hi!
Azka... when did you come?
just now
aunty told me that your mood is off because of uncle & Rutba
right now uncle is standing on the verge of ego & pride
and from there you seem very small to him
and this wrong! He should be respecting you
and Rutba! She is just like him, as she is his daughter
spoiled & bull head, she doesn't understand anything. Nor does she care about anything
if I would have been at her place
then I would have created a chaos
its easy to fall in love but... 
its very difficult to fulfill it
Altamash, please tell me if I can do something to end your restlessness
I want to see yours & Rutba's successful love story
will you be able to do whatever I will ask you to do?
yes
you have to give this to Rutba
uncle has switched off her phone
be careful that nobody gets to know
remember one thing
you will always find me very near to you in your life
thank you!
Azka
do you know how to do the work?
don't you worry! I know all
oh! Mr. Khar... I mean Khursheed. How are you?
I hope your life is going very well
one should pray to stay safe from such ease that shall free a person from humanity
I've heard that a few heights reduces a person's weight
what are you trying to say, I did get it
closed door can be knocked, but they cannot be opened forcefully
the doors are always opened from inside
and then its very important for a person to be wise to understand anything
try reading books in your leisure time
this way all the locks in your mind will get opened
He thinks himself as Aflatoon by reading a few books
Khar.. (donkey)
believe me brother, my heart is bleeding
I can't believe
how dare Altamash to misbehave with you
honestly, I am feeling so disappointed
and sister Sanober.. 
sister should have taken care of your status & order
you have been so lenient to them
if someone else would have been in your place then he would have broken the engagement there & then
When those people don't value the blood relation, then what's the importance of such a weak relation?
Ronaq, I am a realist & that person who makes thoughtful decisions
Neither I make or break relations while being emotional
if future paths are decided then I am in the favor of ignoring such childish things which becomes an obstacle
drink tea
Altamash I love you!
All love for Altamash
this girl won't get anything?
In love, more than half of the work is done by the secret keepers
thank you!
Ok please, go & see what if somebody comes. Until then let me call Altamash
Oh, now I have to give the duty of the guard as well. Fine!
be quick
thank you!
Altamash, don't know what had happened to dad
don't know why he has kept me inside my house as a prisoner
Rutba, listen to me very carefully
for now, don't go against uncle
he shouldn't doubt a bit about what are we planning, otherwise if will be more difficult for you to leave from there
the more stubborn you'll be, the more strictness uncle will show
then tell me, what shall I do?
first of all, stay relax
for now, do whatever uncle is asking you to do
after that we'll think what needs to be done
Okay, as you say
Okay brother, allow me to leave
from here I'll go to sister Sanober's house for sure
I will talk to her that her behavior isn't right
Azka, how is Rutba?
is she cheered up?
yes uncle, all praise to God she is very happy & absolutely fine
what is she doing?
uncle, please don't take my name
but she...
She is talking to Altamash on the phone
on the phone?
from where did she got the phone?
I didn't ask her, you may ask her yourself
mom, lets go we are getting late
yes... brother we are really getting late
please don't say anything to Rutba, she is a young blood
in fact, do investigate from sister Sanober & Altamash
that why are they provoking our Rutba against her father
I'm leaving, bye!
yes uncle, did you call me?
yes, sit Khursheed
Khursheed, I had to visit the lands for a few days
but I am worried about Rutba
I don't know why I am so worried for the first time while leaving her alone
uncle, if you say so then I will visit the land
No, I have to go
I have to make a few decisions related to my will
maybe it can take a week's time but...
Rutba won't be knowing it
We have to tell her that I will be back within a few days
As you think better, uncle
don't worry, whatever responsibility you'll give me I'll try my best to fulfill it with honesty
I know even if you don't say it
I wish, I had the same trust & belief on my own child
if one loses trust from their own child then...
the sympathies & consoling from the entire world cannot end that pain which
a father feels
greetings dad!
greetings to you too!
thank you!
where are you going, Rutba?
dad, I thought to go to the university
what's the reason behind this sudden change?
last night I had thought a lot
then I thought, if the completion of my graduation can solve the matters of two families then why not?
its a matter of a few years only
they will pass
but I cannot upset you
few years?
but you weren't ready to spend even a few hours without Altamash
dad, don't you trust my words?
I do trust your words
words are nice
but dear, how shall I trust you?
until yesterday you were confronting me
you were ready to forget your father's life time love & affection to get Altamash
dad, I'm really sorry
maybe I had said so wrong while being emotional
I'm very sorry
but I know that you love me so much that you cannot stay upset with me for long time
Rutba, sometimes its very painful to know this
take care
dad, shall I go to university?
Khursheed
yes uncle?
sit
Khursheed
its your responsibility to pick & drop Rutba from the university
Ok
and Rutba will not go outside the house in my absence
no matter how important the work is
all Rutba's work is your responsibility until I come back
I don't trust anyone
Ok uncle
have breakfast
for now, don't go against uncle
he shouldn't doubt a bit about what are we planning, otherwise if will be more difficult for you to leave from there
as you wish, dad
dad is going for how many days?
I don't know, he hasn't told me
didn't he tell you?
why?
you do a lot of hard work to come near him
sometimes I feel jealous of you
instead of being jealous if you do some hard work then you'll be able to feel uncle's love as well
even he wants the same
I am doing hard work to fulfill his desires
and for that, if I have to study from you then I will do it
do teach me that
if I have to win someone's blind trust
and that too so much that he shall gets against his only child
how to do it. Ok?
nobody can teach anyone how to love & how to feel it
emotions aren't copied
its so difficult to tolerate you
but still I am doing it
Its Okay, one needs to tolerate
somebody has to tolerate more or less
its your class time
No body knows how much the distance is between life & death
but when the burden starts increasing on the heart, and breathing slows down
shoulders become heavy & the walk becomes lazy then...
a person should get free from a few responsibilities
I am also going to lessen some burden
brother, I always pray to God about your healthy & long life
thank you, Rasheeda
may God bless you
you & Khursheed are a big blessing for me
if I have some ease in my life then its just because of you two
I've given a few important orders to Khursheed about Rutba
I don't need to say anything special to you but...
I cannot stay without telling you
Rasheeda, take very good care of Rutba
yes yes brother, why not?
she is such an innocent & naive girl
I'm leaving
*farewell*
what are you thinking, sister? You seem lost in your deep thinking
hmm...
isn't Altamash getting so emotional?
what if he ruins everything. Brother Mehr's attitude can change anytime
you know his thinking is deeper than the dea
its hard to understand him
hmm... but my dear sister
first of all, whether brother is deeper than the sea or harder like rocky isle
he is like a sand wall when it comes to his daughter's matter
and second thing is that there is a specific time to push the sand wall
what if we kept on thinking & others win
are you talking about Rasheeda?
yes... who else?
you know, that mother son duo has completely controlled brother
and I'm telling you whatever I saw
So, are you also in a favor to take the abrupt step just like Altamash?
yes... wise people say, there is no use of crying over spilt milk
its better that a person shall beat their head in despair
yes?
very nice! it means you've got the permission to go outside your house
what kind of permission? This Khursheed has kept an eye on me like a body guard
until I entered the university, he kept standing outside
and now when I'll go out, he will be present there before me
I have to study from him after going home & have to listen to his rubbish talks
I've become fed up of him. I feel like breaking his face
We'll break his face as well as the restrictions imposed by uncle, my love
We'll tell him that we are more wise & intelligent than him without getting the degrees
Straightforwardness with the straightforward, crookedness with the crooked
Rutba, be ready
you have to leave from there any day all of a sudden
but Altamash, it is not possible at all. How?
the matter is not about Khursheed only, dad has forbidden the guards too
how dare the guards shall stop Rutba Ali Khan, when she is called by Altamash
Altamash, if we'll go against my dad then we can bear a big loss
you know how stubborn my father is
Rutba, I know it very well when, what & how to get something from uncle
just do as I am asking you to do
Ok my class is about to start. I'll talk to you later
my love, a new life is also about to start
just have some patience
bye!
mom, please bring tea. My students will be here anytime
here you go dear
tea
what happen?
nothing! just a thinking came into my mind
Rutba was going to the university with you so obediently in the morning
both of you were looking so good
how quietly she sat inside the car when you had opened the car's door
mom, how shall I tell you that how much restlessness was there behind this obedience
IF I ever have some time then I will explain you everything
but still Khursheed, she is the memorable of my only sister
she was the apple of her eye
mom she is that star which can show you the stars in the day time as well
Sajida used to say that when Khursheed will become a big officer after completing his education...
no matter what Khursheed Hasan becomes after completing his education
your sister's desire won't be fulfilled ever
the sparkle in your eyes & smile on your lips is quite precious to me
I won't let it ruin so easily
try to see true dreams
the kids are about to come, so I am leaving
Khursheed, the dreams can lie
but eyes doesn't lie
no matter how much you hide it from me
but a mother hears each & every beating of their child's heart
what will you hide from me & how much?
greetings sir!
greetings to you too Asmat Khan, how are you?
thanks to God & to you too
the lunch is ready, if you say so then shall I serve it?
I am not hungry Asmat Khan, make me some tea
please come, lawyer
yes... how are you Nisar?
all are you prayers, Sir
Nisar, this time I've come with some special intention
I personally need to check some land related matters & properties details
I've brought the lawyer as well, as I've to transfer a few properties as well
on Rutba's name?
Nisar, I've named my entire life on Rutba. What else do I have to do?
Right now I want to gift a few properties to Khursheed Hasan
I was thinking that its good if this work is done in my life, after death...
God forbid sir, please don't say this
may God bless you with healthy & long life. A lot of families are running because of you
Nisar, do inform everyone about tomorrow morning
We'll visit the lands as I've to make a few important decisions
Okay, let me get your room ready until you drink tea
please come
Rutba seems to be very clever, just like uncle
what do you mean?
I mean, she was assuring you on the call that she'll do everything as per your consent
but as soon as you had disconnected the call, her attitude changed
she said, I won't do anything against my father's consent
Rutba said this to you?
yes, absolutely!
what is this?
it absorbs air...
I am not so free that I shall wait for you to get free
I have to prepare my assignment too
sit
these are the topics & references too
I want my assignment today
all of you make the notes & give me 2 minutes. I'm coming, Ok?
Ok boys, I would be needing some time from all of you
you can ask me whatever questions you have, I will tell you
And... exercise 2A of 2nd chapter
there are few questions in it, start writing their answers
just give me 5 to 10 minutes to complete this, then I'll get back to you all Ok?
Sir, are you fine?
Khursheed
dear, first eat your dinner otherwise it will get cold. You can do the work later
No mom, some incomplete work turns into allegations
let me complete them first
So that there won't be an allegation
there isn't any big deal about the dinner, I can eat it cold as well
Rutba dear you! come sit
I don't have time to sit, aunty
I just came to take my assignment
I've made rice pudding, let me get it for you
Okay
hey! what is this?
at least open a book for the reference
one needs reference to fill the papers when their mind is empty
but thanks God my mind is not empty
you must have heard that empty mind is a devil's house
that's why you get devilish ideas
such as irritating someone, annoying someone, or to make someone fall
and those people who laugh after making someone fall, should think about their low class thinking
a person's respect doesn't reduce by falling, Rutba
but it lessens for sure by making someone else fall
Khursheed
why don't you keep your difficult word with you?
or share this with your students
being my teacher can be really expensive for you
you must have got an idea
you are absolutely correct!
it can be difficult for anyone to become your teacher
when a dish is empty then the person filling it needs to do the same hard work
and unfortunately if that dish has a hole
then the teacher is gone!
where are you going my dear? I've brought the rice pudding
No aunty, I am not in a mood right now some other time
mom, give it to me
Besides the things made with hard work should be given to hard working people
As it is, its me who do everyone's work
wow mom! its so delicious
Greetings, madam Ronaq
Greetings to you too Nisar, how are you?
I'm fine, madam Ronaq. Is everything alright since you have called me at this hour
yes, actually I am unable to contact brother
I wanted to ask about his well being that's why I have called you
yes yes, he is absolutely fine
its just that he got tired due to his long journey that's why he had gone to sleep a bit early
Okay
until when he'll get free from the work he came for?
madam Ronaq, it will take a few days as he has to meet with a few people
hmm... I hope land related matters are fine
yes, thank God
brother must have taken the lawyer along with him, right?
yes, he has brought the lawyer along with him as he has to complete all the transfer related matters
on whose name? Is he transferring them on Rutba's name?
Ronaq madam, I don't know much about it
it would be better if you can discuss this with sir
hmm.. okay, bye!
bye!
he cannot transfer anything in Rutba's name in such a hurry
then for what he had gone!
brother is thinking something else
anyways... even if Nisar doesn't tell me
Still I will get to know
I will go with the driver
one second!
I will do as uncle has asked me to do
if you don't want to consider me as your teacher, then don't. But consider me as your driver
come sit, we are getting late
greetings uncle! how are you?
greetings to you too! I'm fine, dear Khursheed. How are you?
And how is Rasheeda?
Thank God uncle, all well... I am on my way to drop Rutba to the university
very nice! Make me speak to Rutba
yes
hello dad, greetings! How are you?
greetings to you too! How is my lovely daughter?
I'm fine, but Khursheed annoys me a lot
he taunts me at all times
he says that I don't know how to study, and I cannot study anything. I am dull-headed
nothing gets absorb in my brain, I am so goofy
Besides, he thinks that he is very clever & intelligent than me as he has studied a bit more
dad, are you laughing?
No, no dear... I am not laughing at all
I will scold him
that how can he annoy my such an intelligent & wise daughter, how can he make fun of her
by reading a few books does he think that he has become more intelligent than Rutba Ali
yes
dear, let me come back then I will do whatever you want me to do
but for now do as I've asked you to do, Ok?
dad...
dad, I don't want Khursheed to teach me
Rutba listen, I'm sitting at the same place where your mother & I used to drink our morning tea
your mother used to say, "my daughter will be well educated"
"she will become a wise & an educated daughter"
your mother was fond of studying
even today her books are decorated inside the cupboard
dear, people die & leave this world but...
their likes & hobbies becomes the decoration of the cupboard & make us realize
that what was the caliber of the person who had died
Ok dear listen! Don't irritate Khursheed Hasan a lot, it doesn't look good
Okay dear, I'm hanging up now. Bye!
yes dad, bye!
listen! don't know why dad has imposed you on me? When will I get rid of you
its your class time, you can taunt me on your way back
you are more concerned about my class than me
why don't you say that you'll keep standing here until I go inside
its a good thing that you are a teacher, guard & driver too. Wow!
I want your betterment Rutba
and if you can understand then there is a difference between imprisonment & protection
listen Khursheed, you are just a sand wall for me
whenever I would like to go anywhere, you won't be able to stop me
therefore, keep your concern & care with you
and you also listen to me
uncle's word is final verdict for me
and if you won't listen to his order
then it will be very difficult for you to leap over this sand wall