listen Khursheed, you are just a sand wall for me 
whenever I would like to go anywhere, you won't be able to stop me
therefore, keep your concern & care with you
and you also listen to me 
uncle's word is final verdict for me
and if you won't listen to his order 
then it will be very difficult for you to leap over this sand wall
Miss, Rutba has never written a single word of her assignment with her hands till date
in fact, she doesn't even know the topic of the assignment
all of her work is done by her cousin
All of us make our notes & assignment with a lot of hard work & Rutba takes the best grades
not fair!
Okay, please sit
what shall I do, Altamash?
Khursheed & aunt Rasheeda doesn't leave me alone for a single second
don't make excuses Rutba, don't stall me. This is the time to show courage
there is no importance of excuses in our life
we are standing next to uncle, and now it will be a foolishness to step back
you don't know uncle
He uses all of his trump cards on the right time
I'll talk to you later
Bye!
Rutba, why didn't you attend the class? Ms. Sadaf was asking about you
actually I am having a severe headache
Ms. Sadaf has called you inside the library
Ok, thanks!
Okay
its not an ordinary matter that brother has gone to see the properties all of a sudden
I had talked to Nisar Ali
I had tried asking him indirectly, but he stalled me
and I have understood a lot from this
what are you trying to say, aunty?
you cannot understand brother's conspiracies, Altamash
sister & I have tolerated him a lot
brother will try his level best to keep you away from land & properties related matters
he wants to test you
and what will you do by getting only Rutba?
Rutba is Rutba Mehr Ali 
when a lot of properties & wealth is associated to her name
Ronaq is absolutely correct, Altamash
let brother do whatever he wants to do
and we will do whatever we want to do
bring Rutba here
and get married to her before brother comes back
and get the property on your name
Rutba, this time you've made such an amazing assignment
also you have taken the highest marks
in the entire department
thank you, maam
even I haven't read those books which you have mentioned in your reference 
and only an intelligent person can make such an assignment
from where you took those references & what was the medium?
actually...
your quietness is telling me that not only you hadn't made the assignment
but you haven't read it as well
maam.. actually
I will keep this matter in front of the head, and you may leave
maam... 
and yes! pick up your assignment from the staff room
maam please... 
maam
I had taken away Rutba's cellphone from her
but she has another cellphone
she is in contact with Altamash. If I wanted, I could have taken the other cellphone from her
but when a child starts becoming rebellious then the parents should take one step back
I don't want her to realize that her father has restricted the fresh air as well
I want her to live & stay happy
but with the actual happiness of life
yes uncle I am getting it
dear, I know that she has a lot of people who shows her the wrong path
because politics & rebelliousness is associate side by side
keep an eye on Rutba
until I come back
I will do whatever you are saying
It will take the hard work of all of us to bring Rutba to any higher status
don't worry uncle, I am with you at every step
thank you my dear, I am proud of you
I understand all!
your motive is to insult & humiliate me by all means
then whether its my house, my in-laws house or my university
I didn't get it, what... 
you have proved your intelligence & my stupidity by making this assignment
but its clearly stating that how much jealous & envy you are of me
I wish dad can see your true face soon
oh! I hate Khursheed so much that I feel like vanishing him from the world
I cannot tolerate him!
and dad likes him so much
I don't understand, what shall I do to him
I cannot do anything
We can do a lot, & we will do it
be patience. I will see Khursheed aka Sheeda myself
who had annoyed my Rutba
for now listen to me
hmm.. say it, I am listening
you have to come to our house tomorrow, its my mother's message
We will sit & think about how to convince uncle
but Altamash, what if my father gets to know then?
let him get to know, I'm with you
I will send Azka to your house, but you have to leave from there by any means
Okay, I will come
I will come tomorrow for sure
Okay listen!
hide the car keys so that Khursheed cannot follow you
I want to vanish this Khursheed
so that he leaves from our lives, and we can spend our live peacefully
enough
Khursheed
yes
dear, I am going inside the bungalow. Don't you have any other work?
No mom, I just wanted some tea but I will make it myself
ok listen
take care of Rutba
yes dear, I have promised brother Mehr
I have to take care of her
Ok, I am leaving
how dare you! Let me go & tell dad right away
yes sure
greet him from my side
also tell him that for what you came in my quarter at this hour of the night
listen to me
don't come in my way, understand!
I am not in your way, Rutba
and if you consider me as the dust under your feet
I still don't have any problem with it
but yes, if the question is about uncle's love & his honor
then he is not the hindrance on your way
its the sky above your head
be thankful
that you have a ground under your feet & sky above your head
go to sleep now
and remember
I will be awake the entire night
hmm... so this is the matter
if its a war then let it be, we are also ready to fight
tomorrow you will come to my house for sure
I will also see that who can dare to stop my Rutba
Altamash calls & Rutba couldn't come
its impossible!
I will come Altamash
be ready
uncle, I don't need lands or properties
the amount we get from my dad's lands, its enough for my studies expense
and soon I will be doing a job
besides, mom & I had never wished more than this
don't worry about me
dear, I am not worried
I am proud of you
you are not my son, but you had never let me feel that I don't have a son
if I have transferred something in your name, then its because of my happiness & honor
because I am proud of you
thank you so much, uncle
your love & trust is enough for me
I don't need these lands & properties
No Khursheed, I cannot transfer my entire properties on the name of greedy & selfish people
I had to tell you that I have transferred a few properties on your name
so there is no point of any argument in this matter
uncle, I am highly obliged
did you went there to transfer the property on my name only?
No, there were a lot of other work
but all the work is done now
I will be back within a few days
uncle, try coming back soon as the matters aren't fine here
last night, Rutba had tried to take the car keys from my room
what did you say?
what are Rutba's plans?
I don't find those people intentions right, they are compelling Rutba to leave the house
Okay Khursheed, Rutba shouldn't leave the house until I come back. Keep an eye on her
don't you worry at all! I have explained to the guard & the driver as well
besides, mom sleeps inside the bungalow
Rutba cannot go anywhere
Okay
I will come back soon
So finally, you have succeeded in your ambition Khursheed Hasan
its my turn now
Lands in Khursheed's name!
oh Ronaq you were right! Absolutely correct
It was us who were sitting idle
mom, don't worry. I will take back these lands from Khursheed & uncle by any means
let Rutba become mine once. Then not just these land & properties, also uncle will breathe with my consent
very good!
this is called manly gesture
quickly call Ronaq, ask her to come here immediately
the matte is slipping from our hand, Its high time now
We will give thee next shock to brother Mehr Ali
he did his move already
now we'll make our move
the same thing happened that we were afraid of
brother is playing all his cards very cleverly
now I feel that he doesn't want Rutba to get married to Altamash
uncle's thoughts will die automatically
I will hurt him in such a manner, that he will never try to become a hindrance on my way ever
Rutba is mine
and she will always stay mine
you are right, Ronaq
a person who can transfer his lands on the name of a stranger, he can give his daughter as well
enough mom!
why do you want me to kill someone? Do you want me to be hanged to death?
God forbid! may your enemies shall hang to death
No Altamash my child, Rutba is yours
also each & every inch of my brother's land is yours
nobody can eat away your right until your aunt is present
I will not let anyone eat away my right
Azka
I need your help
tell me Altamash, what help do you need? I am here for you
you need to bring Rutba here immediately
Khursheed will not send her with you, beach uncle has forbidden
but somehow, we have to bring her here
what is your plan, Altamash?
why do we have to bring her here? What needs to be done?
I want to harm uncle in such a manner that he shall never stand in front of me confidently
I will marry Rutba tonight
come here
mom, leave my hand
speak slowly, tell me
what is this happening?
Altamash is asking me to bring Rutba here
to marry her! How can I let this happen?
and then uncle! he will blame me for everything
Altamash is using us mother daughter duo for his wrong intentions
sister & Altamash thinks that they are very clever
but my name won't be Ronaq Jahan if I don't repay their clever attitude to them
So, what needs to be done now? We have to stop this marriage
stop it at any cost, this cannot happen
bring Rutba
what!
bring Rutba & meanwhile send a message to brother & tell him everything clearly
I'm sure that he will stop this marriage
also he will teach such a lesson to Altamash
that next time uncle & his nephew will never see each other's face ever
this way, we'll not become the bad guy in Altamash's eyes
also not brother's criminals. 
As far as Rutba is concerned
So, after falling in her father's eyes she won't be able to get back her status
also Altamash will not trust her again
are both the problems solved?
now go, bring Rutba
where were we?
Sir, on the terrace
the board is in front of you, focus on it
we are studying here, not on the terrace
Okay?
yes sir
have you informed Rutba about the wedding?
Not yet
She is already afraid, and I don't want to scare her more by telling about the marriage
let her come here once then
She will only do, whatever we will ask her to do
what if she refused at the eleventh hour, then?
She will never do this
she can never refuse my love
dad, we don't have much time. Go, arrange a religious scholar
Get the house decorated. I want to welcome my new bride in a beautiful manner
everything will be done
Altamash is not doing the right thing
what is right for you?
separation of brother Altamash and Rutba?
I will show that to you
brother Altamash loves Rutba
why do you want to distance them? What will you get by doing it?
I can never imagine of getting married to such a person
who loves my sister
Altamash doesn't love Rutba
he loves her wealth
Okay
but what do you have?
neither wealth nor love
it would be better if you find someone else with love
what is your problem?
my problem is that I don't want to do anything bad with anyone
I am not doing anything bad with anyone. I want my right
Altamash is my childhood love
I had considered him mine since I was a child
he used to be my friend as well, he used to give me importance in everything
then don't know how & when Rutba came in between us and took him away from me
and I didn't get to know
but now its my turn
I will not snatch him
I will bring him back
do you hear me?
never taunt me that I do bad with someone
I've talked to Rutba & explained her everything
she is ready
are you guys ready?
yes.. absolutely ready
whatever we have to do now, is for your sake
shall we go?
What is the matter? You seem quite happy
haven't you won any lottery?
anyways, we came to meet Rutba & she is my friend Anaya
Rutba is inside her room, you may go there to meet her
thank you Khursheed!
by the way, I know you have very strict responsibilities
but don't worry, we won't take much time
Please be quick before anyone comes
where are you busy, uncle? Why aren't you seeing my message?
uncle, please check the message
No, not like this
be quick!
from the lands of Saeedpur, I have transferred 21 acres of land in the name of Khursheed Hasan
So compete its documents
Okay better
Sir, you had forgotten your phone in the room. Its ringing again & again
uncle, Altamash has called Rutba from your house
both of them will get married tonight
stop Rutba by every possible manner
otherwise, both of them will shatter all of your dreams tonight
I beg you uncle that my name shouldn't come in this matter
Greetings uncle!
Khursheed Hasan, where is Rutba?
uncle, Rutba is inside her room as some of her friends are here
Rutba has left the house
you couldn't protect her
Go after her! She has gone to Altamash's house
they are getting married
what!
this marriage shouldn't happen at any cost, got it?
directly bring Rutba to me
don't listen to her at all!
Lal Khan!
Lal Khan...
yes
yes sir!
how many people came in, and how many went out?
Sir, only maam Rutba's friends have gone out
they were three girls
if two girls came inside the house then how come three went out?
oh sir!
quickly open the gate!
All praise to God, may God bless you my dear
you are looking so handsome. I wanted to see you in this attire
may God bless him with good fate
God willing! All praise to God my son is looking so dashing after becoming a groom
oh my son! He isn't going to the bride's house for the marriage, instead he has called her to his house
this is called manly gesture!
why won't he go to the bride's house for the marriage?
you'll see, I will do an extravagant wedding of my price in Mehr Ali house
for now, we have to put a label on the girl. Also, we have to cut her wings!
of the girls as well as of her father's
the girls haven't come as of yet, its quite late now. I am getting worried
greetings!
here comes my daughter
aunt's life... I am so happy
how I wouldn't have come upon your invitation?
but aunty, why so many preparations?
is everything fine? Is there anything special?
Let me tell you, come with me
dad, let me check on the religious clerk
did you call your uncle?
I did so many calls, also sent him a lot of messages but..
he isn't replying at all, I don't know why
Altamash has switched off everyone's phone over here
so that brother cannot talk to anyone
you don't have to switch off your phone at any cost
brother will contact you for sure
And listen!
We have to stop this marriage at any cost
please mom
aunty, what are you saying?
how is this possible?
Rutba, dear its our biggest compulsion
its the only option to save your love & our honor
brother is upset with Altamash & he wants to end this relation
No, no.. he cannot do this
dad knows that all of my happiness is associated with this relation. he will never do this
dear, he is your father
and he is so precious to you, that's why you think that he cannot think this way
he is my elder brother, he is very precious to me as well
but right now, I took a stand for the sake of my children happiness
Rutba, if this wedding didn't happen right now then you'll lose Altamash's love for lifetime
brother will end this relation as soon as he will come back from his lands
but aunty, if this marriage happened today without dad's consent then he will kill me
you know dad's anger, her can do anything in his anger
Rutba
your this anxiety & fearfulness
it will snatch away your love from you & our everything from us
We don't have enough time to lose
once this marriage is done then all our problems will be solved
Okay, let me speak to dad once
have you gone mad?
its the time of the trial of our love
not for talking to your dad
come quickly
we are getting late
mom, the religious clerk is here
Let me see
listen Altamash
I will listen to everything my love... everything
I will listen to everything once you become mine...
come
come on
Rutba has left the house
you couldn't protect her
Go after her! She has gone to Altamash's house
they are getting married
this marriage shouldn't happen at any cost
Got it?
directly bring Rutba to me
don't listen to her at all!
please start..
mom, stop it & do something. You had said that nothing as such will happen
Quiet!
stop it
be quiet!
Rutba Ali daughter of Mehr Ali Khan
do you accept the wedding with Altamash Khan son of Wajid Khan, with alimony of 10 Lacs?
I accept
yes where?
where are you going?
move away!
hey man!
I accept!
do you accept?
I accept!
do you accept the wedding?
I accept!
I accept
congratulations!
congratulations brother Bazil
my son... heartiest congratulations!
you are way too late!