I will leave if you want. 
Are you compelled to obey me?
You don't your own will? 
My will?
Miss Tazmeen
yes
I have a request from you. 
Yes, what's up?
I don't want Khurshid to know about Altamash's visit.
OK 
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Tabrez, have you clicked the pictures?
yes sir, I have
the pictures are really nice
send these pictures to Mehr Ali Khan
whatever you order, sir
brother.... I want to make a request to you
tell me Rasheeda, just say it. Why are you requesting? Please sit
I am thinking to go to my village & live there for sometime
is everything fine?
how come you are thinking about going to the village?
its been so long
I didn't see that in what condition my old house is
its walls, doors, sand... 
has been calling me since so long
I am thinking to go & see them once
also I shall stay over there for sometime
as you feel happy, Rasheeda
I cannot stop you
whenever you want to go ask the driver, he will drop you
and call us whenever you feel like coming back
anyways, I always wait for everyone
I will also wait for you to come back
yes, thank you...
you couldn't get married to Altamash and your Nikah also ended.
Not only uncle's tricks and Altamash's foolishness was the reason for that 
but there is cleverness and conspiracies.
Whose conspiracies? 
My mom
I mean your aunt and Azka
 Till breaths remain in our body 
and heartbeats in our hearts.
Then everything is possible.
just once... 
 Just say "Yes" once, I will make every impossible thing possible.
Rutba
when did you come?
I was thinking that I will come & you must be waiting for me
but you are lost in your own thoughts
No... its not the matter
did somebody came?
No... why are you asking?
the door is opened
actually... 
Ms. Tazmeen came, she just went a while ago
anyways, everyone had the dinner on the way but I didn't. And I am really very hungry
Ok then, let me serve the dinner
you really don't remember what we had discussed in the evening?
We had to go out for the dinner
yes! I do remember, I got dressed up as well
see, how am I looking?
you like this color, right?
I like all the colors on you
no matter what you wear, you look so beautiful
I am so hungry, shall we go?
Azka's settlement is a different thing, 
I won't let Rutba live peacefully.
Even today, my voice can deprive her of peace and tranquility.
You know this and so do I.
will you be able to sit & eat here, Rutba?
yes
why do you think that I don't like all this?
I like everything now
what do you mean by everything? Please explain
how do you teach in the college?
what do you mean by that?
its my desire & passion
first learn how to read
what?
closed books also have a meaning 
do we need explanation of everything?
really!
it seems that you are reading my books secretly
I was also thinking, since when you have become so intelligent
Oh! but you didn't get any wisdom by reading so many books though
if I would have read so many books, then I would have been a poet by now
and I would have written a lot of poetry
really!
so one thing is decided, all of my books are yours now
what will you read then?
You are having it Rasheeda, isn't that enough?
I didn't understand.
If you could understand that then why would it happen?
 My brother loves you more than us.
And why would your value be more and ours is less in this house?
You live in this castle like house as a queen but look like a servant.
I couldn't adopt such get up Rasheeda.
That's why whenever I come here, I count the bitterness of brother's tone and his wrinkles of forehead.
But you are fine. Everything is good for you.
do you know
the area in which I had spent my childhood
we hardly used to have basic necessities over there
there was only one school
and do you know, who takes care of all the expenses of the poor students studying there?
your father...  Mehr Ali Khan
he did so many favors on the people of this area
on me & on my parents
I have also got my basic education from the same school
uncle loves education
he loves educated people, broad minded people, and well educated thoughts
there are very less people like uncle in this world
and maybe, I will never be able to become like him
do you know
do you know, Khursheed
I really feel like completing my studies
when you teach your students and explain them
they respect you a lot & love you so much. They honor you so much
I feel so good
I feel like.... 
I also
I shall also become like you little bit
you are good like this as well
but I will never refuse any of your wish ever
if you want to study then go ahead for sure
then both of us together will keep the basis of a college
will you go to my area along with me?
take this
what's with you? Try eating something & take care of yourself, Azka
why you have taken so many worries on your head?
dear look, whatever you wanted... you have got everything, right?
slowly & gradually you'll get rest of the things too
Its just that I shall hear it once from Altamash's mouth that
he is only mine, not of Rutba at all
then I will be able to spend my life peacefully
the day you'll give him the good news of the baby
believe me Azka, after that day he'll be only yours
Also he was born after a lot of prayers
do you know, sister Sanober used to cry a lot that she doesn't have a child
and now see, if Altamash wouldn't have been born
then she wouldn't have been ruling in her house like a queen like this
you'll see Azka, the day you'll give them the good news of the baby
you will also rule on that house completely
and you!
kindly don't fight with each other
I want to see love & affection in between you two
my heart cries a lot when you both fight with each other
mom, Azka is exactly like you
the way you have bad intentions for all including aunt Sanober, uncle, & Rutba
the same way Azka's heart is also filled with hatred
did you hear? whenever she speaks, she spills poison
and I can't tolerate such words of her
Azka, when you find the truth bitter & the mirror become intolerable
then you need to fix your face & soul as well
listen!
mom, my friend has a brother Hamdan
they want to bring my proposal tomorrow
do say "yes"
because I don't want to live in this poisonous environment anymore
after that you can support Azka as much as you want to
now you've understood?
I used to tell you, she is jealous of me
She is after her marriage, since I got married
her proposal is coming
by the way, you showed such a hurry
it takes a bit of time for the spark to become a fire 
but you came to see the spectacle immediately
 I am so disappointed, by the way
Rutba, kindly check the grocery once. I think everything is there
lentils... 
we forgot to buy the oil
I'm sorry, I didn't remember at all
but why am I saying sorry?
I mean, I am stupid but you are smart
you haven't become a professor yet & look at your condition
Okay, let me go & bring it right away
sure?
yes
ok listen! until then I will make tea for you but please do come quickly
Ok
greetings!
also give me that big box of chocolate
you must be buying the chocolates for your wife, but we need treat
you guys are here
we just came out for a walk & thought of doing the grocery too
yes! women needs an excuse... then it can be a cooking oil
because if there won't be oil, then omelet cannot be made
and if omelet won't be made then we won't get breakfast, and if we don't get the breakfast
then the mood will be off
absolutely!
this is household, Mr. Khursheed. Not your two pages lecture
I've got an idea by now
the way I feel a strange happiness in my heart while doing anything for you, Khursheed Hasan
why does my heart fear to give it any name
I am unable to understand that until when this heart will be scared
your eyes gives me courage
your smile calls me closer to you
but your self-respect & solemnity stops me on the threshold
yes! but you have taught a lot to Rutba Behr Ali Khan
this patience, courage & strength
and to do a lot for someone, my heart has learnt all this from you
thank you!
I feel so good to see you both happy like this
thank you so much, Ms. Tazmeen
honestly speaking, I didn't had an idea that everything can be so good & beautiful
anyways, I am leaving
bye!
Rutba, I have brought the oil
also, I have brought something for you as well
Rutba
the tea is ready as well, you came early
Khursheed
Khursheed!?
what happen?
you still meet Altamash?
do you remember, I had said to you that there is only one thing good about our relation
that we speak the truth with each other
but today I have got to know
that neither there is anything good or truth in our relation
Khursheed... 
travel safe, Rasheeda
visit your village
stay there until you feel happy
I value the relation & love of a sister
do come back whenever you want to
I will wait for you
I am indebted to your love
I am grateful to your services & generosities
and... 
remember that an indebted heart is always waiting
what are you saying, brother?
every part of Rasheeda's soul is grateful to you. And pray for you
one cannot stay away for long from those people who are like a shadow in the scorching heat
I will come back for sure, brother
no matter what, but nothing is more precious that your selfless love
I shall take your leave now, brother
bye!
in God's protection
Mehr Ali, a human doesn't live in a house
a human lives happily only in the heart
a human doesn't live on the basis of heartbeat & breath
he lives on the basis of love & trust
when a person doesn't get a place to live in the heart of their loved ones
then a house doesn't remains a shelter, Mehr Ali
Sir... 
Miss Tazmeen
 I have a request from you. 
Yes, what's up?
I don't want Khurshid to know about Altamash's visit.
OK 
Thank you. Thank you so much.
good morning!
Can I come inside?
is Mr. Khursheed at home or he has left for the college?
whether he is at home or college
but he is not far from your access
by the way, you showed such a hurry
it takes a bit of time for the spark to become a fire 
but you came to see the spectacle immediately
I am so disappointed, by the way
you should have an idea that you are Mr. Khursheed's better half
words are the mirror of one's character
at least you can learn the manners to talk to someone from the person you are living with
but what to do? Honestly, its disappointing
you don't like me with Khursheed, right?
if you say so, then shall I leave my place?
Rutba!
if a person gives you some respect, then learn the skill to handle it
God has blessed you with everything, but you don't know how to handle anything
neither love, nor respect or esteem
I fear what if you loose everything
sometimes a person desires to stoop so low
I wish, I could stoop so low the way you have fallen in my eyes today
No Rutba no, we cannot spend our lives like this
deceiving face, deceiving eyes, deceiving relation!
all of this is not less than a punishment
and I don't accept this punishment
yes greetings Laal Khan, is everything fine?
Okay, we are coming
if a person gives you some respect, then learn the skill to handle it
God has blessed you with everything, but you don't know how to handle anything
neither love, nor respect or esteem
I fear what if you loose everything
sometimes a person desires to stoop so low
I wish, I could stoop so low the way you have fallen in my eyes today
I am going back home
I have called the car, the driver is here
We will go together
uncle is in the hospital, he got a heart attack
we have to go immediately