no dad
you won
to fulfill your ugly relations beautifully is the biggest achievement of a person
and you did this in such a pretty manner
I do feel the pain of my mother's demise
but you gave me that love as well that you had with her
I don't have any complain with you
Azka, I heard you are not well 
are you fine? You seem unwell. What happened? 
Altamash's companionship didn't suited you?
who told you that I am not well? 
Altamash told me...
do you and Altamash talk? do you guys meet as well?
what's with you? Why are you over reacting a lot?
oh! I think you are forgetting that now I am not Rutba Mehr Ali, but Rutba Khursheed Hasan
and Altamash is my cousin, I can meet him & talk to him
right aunty? Is there any restriction?
no my dear...
Rutba
I can't believe you are here in this house, standing in front of me
then believe it
that I am standing here in front of you
I was going to the university, so I thought to meet you all on my way
dad always say...
that a person who doesn't have relations, is like a tree without branches & leaves
and no matter how tall it becomes
still it doesn't gives fruit, it stays unfruitful
So I thought, I shall try to mend my relations too
Stay happy & blessed. I feel so happy to see you here
do keep visiting us, Ok?
Sure aunty, why not
I shall leave now, Altamash
take care of Azka
after all she did so much for you
so now its your duty
I am fulfilling my duty though
I am leaving
Rutba, let me see you off
yes Altamash, go drop her
Good bye!
Bye dear...
its so difficult to tolerate you
still I am doing it
no problem, one needs to tolerate
somebody needs to tolerate more, and somebody needs to tolerate less
its your class time
I believe it too now
there is something fishy going on
I will turn the entire matter upside down
that Rutba flirts with my Altamash, and that too in front of me
I will thrash her so hard that she won't be able to show her face to anyone ever
Ok
Azka look, I cannot sit here with you at all times. I have to go back to my house as well
I have another daughter too Arfa. I have to see her, also I have to throw a dinner party for her & to bid farewell to her
don't know when she'll come to see us
Please tell her not to come back. Stay there & there is no need to fill my life with poison after coming here
how are you talking?
change yourself!
you have to change yourself, otherwise you cannot spend your life like this
one needs to bend down their head at hundreds of places, also have to stay quiet so many times
if you'll fight with everyone, then you'll be left all alone in this world
we'll do something
we have to do something as such that, we shall be succeed without any loss
something as such shall be done with Rutba, which is more worse than what I am thinking
mom
I have to talk to Khursheed
get me his number
we'll get Khursheed's number, I'll get it somehow
but whatever we do this time, we have to do it after thinking a lot about it
look at sister Sanober
how cleverly she has played all of her cards
she has become good in front of brother as well, also she has mend all her relations with Rutba too
we have to do the same thing, And we'll do it
we'll be succeed without facing any loss
don't you worry at all
I've understood everything
Okay, I am leaving now
ask the catering people to decorate the entire lawn very nicely
do it quickly
Greetings dad!
Greetings dear!
why all these preparations?
its my daughter's birthday. Whether she remembers it or not But I do
dad, I've grown up now. Will you still celebrate my birthday like this by decorating he house?
why not?
dear, the environment shall be lively whenever the heart is happy
the life becomes beautiful all of sudden
dear Rutba, your birthday is the most beautiful moment of my life
such moments should be celebrated especially
I love you! I love you so much, dad
love you dear... 
there is no comparison of this sentence, no matter whatever I do for you Rutba
ok tell me whom shall we invite?
do one thing, invite all of your university friends
I don't have much friends
besides, the group has also been changed now
I think, we should invite aunt Ronaq & aunt Sanober's families
are you still comfortable with them?
why not dad? I am your daughter
I know the skills of living with a smile on my face while hiding the wrong doings by good nature
don't take any sort of tension
leave all the invitations on me
let me go & get freshen
yes brother... 
its such a good news, heartiest congratulations to you 
yes.. how is this possible that you invite us & we don't come
We'll come for sure, God willing
yes... Bye!
Okay... so uncle is celebrating the birthday of his dearest daughter
he wants to show us that everything is fine
but maybe uncle doesn't know that his dearest daughter is still trying to find the spark in her lost long love
sister & Altamash will go there for sure
Azka, you have to keep a control on Altamash as well as on yourself too
what if you burn your hands from the sparks coming out of Rutba's game of fire
mom, I don't find Altamash's intentions right
he has completely changed since he got the land's documents
he was saying to me that if you had to go for a routine check up then go with my mother
its not important for me to accompany you
now tell me, even in this condition his support is not important for me
but he will go on Rutba's birthday for sure
I am desperately waiting for you to give birth to this baby
you'll see, he'll become the chains of Altamash's feet
mom, I just want a son by any means
let me give birth to a son once, then I will fix Altamash
he will be the heir of his everything
God willing, you will give birth to a son. You'll see
then you'll govern on that house completely
but remember Azka
Keep a control on yourself. Don't come into Rutba's any trap
I had asked you for Khursheed's number
yes... here it is
send it to yourself
today is Rutba's birthday, right?
did you wish her?
you are quite a dark horse
I say everything... but you are the one who is a dark horse
yes but... you don't know how to hide your emotions
your quietness & sadness since morning was telling me that today is some special day
I just focused on it a bit, and I understood
the words from which I was saving myself for an entire day, you have said those words
I don't want to miss her
and she doesn't leaves your mind
do you know what Rutba had said to me in our last meeting?
She didn't said that we should end the misunderstandings prevailing between us
or she will wait for me, or my departure will make any difference to her
instead she had said that I should get married to Ms. Tazmeen, because we are made for each other
If that was your last meeting
then did you tell her that she shall wait for you to come back
or had you said that you don't have a space in your life for another woman except for Rutba
why shall I say this?
because you love her
but I also respect my emotions
I cannot ruin them in the dust of those who don't value them
you shall talk.. I have to go to the library
greetings uncle!
greetings! Khursheed, don't call me uncle
do call me dad
Okay, fine..
how are you, dad?
see, how am I looking?
dignified as always
see, how is the house looking?
its looking so beautiful, is there any party in the house?
yes Khursheed, I want to light up my house like this on the daily basis
that's why I keep counting days daily for your return
upon your return, your welcome will be way too grand than this
presently, we are celebrating Rutba's birthday
heartiest congratulations to you
why are you congratulating me? Congratulate the one whose birthday it is
look over there, here she comes
here, talk to her
happy birthday to you, Rutba
Thank you!
you seem so happy
I feel good to see you
I also want to see you happy
you haven't realized it as of yet?
how is Tazmeen?
she isn't like that as you think about her
yes
Mostly I do mistake in understanding people
I don't have that much wisdom as you have
but you..
you understand everything
why do you taunt me?
I have nothing
neither good looks, nor intelligence, nor wealth or properties
I only have some self-respect & honor, due to which I am living my life
let me live...
I always pray for your long & healthy life
for your happiness
live your favorite life
with your favorite people
think before praying for me
what if it becomes a curse for you
I had decided after giving it a lot of thought
do you doubt?
If you say so, the shall I write it down?
there is no need of it
Bye!
Bye!
Greetings!*
happy birthday dear
Thank you so much!
Altamash
I need your help, can you please come with me?
come here
Azka...
let me go!
what's with you? Come here, Azka!
what's with you?
there is no need to become emotional & don't create a scene. Everyone is looking
Ok
whatever you'll do now will get reversed on you
Altamash has gone blind in her love
Greetings brother...
Greetings! Stay blessed
heartiest congratulations to you
brother, I always pray that your house shall always stay filled with such happiness
thank you, Ronaq
yes, and now our happiness is no longer separate. Its associated with each other
Besides, there can never be misunderstandings in the relations of siblings
this relation is like a flowing water
here some time gets passed, and there everything becomes so pure & clean once again. Right brother?
you have said the right thing Sanober
I can't see Rutba anywhere, where has she gone?
She...
actually, she can't see anyone else except Altamash
that's why she took him along
Azka, what do you do? Didn't you hear? She had some important work with Altamash
Besides, he is her cousin not an enemy
Transfer Saeedpur lands & Sheikhupura factories in my name
also your mansion too
I do have a right to test you this much
these are the papers of Sheikhupura factories
why dad has transferred them on your name, Altamash?
uncle had gifted them to me & Azka as a wedding gift
Saeedpur's lands are Azka's gift
Sheikhupura's factories is my gift
but see...
these papers are with uncle & I don't have any issue
because I don't love lands, properties or wealth. I only love Rutba Mehr Ali
I need to try that
uncle is searching for you outside
they are waiting for the cake cutting ceremony
but... don't know what secret things you are telling Altamash in privacy
can I ask what as such the discussion was?
are you doubting me?
however, when Altamash was my fiance
I had never doubted you
not only you... but she had never let me doubt on her as well
he had played the game of love in such a great manner that I thought its my victory
until death
come on, you have already defeated Rutba Mehr Ali Khan
so why are you being scared of the defeated people now?
Come, lets cut the cake together
and then we'll eat it together
shall we go?
greetings uncle!
greetings!
dad, you know that now I am not an eighteen year old inexperienced Rutba anymore
I know, I haven't read a lot of books like Khursheed did
but I know how to read your face
I'm grown up now, please...
please stop worrying about me
come, lets cut the cake
won't you feed me?
do you see, whatever is happening?
its you who is watching Bazil, I am understanding everything
he fire has lit up again
have you ever thought about its consequences?
the consequences will be good
you are doing so much of politics, sister
you can change my name from Ronaq if I didn't made you fall on your face
now you'll see, how many birds I will kill from one arrow
lets go Azka
lets go please
Mostly I do mistake in understanding people
I don't have that much wisdom as you have
but you..
you understand everything
I always pray for your long & healthy life
for your happiness
live your favorite life
with your favorite people
its very cold today, so coffee was necessary
do you know the identity of a good friend?
yes... he listens to the condition of your heart without even saying
this is the benefit of being friends with an intelligent girl
She says everything, and you don't need to say anything
Also, you can share your heart's matter with her without any hesitation
apparently you are happy, upset or missing someone special
who will decide whether the person who wants to get separated is our loved one or not
even this beautiful evening & raindrops aren't able to answer this question
then how can I decide in this delusion that whether I am missing someone or trying to forget that person?
Khursheed
there has been a very big communication gap in between you two
both of you are increasing these distances instead of reducing them because of your ego & stubbornness
maybe you are unable to understand, but I have understood
you are not that Khursheed Hasan whom I had met in Hasanabad
that Khursheed was also in love with Rutba
but his love hadn't captivated his soul like any trap
it was like a bright light in the heart
and Khursheed used to laugh
sleep & dream on his own
but...
Rutba's little companionship has lost that Khursheed Hasan somewhere
now this Khursheed Hasan who is in front of me
he has got himself distributed in a lot of portions of love, separation, & agony
the lamp that was lit within the heart
has become a fire, which is burning the entire body
this Khursheed Hasan neither sleeps on his own
neither he sees his favorite dreams
neither he laughs, nor he lives his life
until when this will go on?
since you have fallen in love then why don't you express it?
since you had married, then why don't you signify your right?
your competition of ego & stubbornness with a weak & pretty girl doesn't suits you
the Khursheed Hasan I know is quite strong & respectable
what should I do then?
should I bend down?
or shall I beg for my love & loyalty?
I shall think that she is in love with me, if she smiles & looks at me
and if she ignores me then I shall think that she is habitual of this game
at least ask her once by considering her your life partner, & your loyal friend from the bottom of your heart
Rutba, do you love me or not
do you need my companionship or not?
do you want me to come back or not?
then see what answer Rutba gives
if she said "yes" then I will reach to my lost paradise
but if she said "no" then...
I will fall in the hell of humiliation for life time
just think...
she must be standing on the same verge as well
and must be waiting for you
yes Altamash, tell me
is everything alright? since you have called me all of a sudden
I hope you haven't fought with Azka
we fight with the people of our equal level
what will I do by fighting with that poor girl?
its wrong, Altamash
she is your wife
your honor..
it doesn't suits you to talk such things about her
she is less of a wife but more of a conspiratorial person
anyways let it be, presently she has gone to her mother's house
her blood pressure got high while coming back from the birthday party
the doctor has advised for a complete mental rest
I am amazed
although she has you by her side, but still she doesn't have complete mental peace
even I don't have peace, that's why I am calling you Rutba
I get peace when I see you, I get peace when I talk to you
I get peace when I meet you
Tell me, what's the cure of it?
I cannot live like this
how can I help you, Altamash?
take divorce from Khursheed
he is not capable enough to share his name with you
even today, the doors of my house & heart are open for you
and they will always remain open
really!
what about Azka?
whom you got against the properties of Saeedpur?
you will make the decision of Azka's future
if you'll ask me then I will divorce her
if you want, I will keep her in my house
whatever you say
you are quite even-minded
but why will I ruin Azka's life?
that poor girl has put her everything on the stake in order to get you
you are her last benefit
as far as getting separated from Khursheed Hasan is concerned
that's not possible!
Rutba, I will do whatever you'll say
believe me
I am ready to sacrifice everything for you
alright then
Transfer Saeedpur lands & Sheikhupura factories in my name
also your mansion too
I do have a right to test you this much
when you are able to gather this much courage
then call me
bye!