now whether you consider yourself as the guest or an animal in this house
its your choice 
Altamash, at least finish your breakfast. Where are you going?
I am already done 
I am going to Rutba
I will ensure to fix the wedding date today
Yes Altmash! Ask Azka to return all the gold that we've given her on the wedding
after all, we are going to marry Rutba 
and no matter how much the gold is, its always less
Besides, this gold isn't of her use anymore
only that woman is the bride, whom her husband loves 
Its enough for her that we've allowed her to stay in this house
Welcome, please have a seat
I am so proud of you
You both have proved yourself quite intelligent in the UK
getting a job offer & that too so quickly is its proof 
Thank you!
by the way Khursheed Hasan, didn't you feel like accepting such a great job offer?
not for a moment, sir
I had decided before leaving that when I will come back after studying, then I will take out my country from this darkness of illiteracy 
this is my only mission & goal
Very nice! People like you are the bright future of this country
Thank you, sir
And what is this marriage related matter?
Sir?
Sir, she wasn't agreed but I had compelled her
and the best thing is that she has honored my words
I didn't get anything. How come everything happened all of a sudden
Believe me, all of this is done by Khursheed
Well done Khursheed Hasan. Well done! You did this great work along with your studies
Both of you will soon get your promotion letters
and hopefully both of you will be appointed as the professor in the university
do continue with your PhD program
I will feel really happy on that day when I will call you Doctor Khursheed Hasan
yes sir
Thank you!
all the best!
come on kids... 
its an off time now, come on
come here
and do come tomorrow
Khursheed! Have you come to Pakistan?
Greetings mom, how are you?
Greetings! Stay blessed my son. Look at your mother's craziness
you call me from England
but seeing at your Pakistani number just now, I had felt as if you are so close to me
It is like that mom. Nobody can understand distances & affinity better than love
I just came today to Hasanabad, there was a welcome party & joining too
also I had some important work, I will come to you as soon as I get free from them
Khursheed, did you talk to Rutba?
she has completed her studies too
Rutba has kept the honor of her father's will
she has become so wise, whenever she speaks it feels as if her father is speaking
Ok mom, I will come to you in a few days
do bring along my daughter-in-law, Khursheed
Khursheed
come & have the tea, its ready
Okay mom, I'll talk to you later
Khursheed!
Khursheed, listen to me dear
Khursheed
Greetings aunty, how are you?
Greetings! I am fine, how are you dear?
I am also fine
my university is completed
there are a few works here
so I will come to you as soon as possible after completing them
after dad's demise I don't understand with whom I shall share my grief 
on whose shoulder I shall cry upon
I miss you a lot, aunty
dear Rutba, do you know Khursheed is in Pakistan. In Hasanabad
aunty, he must have called but maybe I was busy that's why I couldn't receive it
No dear, this matter is different
Khursheed has started to ignore your topic
and I have been observing this since quite long
a man cannot be trusted, Rutba
they don't take time to turn away their eyes
his friend Tazmeen is always with him like a shadow
even now she was with him while I was talking to him
what is this? He didn't even called you
I won't forgive him if there is something inappropriate
anything inappropriate?
dear Rutba, quickly go to Khursheed 
what if he had married Tazmeen?
its a good thing, aunty
every person should have the right to spend their life as per their choice
Rutba!
yes aunty
if this is true then I will congratulate them myself
don't you worry
what are you looking at?
you are looking so handsome
thank you!
what is this?
my entire jewelry
I've brought everything, I haven't kept anything for myself
aunty is right that... 
the actual bride is one, whose husband loves her
You hardly look at me
if you'll look at me once in exchange of this, then that moment will be more precious to me than this jewelry
Azka, what will you trade now after losing your most precious thing?
there are no emotions for the person who falls from your eyes
shall I give you a suggestion?
take divorce from me
you will stay happy & satisfied
No Altamash!
for God sake, never say this again ever
where will I go? I will die without you. I have no one
Altamash you... 
Fine!
your choice then
but then always be thankful to Rutba
because this status is given to you by her
Khursheed!
Rutba, he is that guy who loves you since childhood
he is in love with you
and this love isn't that greedy & self-centered love that Altamash did
this love is that fruit which had emerged from your mother's innocent desire
and he had tired his level best to hide it
He had never looked at you completely
he never did dishonesty
also he never did abuse of trust
won't you wish Mr. Khursheed?
there isn't any lack of people to wish Mr. Khursheed
but how can somebody fill in your place, Rutba?
Look at him carefully, how happy Mr. Khursheed looks
try to congratulate & give him birthday wishes
then you'll see from your own eyes how his happiness will increase, also you'll feel it from your soul
Happy birthday!
Thank you!
Today, you aren't looking Rutba Mehr Ali but Mehr Ali Khan
no matter if you are not like uncle but... 
his reflected image is hidden in you
his accent speaks in your accent
he is hidden somewhere with you, its just that you don't know
Hello!
Yes Azka, tell me
what shall i say, Khursheed?
nothing is left with me to say
can somebody be so empty like me?
Tell me something, you had read so many books
if nothing is left with a person
then how does that person lives?
Azka, there is one reality of this world
a person came here all alone, and he will go away from here all alone
whichever relations, love, hatred & happiness.. everything will remain here
therefore try not to take the burden of all these things on your shoulders while going away from here
what if someone have a burden on its heart, then?
so much that a person couldn't even breathe
try to be happy in other happiness
you will stay peaceful
a person becomes breathless only when he runs after his happiness
Khursheed, I don't understand how do you gather so much of courage & strength?
I feel as if I will die under the burden of this grief
what as such has happened?
why did you leave Rutba?
if not about yourself, then at least you should have thought about me
what do you mean? I didn't get it
they are about to get married
I won't be able to tolerate it
how will I live in this house with Rutba?
Altamash doesn't even look at me
I have nothing left, Khursheed
are you going somewhere?
I'm going to see that how come an impossible thing become possible
I am going to Mehr Ali house
Oh... 
Shall I come along?
I am feeling scared to carry myself with me
if its in my control, then I shall leave away my eyes, ears & tongue everything over here
that person is a fool, who takes an entire life to make an impossible thing possible 
anyways... but now
I have controlled myself, I... 
I am fine, I am leaving
take care of yourself
Rutba, you cannot do this. Uncle's everything is only mine
are you listening? Are you getting my point?
did you hear me, Altamash?
All praise to God... my daughter, my life...
finally she is about to become the dignity of my house today
All praise to God. Always stay happy & blessed
A daughter-in-law should be like her. Who changes everyone's fate as soon as she enters the house
Azka... won't you say anything?
congratulations to both of you
what else can I say?
anyways... lets accept your congratulation
after all, you've suffered through a lot
you've been through so many stages
Call the priest
come Rutba
lets begin our beautiful life
lets start the story from the same moment where we had ended it
But... I haven't brought my mother's jewelry and the documents of the lands & properties along with me
what do you mean? I didn't get it
I mean... you are giving me so much
the property documents... In fact, you've put Azka's jewelry in my feet
But, I have nothing to give you
what are you saying?
uncle's wealth, bank balance, this house... everything is yours
I have given all of it in the trust
Whatever you have is enough for me
what is this joke, Altamash?
have you brought us here to get us humiliated?
how is this possible that Rutba shall transfer he everything in someone else's name without our permission?
We are here to wed off Mehr Ali Khan's daughter
not some orphan girl!
Rutba, you cannot do this. Uncle's everything is only mine
are you listening? Are you getting my point?
did you hear me, Altamash?
how does a slap sounds when fate slaps on a person's face
what were you thinking?
that I will be dreaming of spending my life with a disgusting man like you
I will bring my everything to you, in order to spend my life with such a conservative & disgusting person?
I never used to think that you are so fool
how can I see the dreams of living with you, Altamash?
Khursheed had taught me the real meaning of dreams
Khursheed told me the real value of living a life
that value isn't wealth, house, properties or lands
that value is conscience
if one's conscience is satisfied
the satisfaction of its soul, respect...
if I have truly loved someone in my life
then its Khursheed
what is your worth?
that I will bring along my everything to spend my life with you
Rutba
you aren't doing the right thing
what have I done as of yet?
I haven't done anything as of yet, Altamash
that moment is in front of my eyes like a deep wound
when you had insulted my respectful father for no reason, and had divorced me
Rutba Mehr Ali Khan spits on your fake love, and on your conservative thinking
get lost from here!
because today, Rutba Mehr Ali Khan has taken her father's revenge
get lost!
Rutba...
Altamash!
how dare you to talk about marriage with my wife in my absence?
your wife?
you have divorced her
he has divorced you, right?
I will pull out your tongue if you will utter any such word again
She is my wife, and she will remain my wife
get lost from here!
enough is enough! lets go Bazil
you haven't done the right thing, Rutba
you deserve it!
I will remember your each & every favor
I will never forget
I did enmity with you in my entire life
but today, you've taught me the biggest lesson of my life
Rutba, you have taught me that...
an actual person is that one who cares about his enemy as well
please forgive me
do you still have a doubt?
please...
Stay happy & happily married in your house with your husband
Khursheed!
what did you just said?
you really like to create a scene, and insulting people!
you didn't even think of your father once?
I did all this to take the revenge of my father's grief
whatever I did with them, they deserve it!
I don't think so that I have done anything wrong
You use your father's name in order to calm down the fire of your hatred
you should be ashamed
after deceiving people, doing false promises of wedding & gathering so many people. Then you say that you did all this for your father!
No...
you did all of this to satisfy your false ego
and for that you had lied big time that I am feeling ashamed while thinking of it
lie?
which lie have I told?
tell me, which lie?
why did you tell everyone that I had divorced you?
answer me!