I started? You have started it Azka.
Till you were in this house you used to make fuss in the house. You like to make noise and have fun.
Now have gone there to Altamash by getting him after so mucn difficulties.
Even then you are making noise and crying.
But you are dear to him. Isn't this a regard for you?
You say this.
Khurshid never said such thing to me.
What? What he didn't say?
What do you want to hear?
That he likes me or he loves me.
Rutba don't you understand language of his eyes?
No.
Why do I understand? He doesn't understand anything? Nothing.
For example? What is not understandable for you?
That the relation among us needs words.
This relation is dependent on expression of words.
You say that Khurshid likes me and loves me.
I accept it but he never expressed this to me.
Whether it's his honor, his ego, his naughty nature or any desire to test me.
I don't know but I accept.
Because my dad say same things as you are saying to me.
Then I will wait. I will wait that Khurshid will express his love for me by himself.
He express through words that he loves me.
I know that one day he will say to me that he likes me and he loves me.
And what will be your reply at that time Rutba?
My reply will be that whatever I have learned, I have learned it from Khurshid.
Then it is patience, endurance or love.
It was a very beautiful day today, everyone is smiling since morning whether it's students or teachers.
The purpose of coming here today in not only to play and have fun but to realize about this fact that beauty of life is in changing "No" into "Yes".
In converting thorns into flowers and sorrows into peacefulness.
In defeating the defeats and move towards success.
And in observing the lives of those people which we have seen on the way.
The place where no one can even imagine to live, today all those routes are densely populated. Why?
Because behind that there was hard work of people and their passion to do something.
Just like we are here to celebrate your successes, all of this is because your hard work and passion.
And no doubt because of Almighty who considered us to do this and chose us among billions.
I am hopeful that we will return from here with so much learning and so much takings.
You are not only students but friends as well. And in friendship some things are learned and some things are taught.
Just keep one thing in mind that expensive cars, expensive dress don't make man a successful man
If you know the skill to conquer the world through education and bright thinking then no matter if you are wearing a simple dress or a simple watch.
People will be forced to respect you from bottom of their hearts.
And remember one thing my friends that only pure and proper things comes true in every test of life.
Can I help you?
No, we don't want to make you cry, we have brought you here as a chief guest.
If you will deal with these coals then your eyes will get red and hands will become black.
And we want to see Mrs. Khurshid Hasan shining and beautiful.
Do you know what, if any job is done with love and sincerity then it doesn't make any difference whether eyes become red and hands black.
So, give it to me.
It's right.
Definitely.
Just keep one thing in mind that expensive cars, expensive dress don't make man a successful man.
If you know the skill to conquer the world through education and bright thinking then no matter if you are wearing a simple dress or a simple watch.
People will be forced to respect you from bottom of their hearts.
And remember one thing my friends that only pure and proper things comes true in every test of life.
What are you thinking by sitting here alone?
That how good you speak, everyone become quiet when you talk.
I wish, I could speak like this.
Do you know that silence has it's own language.
Let me tell you one thing.
You also say so much through your eyes.
Just try to convert that into words.
How long will this argument of saying or not saying anything?
Until you become Rutba Khurshid Hasan instead of Rutba Meher Ali. Till that time this argument will go on.
Both of you please come quickly, dinner is served.
Altamash, you should have thought before slapping Azka.
She is your aunt's daughter and now she has support of brother Meher Ali, she is not an ordinary, orphan girl who will bear this behavior of yours.
I did the right thing. Uncle has given her a few acres, sometime she competes with me and sometime with Rutba.
She doesn't understand that crown can't compete neither with swan nor with eagle.
Be courageous my son.
When sweeper marries to king then she becomes a queen and considers herself a queen.
Be flexible, women treated gently not with strictness.
She used to love me immensely.
Now she is learning cleverness and sharpness. I did right to slap her and I have reminded her real worth to her.
I have known her really well.
The people who dream to rule the world by taking support of love they only get disability.
Why are you talking like crazy? Come on, let's go and convince her to come back here.
Now.
Let her stay there for now.
I am breathing freely now.
Are you mad? What if brother Meher Ali knew about it?
So? What will uncle do?
Uncle is not our ruler.
Altamash doesn't listen to anyone. He says his words and listens to himself.
I will have to convince Azka to come back here myself.
I never did all of this Khurshid.
I don't know why, I want to do all of this and I want that I know how to do it.
I want that I know to do everything and then I want that there is someone, who is mine and I may do everything for him.
Then I want that he would say that Rutba Meher Ali Khan you know the skill to win hearts.
How are you?
I am fine.. Do I serve lunch?
Has food arrived?
No, and there is no need to either bring or ask someone to bring that ever again.
I will cook that myself.
Get fresh, I am serving lunch.
What?
What do you mean by "What"?
Why are you looking at me like this? Can't I cook food?
Rutba, you can do everything, why will I under estimate you?
Let me get fresh. I am starving.
What happened?
Nothing, I was thinking that why did you bother to cook all of this? I bring food daily.
By eating that low quality food from that canteen. My taste buds are spoiled because of that. After eating that it seems like some butcher has cooked it.
I have decided that whatever may happen, I will cook food myself.
OK, as you wish.
But don't complain later that I forced Rutba Meher Ali Khan to work in kitchen.
Why will I complain for the work which I will do happily with my will?
But you signed the Nikah Nama (Marriage Certificate) happily with your will.
What is this?
Hey
If you taunt me ever again on this matter then...
Then?
Then you will have to eat the food of that canteen for the rest of your life.
No, please forgive me.
I don't want to eat that canteen food for the rest of my life.
Please return my precious food to me.
I am very hungry.
How is the food?
It's like that if will have to eat this for the rest of my life then I won't complain.
It's a lie.
Our relation is based on this thing that neither I lie to you nor you lie to me.
My hand.
I will leave if you want.
Are you compelled to obey me?
You don't your own will?
My will?
I am afraid because the idols of ego have broken after clashing with stone idol.
If this happened again then neither ego will remain nor the dignity. So I thought to obey the idol.
How do you talk such difficult things?
If difficult things reach the heart then it feels good.
Oho
So you have the intention to reach the heart.
And that too by feeding me canteen food daily.
But you never said to me that Rutba let's go out for dinner at some good place. But you didn't say that as well.
It means that if I will ask you then you will do that. You can't do anything on your own and can't say anything on your own.
Rutba, I am going with students and will return in the evening. There is a good restaurant nearby, it's food is really good.
Will you go there with me?
I have cooked this food with so much difficulty, at least eat this.
Have some more.
Maybe we will get late on return.
Rutba is alone here, what if you take care of her?
You will have her thoughts whole day with you. I will just say hi to her.
Thanks i will be really grateful to you.
I think this house is haunted.
Both sisters are behaving like enemies as if they are not my children but strangers.
It maybe someone's bad wish.
Go and advise your mad daughter that don't argue with me.
Rather than to support me she spoils my mind more.
My mind is spoiled by Altamash.
My mental state is destroyed mom, how will I live my life?
Greetings sister
Greetings, Azka my dear.
You came here without informing me?
If there was any problem and any complain then you should have told me.
I am not a stranger, I am your aunt.
Hmm
Ronaq, you and Azka are only spring in my life.
If you started to get angry due to such minor things than lest our happiness may get angry with us. Did you ever think about it.
What will these emotional dialogues do aunt?
The reality is this that Alatamash doesn't even know what is my importance in his life?
Until Altamash won't give me respect and importance to me 
till then I won't give importance to this relationship.
In which tone your are talking to your aunt?
I can't talk sweetly after getting that slap mom.
I am here to apologize on behalf of Altamash.
Let's go my child, don't get angry on such minor things.
I am here to take you back. Go with me.
Sister there is no need of your apology.
But this is not that minor thing that we can forget.
Azka is absolutely right.
She will only go with Altamash.
But, Altamash's apology is mandatory.
And his promise that it won't happen again.
You are right, he would definitely come but he has gone to visit lands and asked me to bring Azka back.
My child it's our domestic matter and it will be resolved there as well.
Let's go with me, good girl.
No aunt, Altamash will have to come to take me back.
And he will have to apologize to me as well.
Hello
Greetings Rutba, how are you?
I am fine.
I am happy.
You should be happy.
You have gone away from greed, cheating and lies.
I have heard that you live in a small and ordinary house.
You are lucky.
You are living your life with peace, satisfaction and happiness.
What do you want to say? Say it clearly.
Listen Rutba, you couldn't get married to Altamash and your Nikah also ended.
Not only uncle's tricks and Altamash's foolishness was the reason for that but there is cleverness and conspiracies.
Whose conspiracies?
My mom, I mean your aunt and Azka.
Do you know, what are you saying?
I know it very well what I am saying.
Now listen that what has happened to you.
Azka loves Altamash since her childhood.
She didn't want to see anyone else with him.
I thought that you should have known these things.
So I told you.
Rutba, where are documents and jewelry?
I will safely take these to Altamash and aunt before your wedding.
Where are documents and jewelry Rutba?
You are taking Altamash's name who agreed to marry Azka in greed of getting the land and you want to sell yourself to that buyer?
He is not that worthy.
Excuse me I will be back.
Greetings
Greetings, how are you?
Thanks to God, are your students ready?
Yes students are ready as well as very excited.
I am sure that you and your students will return victorious.
God willing, I hope so.
Miss Tazmeen, I wanted to request you.
Go ahead.
Actually, we can get late on return.
Rutba is alone here, what if you take care of her.
You will have Rutba's thoughts all day with you. I can just meet and greet her.
Thanks, I will be really grateful to you.
This bright face is telling good news, I think the trust of your relation and love is there.
I didn't see such kind of smile on your face before today.
The friends like you are a lucky charm for any person.
Who understand the inner feeling without even saying or listening anything.
You always supported me in sorrow as well as in happiness.
Thank you so much.
I am going, we are getting late. Take care of yourself. Bye.
Greetings, what's up?
Is Mrs. Khurshid Hasan speaking?
A guest name Mr. Altamash wants to meet you. Can I send him to your house?
Mrs. Khurshid.
Yes send him.
How are you?
Won't you ask me to come in?
Rutba, this place is not up to your standards. How are you living your life here?
The supports which considered mandatory to live, perhaps those were not important.
People live in forests as well.
But flowers die.
Beautiful thing has it's own place.
I am feeling sad to see you here in this condition.
So why are you here, to see me in sorrow?
I was going to visit lands then I thought to meet you.
Perhaps I wanted to see this that do you want to see me or not?
You asked me to come here, it means that you wanted to see me.
Yes I wanted to see you.
I wanted to see you from head to toe.
I wanted to see that are you still that charming?
Is there still same brightness in your eyes and magic in your words.
I wanted to see that are you still the same Altamash whom Rutba Meher Ali khan loved immensely.
Yes Rutba.
I am the same Altamash who was crazy for you.
And still loves you and wants to be your companion.
Just say "Yes" once then we will go back to our world where there were only me and you.
Where there was neither any Khurshid nor Azka.
Is this possible Altamash?
Of course
Till breaths remain in our body and heartbeats in our hearts.
Then everything is possible.
Just say "Yes" once, I will make every impossible thing possible.
Sorry
Khurshid asked me to take care of you.
Rutba, tell me if you need anything.
Thanks miss Tazmeen, he is my cousin Altamash.
He came here to meet me.
But now.
He is going back.
Won't you see off till my car? We don't know when will we meet?
Sure.
Altamash, don't come here again.
I allowed you to come because Khurshid was not at home, if he would have at home then you wouldn't get permission.
You are Rutba Meher Ali.
Are you scared of Khurshid?
You wouldn't have informed Azka about it. She must be unaware of this.
Everyone will know about this one day.
Be brave.
I have done so, that's why I have met with you otherwise I would think a hundred times before meeting you.
I knew that Khurshid is not here that's why I came here without hesitancy.
Next time I will call you before I come.
By the way Rutba, to meet with me, you don't have to think. Just need to kill your ego nor your courage.
Miss Tazmeen, I have a request from you. 
Yes, what's up?
I don't want Khurshid to know about Altamash's visit.
OK
Thank you. Thank you so much.