keep all of your things outside with you
 I will not open the door for you daily, so that you can come in & get your things
neither I was snoring like you the entire night
 just a while ago I had slept, and here you are asking for your things
a peaceful sleep is also a blessing, not everyone can enjoy it
 but yes the sleep of negligence is a torment
We'll see the rest of the work tomorrow, I'll explain it to your tomorrow. You guys can leave now
Sir Khursheed, the principal is calling you in his room
I'm coming
Khursheed Hasan, Mr. Saim has told me that a lady came here yesterday
yes sir
even though Saim had tried a lot to inquire, but still she didn't mentioned her relationship with you
that lady is inside your cottage since yesterday
Can I know, how is she related to you?
yes sir, she is my wife. Rutba Mehr Ali
but Khursheed, at the time of the interview you had mentioned that you are single
yes sir, I was at that time. But until joining I became double
Good! So this job is lucky for you
so when are you giving the treat to the staff?
what?
absolutely! its a tradition here that we share happiness & grief together
at least a biscuit & a pastry with tea
No sir, its not like that. I will give you a party at my home
that's great! So we'll wait for your invitation
Sure sir
Can I leave now?
Hi Tazmeen, are you going home?
yes, since I don't have any class now so I thought of going home
I didn't see Mr. Khursheed today
he went home early. I have heard that he is busy in setting his house
haven't you seen his wife?
Mrs.?
yes! he was telling the principal that his wife came over
Strange, you haven't met her
I had met her just like that, but the detailed introduction couldn't happen
I have heard that Mr. Khursheed is giving a treat to everyone at his house
its a good thing. See you, I am leaving
Bye!
Greetings! Sir Khursheed has sent this
what is this?
its lunch
where is he?
I don't know, but he said that he has to go for some important work
Okay, you may go
Greetings! How are you? Sorry, I got a bit late as I was getting ready & looking after Azka
thank you so much for coming, please sit
Greetings, how are you?
have you got ready?
yes
tell me honestly
am I glowing?
I am looking more beautiful that Rutba, right?
if you really want to look beautiful
then remove Rutba from your mind
until she will stay within you, you will not get the real happiness
I have already got my share of happiness
I haven't left anything for Rutba
why the groom's family hasn't come as of yet?
they must be coming
alright then let me take your pictures
what is this?
its written here, its called instant geyser
a small effort to fulfill the rights of my wife who used to spend a luxurious life
don't stay in any delusion about me
even if you will bring the moon & the stars from the sky
Still, you cannot spend a happy married life with me
therefore, don't keep any stupid desire ok?
maybe you are having a misunderstanding about me, Rutba
whatever I am doing is not to make you happy
clean your mind, no matter how much efforts you have to do
because its not easy to clean a few things
I am not as fool as you think
what do you think? Can't I see... this marriage announcements
dinners, to invite people at home, to call friend over, to celebrate happiness. What is all this?
I am warning you! if you keep on doing this then you will get so much insulted that you won't be able to handle its burden
why you came here?
to make your life a living hell!
leave my life for me, and focus on your life
whatever you want to do, and you feel is appropriate. Do it
I will arrange a car for you in the morning
Why?
you are going back to Karachi
that's your destination
say it clearly
that you cannot afford to keep your wife with you
and who are you to decide my destination?
my choice, wherever and whenever I shall go. And do whatever I wish to
Fine!
I won't stop you
where are you going at this hour?
why do you care? Mind your own business
Rutba! what is this drama? Where are you going?
Rutba, what... 
Rutba Ali daughter of Mehr Ali Khan do you accept the wedding, with alimony of 10 Lacs?
I accept
today is Monday Come to Mehr Ali house on Thursday evening with guests & take away your wife
She came back empty hands from the mansion 
she says that she isn't so stupid to transfer all her things on your name & becomes dependent on you!
 End this spectacle 
Okay uncle, lets end it then
listen to me very carefully I am divorcing Rutba
you cannot do this, Altamash
Rutba, I divorce you!
I divorce you! 
I divorce you!
this is not the right time for these thoughts, Altamash
don't live in your past
we have to live in our present
Rutba isn't my forgotten desire
Rutba is my madness!
and madness never becomes a past
it always stays as a future
we are going for Azka's departure ceremony
bury such thoughts in your heart over here
I am not going for Azka's departure ceremony
I am going to do the trade of Saeedpur's land
I am going to revert uncle's conspiracy on him
always remember.. 
then its fraud with Azka & Ronaq
its the answer of deceit
please take it uncle
please start
Rutba hasn't come as of yet
she must be inside her room, let me call her. Rutba.. 
the dinner is served, come
Come Rutba, sit
See, your aunt has sent your favorite meals
today is Azka's wedding with a lot of pageantry
Altamash is going to marry her with his happiness & consent
according to your desire & order
you haven't told me this, dad
yes! somehow its correct but
the problem is that, others have always honored my desires & orders than my own child
hello! yes Rasheeda. Yes, I have reached here safely
what!
who told you this?
I'm coming
is everything Ok, uncle?
Altamash had an accident, his condition is critical. I have to go
Altamash had an accident, his condition is critical. I have to go
Khursheed, I have to leave immediately
I can understand uncle, otherwise I would have never let you go so late night
dear, I know that I have put you in a very big trial
its your generosity that still you are meeting me with a smile
I can feel the pain hidden behind your smile
but a compelled father's heart makes him selfish
I will only say to you to take very good care of Rutba
keep forgiving her mistakes
it will be your very big favor on a helpless father
uncle, why are you making me feel guilty? Rutba is my responsibility
dear, this amount is for you and.. 
no uncle please, I cannot take this from you
Rutba is my child, I am her father
I know that her needs comes under the category of luxuries
keep it dear, I cannot burden you more than your tolerance power
dad!
don't do this favor on me
whatever deal is done between you both, my name shouldn't come in it
I don't need anyone's favor
that Rutba has died whose needs used to come in the list of luxuries
I am married to a very ordinary person
therefore... 
I will decide my needs accordingly
I don't need anything from anyone
if I have done this marriage for your wealth & money
then I should have stayed there, I wouldn't have come here
I don't need anything from anyone
she is very stupid
come, let me drop you
Azka, come quickly
Arfa!
what happen, mom?
what happened?
I am sending back the guests, as we are postponing the wedding
what's with you? What as such is the problem that you are postponing the wedding?
its almost a doom's day Azka, please listen to me with some courage
Altamash's car had an accident
he got hit by a tanker, his condition is very critical. He is in the ICU
I am directly going to the hospital. Take her inside, & make her change the clothes
just pray that nothing happens to Altamash, Go!
Azka, lets go inside
what happen, Azka? lets go inside
Azka, come back into your senses & come inside
Rutba is my child, I am her father
I know that her needs comes under the category of luxuries
keep it dear, I cannot burden you more than your tolerance power
they have taken Altamash to the operation theatre, I think he is badly injured
this is what you wanted
it was heartiest desire
you had prayed for it
evil eye!
all of this had happened because of your ominous talks
you are talking rubbish in grief
control yourself! You should be praying right now
and you should rot in hell!
get out of my room!
maybe you want to hear the truth
you want me to show you the mirror of reality right now as well
then listen Azka
its called Karma
its time for you to reap the seed you have sown
so don't take out its anger on others
you wanted to snatch Rutba's happiness, right?
now your happiness has been snatched
so why are you complaining now?
get out of here! Get lost... I don't need you!
leave!
Rutba... Rutba... Rutba!
oh!  whatever you use, we don't get those things here
Since its an imported item, therefore its not available in the small markets
Fine, then order it online
yes, tell me the list let me order it
by the way...
what will be its price?
almost twenty five to thirty thousand
please pray
Bakht Khan, how is Altamash now?
brother...
the operation is completed
they have put a rod in his leg, also one arm got fractured
there was a massive blood loss, therefore he will stay in the ICU for 24 hours
don't worry, he is a young boy. God willing he will recover soon
Sanober, show some courage everything will be fine
my son, my Altamash.. Don't know whose evil eye has affected our happiness
everything will be fine
Ronaq, may God keep your daughter's husband safe
may He bless him with good health & life
Amen
let me speak to the doctor, as I know some of the doctors here
I will let you know after talking to them in detail, Ok?
have courage, and if you need anything then do let me know without any hesitation
you have been awake the entire night
and that too in the grief of that person
who didn't pitied you a bit while killing your happiness
why are you talking about others?
dad & you had given me such a pain, which will never end
all of this was your & my father's planned conspiracy
what do you think, I don't get it?
yes...
Altamash got stuck into my father's trap
unintentionally...
but now its my choice
whether I shall complain him, hate him...
or I shall bear the consequences of his mistakes
who are you to ask me this question?
Rutba, I am that person
whom you can curse as much as you can
you can put all the allegations on me
you can call me as bad as you want to
but I will never complain
just...
don't say anything to your father
I feel hurt
time doesn't wait for anyone
it will be good as soon as you understand it
otherwise only regret will be left
Greetings Samra, how are you?
absolutely fine, how are you?
I am also fine
ok listen, we are making a program to surprise Mr. & Mrs. Khursheed Hasan
All of us will reach there together on the evening tea, you also be ready
it would be better to inform Mr. Khursheed before going there
No, then it won't be a surprise anymore
Okay, we have decided the gift already. 
but what are you giving as a gift?
I? I have a new photo frame & wall hanging, so I will gift that
very nice! You also stay ready, all of us colleagues will reach over there around 5 pm along with the principal
Okay, bye!
haven't you gone to the college today?
if you say so then let me go to the college on Sunday as well
to teach an empty class
the breakfast is hot, eat it otherwise it will be wasted
do this much care of your next wife
my dearest son, I wish to sacrifice my life on you
all of your wounds will be fine
God willing you will be completely fine
Altamash, don't worry
I am with you
Rutba
he is under the influence of the medicines, therefore please don't mind if he says something inappropriate
Altamash, dear come back into your senses
kindly go outside as I have to do patient's checkup
yes
 Azka come
Rutba, I am going to the nearby market. Do let me know if you need anything
my shampoo & face wash is finished
bring that along with a few creams
oh!  whatever you use, we don't get those things here
Since its an imported item, therefore its not available in the small markets
Fine, then order it online
yes, tell me the list let me order it
by the way...
what will be its price?
almost twenty five to thirty thousand
whatever deal is done between you both, my name shouldn't come in it
I don't need anyone's favor
that Rutba has died whose needs used to come in the list of luxuries
I am married to a very ordinary person
therefore... I will decide my needs accordingly
I don't need anything from anyone
greetings uncle!
greetings, stay blessed
did you reach safely? How is Altamash?
Yes, everything is fine. Also Altamash is fine, and out of danger
Good!
I have transfer 50 lacs in your account, kindly check
but uncle I don't... 
Its your own money
its the annual profit of the land that I had transferred on your name
I have sent you the amount after doing all the calculations
there is no need for making any other excuse
Khursheed look, learn to know your right
keeping self-respect & ego aside, but whatever is yours will remain yours with complete honor & grandeur
I have transferred the amount in Rutba's account as well but...
that stubborn & stupid girl has left her card & cheque book over here
she has already thought of all the ways to punish her father
uncle, don't worry. I won't let Rutba suffer at all
No dear, I am not worried at all
but the pain through which she'll suffer, it will be because of her stubbornness & stupidity
I will try my best not to let Rutba face any difficulty
stay blessed
take care of my mother
your mother takes very good care of me
Khursheed, these pious souls came into this world to only take care of others
they hardly take anyone's favor
I know
pay my regards to mom
stay blessed
I think he is back
Greetings!
congratulations on your marriage, Mrs. Khursheed
I am Hasanabad college's principal Abdul Bari, and this is my teaching staff
won't you ask us to come inside, Mrs. Khursheed?
please come
Rutba's evil eye has affected us
and whose ominous evil eye has affected us, while Rutba & I was getting married
whose fire's spark it was which has turned everything into ashes
Altamash, you are not well
don't think so much
its enough for me that you are safe
come back home after getting completely recovered
I don't want anything else
nobody can snatch our happiness from us
I wish, I could share your injuries & pain with you
Azka
a person has to bear some pains alone
therefore, it would be better for you to leave me alone
No, its impossible!
aunty has given me special instructions for not leaving you alone
will you listen to her or me?
but...
Rutba
let me recover once
then I will fix everything!