I've been here for two days and Altmash didn't even call once. Also aunt could just have asked how I was but they couldn't even do this. This is the respect they're giving a new bride.
Azka learn to cool down your food before you eat. You snatched away Altmash, you didn't win him over. It'll take time.
Mom, I think he hasn't accepted me as his wife.
He just married the land that uncle gave me.
Azka you should apologize to Rutba. Maybe she could forgive you and you'll have a place in Altmash's heart.
Sre you out of your mind? Will I apologize to Rutba? Never. Tell her this. She gave me a lot of pain at one time.
She used to dominate Altmash.
What did she get? She was valued the same.
She fell down on her face, if you think about it. Where are you going? Your sister is here for a few days. Sit and talk to us or will you keep playing with that parrot.
Mom, I can spend good time with that innocent parrot. Here, I feel nauseated listening to her bitching or plottings.
Are you listening to her?
She cannot see us happy. And have you noticed? She's always supporting Rutba.
Azka, a person blessed by God realizes the difference between right and wrong. And mom,
why are you losing out on this blessing? I'm sad that my closest relations don't know the difference between right and wrong.
Mom make her quiet or else I'll kill her.
Azka control yourself. If you want to win Altmash over, make yourself a little soft.
Mom...
I can fix him. He only needs to forget Rutba. Do you know?
Even you can't understand.
Azka..
The temperature is high. I think we need the hospital. Probably by tonight.
Doctor, I don't want to be admitted in a hospital.
Why are you being stubborn? You're all alone here. You can need anyone here.
At least you'll have some feel around you in the hospital.
Azra is here.
No more arguments Tazmeen. We'll do as the doctor says. You're our responsibility.
I'll get your things and we'll go to the hospital with Mr. Khursheed right now.
Hello? How is my prince?
I'm absolutely fine mom. I cannot talk right now. I'm going to the hospital.
Hospital? Is everything alright? Why are you going?
Everything is alright mom. Miss Tasmeen isn't well. I'm taking her to the hospital.
Who is Miss Tasmeen?
She is my colleague mom. She teaches in the college with me.
Slright dear. Do ask her from my side as well. How is she?
Yes. Bye.
Do you need anything dear?
Dad was waiting for tea. I thought I'd bring it myself.
You go inside. I'll get tea going because until I make it myself, he won't like it.
What did Khursheed say?
There is some Ms. Tasmeen. He's taking her to the hospital since she's unwell. Do you know her?
Very well.
I'm sad to here about her health but since Khursheed is with her, she'll be fine soon.
Rutba..
Getting married is the most important chapter in a person's life. Life is different before one is married and after one is married,
everything changes. Khursheed isn't an ordinary person. Ordinary people are those who are governed by their greed.
No matter what they wear or where they live, their intentions are always to get things. This is the worth of an ordinary person. They're always greedy people with ill intentions.
Why are you telling me all this?
Because dear sometimes time saves these sketches in our mind.
And then we hear it often. I want,
you to remember my words. Always.
Dear, Khursheed is pure gold and people value gold. We shouldn't be tarnishing it with the dirt of rude attitude.
If you have accepted everything and taken to him, then honor your word so that he can value you for it.
When have I lived with him, dad?
Don't support him so much that you'll be embarrassed later? 
What are you saying? I hate false accusations as much,
as I hate a sinner. Think before you talk. You know me very well.
Not only me, but,
Khursheed has no interest me. Maybe be has found the girl he wanted.
What are you saying?
I'm right dad.
You have no idea what is Khursheed doing?
What did he do?
There is a teacher in college. Both of them like each other and they're very close.
Do you trust the words you're speaking?
Dad I think Khursheed doesn't have the courage to tell the truth but I know. Tasmeen likes him and he also likes to spend time with her.
As far as I'm concerned. Whether I'm here or not doesn't make a difference to him.
Have you now understood why I came back here being upset with him?
Get your things. We're going to Faisalabad in the morning.
But dad..
We'll discuss everything in front of Khursheed. You've accused him. His clarification is left.
How is she feeling now?
She's better now. The temperature is normal.
But we'll keep her under observation tonight and you can take her home tomorrow. This is the prescribed medicine for one week and then we'll start on with multivitamins.
Alright. Thank you.
Thank you. Bye.
Stop. You don't have to say anything. No formalities.
Please get some rest.
Those people I've always seen smiling, it hurts to see tears in their eyes.
Having such a big heart is very rare in this world.
And if we find it somewhere, its bound to bring tears in our eyes.
Don't take these tears as something bad.
They're truer than the smiles.
I shouldn't be asking you this but what is the reason being your solitude.
The same that I told you.
If good hearts are rare to find, people like solitude then.
After my dad passed away, my brother and I were each other's support. Nayab, my brother, loved me a lot.
But the person in his life didn't like that love. This is my story. Simple. Complete.
My brother and sister in law are in the armed forces and they're posted to different cities.
I got the chance to rescue my self respect. Then I got the lectureship and then I found you.
I'll just go call the nurse.
Rubta we'll leave after breakfast.
Dad.. 
Those who try to keep houses together, God brings them closer. This is your house.
You can be back whenever you want. But first you need to settle your heart down and its only possible when there are no misunderstandings.
Misunderstandings? Dad you don't trust me? You trust Khursheed more than me.
No dear.
Sometimes, trusting someone is the biggest asset in one's life and if they lose it, they have nothing. After the morning prayers,
when I put up my hands for prayers, I didn't know what to ask God for. Whether what you're saying is true or if its a lie.
I had to settle my heart down with a lot of difficulty. Lets leave. We'll see where we have arrived when we do. Then it'll calm us down.
Altmash didn't even call me once or ask me how I'm doing. He didn't even miss me.
He wants me to realize that I'm the only one who loves him and he, he's indifferent about everything. He doesn't bother.
Azka?
 Yes mom?
Why are you worrying yourself? Altmash is yours and Rutba has gone from his life. Everything will settle down gradually.
Mom...
I came here thinking that Altmash would realize my love for him when I'm not around. But this didn't happen.
In fact he made me realize that he doesn't even care about me. Its breaking me inside. I'm turning to ashes.
Don't turn into ashes Azka, turn into fire.
And a fire that is hidden behind a spark. People find out about that fire when they don't have a chance to breathe.
You're right.
No have breakfast and get ready. I'll take you there myself.
What are you saying? This is our insult?
What insult? Altmash is yours and the house too. Make a grand entry. People should know the lady of the house is back.
Hello.
Hello.
My son is looking good today.
May God cast away all evil eyes. All praise to the Lord. Where is my lion off to today?
Mom, I will only hunt for a while now. I've set my target, I just have to achieve it. I'm preparing for it.
What are your intentions?
Rutba..
I want to bring Rutba back in my life.
The story will start from where it had stopped.
If you have decided, don't let Ronak or Azka even get a hint about it.
I only want one thing from Azka. The land in Syedpur.
Don't make the mistake of thinking Azka is Rutba.
She made a mistake in understanding Altmash. The game uncle played with Azka and her mother, the price i s the land in Syedpur. They played the cat and mouse game with Altmash.
I'm a lion who hunts.
Oh, Azka and Ranuk. I'm so happy to see you. Come and have breakfast with us.
Sit dear.
How are you Azka?
Have something?
Oh, I'm not a guest. Not in this house. Not in your life.
You look good. Handsome. Smart but be careful. If you're mistaken, a hunter often turns into a prey.
Sughra, bring a hot cup of tea for me.
Yes mam.
Lets go. You've been relieved.
I don't know how to thank you.
I'll be happy if you don't thank me. I have to get you home and then I have to reach college.
Don't worry. The principal knows everything and was grateful to you.
Really? I think I'll have to take a basket to college today.
Why?
To gather all the thank yous.
Khursheed might be at college. I'll call him.
Dad what did you do to me? You think Khursheed is an angel. Not at all. He makes me cry tears of blood. Whatever I did, he forced me to do all this.
He thinks he's very educated and sensible and I'm nothing. Nothing to him.
If only Rutba you know the difference between good and bad. If you know the difference between coal and diamond and you can honor my Khursheed with a place in your heart.
This is Khursheed's place Rubta, If only you'd understand.
I cannot walk at all.
Uncle.. When did you come? You didn't tell me, I would have come to pick you myself..
I didn't slap you. This slap is for me.
I didn't expect this from you, Khursheed.
Miss Tasmeen, please go and rest. Please go.
Oh, Miss Tasmeen, you're back. How are you now?
I'm better.
The principal called the hospital. They said you had left for home with Mr. Khursheed. We were coming to see you.
Rutba, you're back. Please don't leave Mr. Khursheed alone. He becomes gloomy when you leave.
Please tell her not to bother Mr. Khursheed. There isn't a single respectable soul in our college like Mr. Khursheed.
Teachers, students, he has made everyone his fan. Miss Tasmeen was sick yesterday. He took her to the hospital.
He was awake in the corridor all night. I was there too but he sent me back.
Miss Rubta, nobody finds such angels. Please value him.
Can you please take me home?
Please come inside.
Uncle, I have to go to the college for an important lecture. If I don't go, the students will be in a loss.
Yes Khursheed. Please go. Nobody should earn a loss.
I had to ask you something.
Yes.
If your answer is a no, I'll think of myself as your criminal and if you say yes,
I'll try and support you. Do you like Miss Tasmeen?
Uncle, I'm in front of you. Until now, I've never ever thought about any such thing.
I'll leave now. I'm getting late.
Do you know what you did Rutba? You insulted your dad in his own eyes. I hit Khursheed Hassan.
Now I will never be able to see him or myself in the eye. The person who cannot see himself in the eye, cannot live for long.
Dad..
Why did you do this to me? You know I wouldn't be happy without Altmash.
You knew Khursheed and I were never made for each other and yet you pushed your daughter down a well. Why did you do this dad?
You jumped in a well Rutba. Your dad has only tried to hold you and he still is.
Your father's fault is that he doesn't clarify his love. You loved Altmash? Altmash, who..
punished you for something you didn't do. If you weigh love against wealth, it is devalued more than anything in the world. Its worthless than ashes.
You're dying for that Altmash who agreed to marry Azka only for the land in Syedpur.
You want to sell off your character for the person who isn't capable of that trust. The night you secretly took your mother's jewelry,
and the papers of your father's property. That day your father not only forgave you for that materialistic deed but he also forgave you if you killed him. Only so that you could be happy.
You knew it dad.
I know Altmash worth since day one. He sold himself in installments every passing moment.
Your father just wanted to buy your happiness in return but I couldn't do that.
I got you married to Khursheed so that he could offer you a shade after your dad to save you from this greedy world.
Do you even know what is Khursheed for you? He's the guarantee that you'll be happy all your life. He is the man who has loved you ever since he was a child.
He loves you.
And his love isn't greedy like Altmash's. This love grew from the innocent seed that your mother planted,
that he tried to hide from himself as well.
He never even looked at you. He was never a cheater. Never disloyal.
Today you accused Khursheed Hassan. It isn't a good deed. Today I saw your dishonest aunts in you.
The father who always wanted you to be educated and to be brought up well, he's embarrassed of himself. If you can, apologize to Khursheed.