congratulations!
congratulations brother Bazil
my son... heartiest congratulations!
congratulations to you too!
you are way too late!
Sir, he entered forcefully
we tried so hard to stop him
and sir, he has beaten us as well
Altamash please, don't say anything to him
otherwise, dad's anger will outrage
I will talk to him myself
how you have shattered uncle's love & trust
didn't your heart trembled for a moment?
dad had fixed my wedding with Altamash
this marriage had to happen in the future as well, so what's the big deal if it had happened today?
and you also get this thing in a nice manner
that I haven't done anything wrong
you have to come with me right away
uncle has called
how dare you talking about taking my wife with you in front of me & that too in my house!
not Rutba
but your corpse will go from this house
Fine!
I accept it
either Rutba will go
or my corpse!
Altamash! stop
let Rutba go with Khursheed
if brother has called, then Rutba will go for sure
your daughter hasn't done the right thing with me, Sajida
a daughter not only ruins her father's trust
but his honor as well, when she...
crosses the boundary of her house without seeking permission
what are you saying, mom?
just now we have got married, why shall I send her to uncle?
don't be crazy, Altamash! 
As of yet, we have got completed half of our motive
only Rutba has become yours
brother's wealth & properties are still way too far from our reach
Altamash look! We cannot ruin our relationship with him right now
right now, Rutba came here with her consent & happiness
therefore, the entire blame will not come on us
but if we will stop Rutba, then brother will shift the entire blame on us
after that, don't know what step he will take in anger
my dear look! Rutba is yours now
let her go
you'll see, he will handover her to us with his own hands
and that too as per our conditions
and now we will not only take Rutba from him
but also the documents of the properties in Rutba's name
mom, I haven't seen her completely as of yet
dear, you have got an entire life
 you can see her as much as you want to
show some patience right now
earlier, I was so scared
but now it feels that...
I have touched the sky in one go
Rutba
my dear, everything is in your hands now
you have to get the lands & properties transferred in your name from uncle
all of this is ours
if not today but tomorrow we will get everything
but now you come soon to take me
now you have got complete right on me
dad won't be able to stop me
I will come soon to take you
but listen to me very carefully about what I want
our marriage is half victory
We will get the complete victory after getting everything from your father
I really don't want you to go from here
then stop me
try stopping me once
I will stay with you for life time over here
Sometimes, in order to achieve big targets one needs to give small sacrifices
you go
go & get your right from uncle
what have I done?
what!
why did I go there with her?
what was the need for me to take Rutba to Altamash?
neither I would have taken her to Altamash, nor this marriage would have happened
even you didn't stopped me, why didn't you explain me?
Azka, what's done is done!
what is the benefit of getting restless by crying?
Azka, whatever it is.. at least its best for you
now you will be able to think better for yourself. Forget Altamash
No!
I cannot forget Altamash
He is my love
till date, has someone forgotten their love?
mom, did you see her? She has become so crazy
why don't you explain her anything?
I will die. Dad, I won't spare you!
all of you are killers of my happiness
Ronaq, control yourself. What is this madness!
nobody is your enemy, we are your loved ones and we want your betterment
nobody wants my betterment! I will destroy everyone
all of you have ruined my happiness
I will destroy! I will never forgive!
dad, remember... I will question each & everyone
I won't spare you! I won't. I will never forgive you
how much time is left?
I am tired
after all, why dad has called us there?
maybe he had to congratulate you
maybe you get some big reward
really!
you have already got the reward of your boot licking & flattery, No?
then why are you having a problem?
do you want something else which you didn't got?
I do want something else?
Still you didn't get what does one want after your departure from your in-laws house after getting married?
please stop your non-sense
only I have the right on my father's entire wealth. As I am his only daughter
there is a lot of difference in taking your own right & to steal someone's right
how cleverly you have got that land transferred in your name & nobody even got a hint 
what do you think? Don't I know who brain washes my dad against me & Altamash?
I will not answer you for any of your blame
we give answers to those who have any importance
and you are nowhere near in between me & uncle
and remember this
I had asked you how much time is left?
2 hours!
still 2 hours?
I am so tired, I am hungry, also thirsty and... 
I want tea as well
why not? there should be a dinner in the joy of your marriage from my side, but it should happen
it seems that you are not happy at all about my marriage
otherwise, you would have congratulated
after all, you are my cousin
I would have congratulated you for sure
if this marriage would have happened as per uncle's consent
and I feel so strange, that how happy you are after hurting your father
if I had such a father, then I would have respected & honored him a lot
You got so much of love without asking for it
without any hard work you have all the blessings luxuries in your house that thousands of people don't have
you are taking undue advantage of your father's love, Rutba
you need an advise instead of congratulations!
stop your advise
I know you are jealous
you are just jealous of everything
you have always shifted every blame on my head
and I have tolerated everything happily
but all of this is useless now
anyways.. 
whether I had congratulated you for your marriage or not
I have given you a treat for sure, so stay witness to it
lets go now, we are getting late
dad
dad, I am sorry... 
you have killed your father!
now if you see him walking & breathing
then think that its your delusion
dad
but dad, I haven't committed any sin
some blood is not shed on the ground
but it happens
by burning your father's love & trust
you have lighten Altamash's ego & stubbornness
remember!
now in the same light you will see all those faces
which your father had tried to hide from you
go!
go & do rest, as you have already made your father sleepless
uncle
please forgive me, because of my mistake
I have taken all the mistakes on my head
you also go & rest, you must be tired
its not an easy task to take the burden of someone else
mom.. 
come sit
here comes our groom
Sanober, look.. he is looking so fresh
why he won't look fresh? After all, our prince has won the battle
mom, as of yet I have passed one exam
there are other trials left
now we have to see what will uncle do
he will give us tough time by putting restrictions on Rutba
but now I won't honor any restrictions imposed by uncle
Rutba is only mine
if uncle tried to do anything wrong
then I will give a brick for a stone
good!
I'm leaving
yes uncle, did you call me?
I have called the lawyer
whatever I have transferred in Rutba's name till date
I am taking it back
Rutba will go empty hands from her father's house
to her in-laws house
we have to distribute the sweets in the entire neighborhood, after all my son has got married
and that too with Mehr Ali Khan's daughter
its not an ordinary thing
the bride will bring happiness & blessings in this house, madam
my Altamash's bride is the ocean of happiness & joy
you'll see, how my Altamash will live a luxurious life. God willing
after all he has become the son-in-law of Mehr Ali Khan
now his loftiness will be very different
All praise to God, my son is not less than any Prince
and sister you?
are you less than a queen? We had always respect you from the bottom of our heart
and now after Rutba's wedding, the loftiness of your family has increased. Honestly!
aunty, where is Altamash?
he has gone to distribute the sweets among his friends
sister, have you decided to inform everyone?
so, what else?
this was the reason I had experienced a lot of difficulty for this marriage
so that brother Mehr Ali shall come under pressure & shall wed off Rutba with us
once the matter will spread in the family, then only it will get out of control from brother's hands
sister
you are very well aware of brother's stubbornness
if he comes on his stubbornness, then he can change everything
his stubbornness is very cruel
that was his sister's matter, Ronaq
and this is his daughter's matter
yes... and that daughter, which is aorta
brother must have got a big shock
he must have swerved in pain
but this time he'll accept the defeat, you'll see Ronaq
his daughter's love will win over his stubbornness
please sit, let me send the tea
let me inform the driver to whom he has to to give the sweets
come sit
Sir, I am keeping your luggage in the car
Okay
come Khursheed
uncle, did you call me? Is everything alright? Are you going somewhere?
yes dear, I am going to Karachi
and Rutba?
Rutba will stay here, as well as you
this time her mistake is not as such to be ignored
She has to take the burden of her decisions herself
I..
I will call Rubta to Karachi after talking to Sanober & Altamash
until then take care of her
uncle, I have disappointed you once but...
this time I will not give you a chance to complain
don't worry, Rutba is my responsibility
dear, you are very precious to me
you have supported me in every situation
even you are very important for me, uncle
I have learn how to live from you
I respect you a lot
stay blessed dear, I am leaving
Nisar Ali
yes Mr. Shah?
have you sorted the land related matters with the lawyer?
yes sir
I am going to the city, Rutba & Rasheed are here
take care of them
don't worry, Mr. Shah
dad
dad...
Rutba
dad
Rutba, where are you going?
dad..
Rutba
Rutba!
dad
Rutba
dad, please stop
Rutba!
Rutba!
leave me!
don;t touch me
I hate you!
you can hate me as much as you want to
but don't forget that you are just a responsibility for me
the respect that is there in between us is because of uncle
and I tolerate all of your actions because of him
lie! complete lie!
you don't love my father at all
its all drama
don't I understand?
you want a share in my father's wealth and you are waiting for it. That's why you want to marry me as well
aunt Rasheeda & you want to make a castle of your dreams upon the basis of my deceased mother's innocent wish
Rutba!
I won't hear a single word against my mother
you can abuse me, curse me
you can say bad things to me
but not a single word against my mother
no doubt it was my late aunt's desire, but never ever think that I wish to marry you
with such thinking, you are good to go with a greedy person like Altamash
no matter how ordinary I am, still my thinking is so good
and you cannot fit into it
don't know what do you think of yourself!
you have no comparison with my Altamash
his servants are also better than you
you...
are you missing Rutba?
yes
I don't understand my mother's decision
I don't know why she has sent her back
I couldn't even see her properly after the marriage
She was looking so pretty, right?
her beauty & her eyes are stuck on my mind
there was love, expressions & desires in her eyes
she wanted to say a lot, also she wanted to hear so many things
oh mom...
why did you send her back
now her phone is also off
its impossible to contact her
uncle, how much more oppression you will do?
I will take the revenge of everything
I will take the revenge of each & every matter
don't ever consider yourself alone or helpless
I am with you at every moment
I mean.. I, my mother & aunt
all of us are with you
soon Rutba will be with me as well
hey, why not?
not only Rutba but her entire wealth as well
you have killed two birds with one stone
by the way, if your lover is rich
so does she look more beautiful?
yes
such kind of wife keeps a husbands head high with pride
alright then, lets go on a dinner in the joy of your marriage
without Rutba?
hey! our friendship also mean something
what's the big deal if Rutba is not here?
her discussion will be there
yes... true that
I also want to discuss Rutba
a lot of discussion
let's go then. Let me get my bag
come on
sister, I think you should talk to brother
the entire day has passed since Rutba has gone, and brother hadn't contacted
its not a good sign
No Ronaq, its better to stay quiet now
brother is taking out his anger on Rutba
and its better for us
the more time will pass
he will realize that the snake has already passed
and now there is no use of crying over spilt milk
No sister, I don't think so that brother will accept this reality so easily
as far as the matter is concerned about transferring the wealth & lands on Altamash's name
its like the same example, "to snatch away the sugarcane from an elephant's mouth"
we have already snatched the girl from him
we'll show him how to take the lands & properties too
don't worry Ronaq
we'll take the revenge of your each & every wound
that's right brother Bazil, you have snatched the girl already
but if she will come without wealth & properties
So, what is the benefit of you people in it?
oh my dear brother... the peace of my eyes
Bazil, move forward.. greet him & give him a hug
one should save their chest from the people who attack on your back
Such people take away the heart after slitting off the chest
and hey don't give you a hint even
how dare you people got my daughter married by calling her here fraudulently & that too without my consent?
brother Mehr Ali, I had explained you
at present, the children are at the most innocent phase of their lives
their emotions are way too dangerous than the waves of a rough sea
but you didn't listen to me
now see, what they did!
even I & Bazil were unaware of it
Rutba had compelled Altamash
she doesn't accept the restrictions imposed on her by you
she came here by breaking all the restrictions
and we didn't had any other option except for accepting our children happiness
you are lying, Sanober!
Clear lie!
you, your husband & your son are fraudster, dishonest & liar people
uncle!
you are forgetting that today you are not standing in your sister's house, but in your daughter's in-laws house
I am not forgetting, Altamash
you did the mistake
and be ready for the consequences
you cannot threaten me
I am your daughter's husband
your daughter is my wife now
you cannot separate us even if you want to
I don't want to separate
a daughter does not only cross the boundary of her father's house
but she breaks that branch of a tree on which her home was built
and the birds doesn't live on the broken branches
you have misguided my daughter
now both of you shall stay together for life time
when are you coming to get her?
brother Mehr Ali, don't blame Altamash only
marriage isn't one sided matter
Rutba had married Altamash with her consent
being elders, we don't have to confuse this matter instead we have to solve it
Sanober, I haven't come to favor or make complain about anyone
I have come to decide the date for the departure ritual after marriage
also, I have come to tell that heritage, wealth, lands & properties are transferred on the name of that child
 which is obedient, dutiful & respectful
and rebellious children gets punishment
and as a punishment, I disinherit Rutba from all of my wealth & properties
Rutba will come in this house empty hands
today is Monday
Come to Mehr Ali house on Thursday evening with guests & take away your wife
I hope you will fulfill this relation for life time
heritage, wealth, lands & properties are transferred on the name of that child
 which is obedient, dutiful & respectful
and rebellious children gets punishment
and as a punishment, I disinherit Rutba from all of my wealth & properties
I hope you will fulfill this relation for life time
this is amazing!
mom
Azka is crying crazily over there
she is mourning over her lost love, which was never hers
and here you are laughing
can I know, what as such you have got that you are being so happy?
I am feeling so satisfied after such a long time
you cannot understand
 some what I can understand
go, look at Azka's condition. What has she done to herself
make her understand, mom
go & tell her, the Autumn season is very concise
the flowers & fruits are already hidden in the tree
they find their way to come out
Azka will also get her way
why is she being so impatient?
until Ronaq Jahan is alive, no body can dare to snatch away her children happiness from them
Go, tell her
Sir
yes
Madam Rutba hasn't eaten anything since morning. Again she has returned the food
keep he food on the table outside her room
She will eat once she will feel hungry
Okay Sir
and listen
yes
do let me know when she is done eating the food
Okay sir
the same thing happened about which I was scared
there isn't any dear or so of anything, aunty
what does uncle think? Is it so easy to disinherit anyone?
I will do the case in the court & will make him go trough very tough times
Altamash! if Mehr Ali has threatened then its not uselessly
here you will stay in the delusion & there he will change the game
As it is, what will we do with Rutba without any wealth or so?
We don't want to earn any reward by marrying any orphan, poor or unfortunate girl
your father is right, Altamash
whatever brother Mehr Ali says, he ensures to do it
therefore, we have to take a strong step now
don't worry, mom
I had shown you how I got Rutba
now I will show you how I will get his wealth & properties
uncle will spend the rest of his life in the mental asylum