I came to you to offer my condolences when uncle passed away.
But now I think I'll have to offer my condolences to uncle.
I'll have to tell him that...
he is alive and Rutba Mehar Ali is dead.
He didn't stop himself from coming near you...
the truth is that you never let him touch you.
You think that you belonged to Altamash...
and you will always belong to Altamash.
Khursheed.
I'm ashamed in front of you uncle.
I couldn't fulfill any promise that I made you.
I couldn't become like you.
I don't know how you maintained relationships with these cruel and careless people.
I can't even maintain a relationship with someone that I love
Keeping my ego and self-respect in mind...
I would like to ask for your forgiveness, uncle.
If Rutbah had fed me poison out of love...
I would have happily consumed it.
But I cannot be betrayed within the boundaries of love.
I can't stand to be betrayed.
Please forgive me.
Aska... don't turn yourself away from food like this.
All your life I kept explaining to you one thing...
One should never convert a win into a loss, but you never seem to understand that.
Aska... hate's intense fire is a good thing...
granted that one burns the person they hate.
Not oneself. 
What's the point if one burns oneself?
Not eating and drinking will only harm you and your child. It will not do anything to anyone.
If you lose everything trying to gain everything, then I spit at such intentions.
Good girl... first you were competing with Rutbah...
but now you are competing with Altamash and his parents.
Never forget that you have the biggest weapon and that is your unborn child.
I have a lot of things on my hands, which will drive Altamash crazy.
So you had to come.
What happened? Didn't you go to Rutbah to beg her to love you?
Didn't you go there to take her inheritance, but before that to offer her your inheritance?
Altamash what's gotten into you? What don't you have?
You have a loving wife.
And I have your successor who will have your entire inheritance.
But I don't know why you still have to run behind Rutbah.
Rutbah is asking for a price in return for your love.
Shut up your nonsense.
Lies and plot schemes...
that is all that you know how to do.
You don't love me... all of this is an act.
I hate this act of love.
Aska...
hand me over the papers, otherwise, none will be worse than me.
Your threats do not affect me.
I will make you yearn for those papers...
and for your child.
Before you make Rutbah your second wife you'll have to walk over my dead body.
Otherwise, I will...
Altamash
I have tolerated enough... how dare you raise a hand on my daughter in front of me?
Have you no shame? I have raised you.
I have supported your parents all my life.
And you... and this is how you return my favors...
I want to listen to this as well...
What favors are you talking about? 
I want to hear about them as well.
Remember, no matter how many masks one puts on, one day their true face is always revealed.
Your daughter was caught stealing in her own home.
A thief is a thief, no matter how much you respect them. 
You two were not worthy of the respect we gave you.
What respect could you give me? 
You stole my youth, honor, and happiness from me! 
All our childhood you turned father and brother against me.
He always supported you and was against me. I lived in our home like a prisoner.
And all of this is because of you.
You've been like this from when you were a child...
You've been blaming your shortcomings on others since you were a child.
Because of you and your daughter, we had to go through a bad period. 
Otherwise, Altamash and Rutbah would have been together.
You and your daughter will be left behind empty-handed.
Where are the papers... hand them over to me.
Aska... Aska...
Aska...
Paida... your grandson didn't come to the madrassa today...
Has he had enough of studying?
 You will grab him by the ear and leave him here.
Don't worry Rasheeda, I will drop him off tomorrow.
Look... children and children, it's our duty as their elders to make them understand.
We need to make them understand that education is important and without it we are nothing.
One can't have success without it... make sure you leave him here tomorrow.
The tea is getting cold.
Did you see the scene the two of them put on?
I've had enough of this.
Don't worry, I'll resolve all these matters today.
I don't need a girl like that in my life.
Aska, what are you doing?
What's wrong with you?
Leave me...
Stop me... I'll burn everything. What does he think of me?
What is going on Altamash?
Khursheed.
Greetings mother
When did you get back?
Where are you coming from?
From the graveyard.
After I was done burying, I came here.
Who did you bury?
I met my uncle.
I'm very sad.
Don't ask me any more questions, otherwise, I'll start crying and I won't be able to stop.
I will not ask anything.
Did you eat?
I'm tired mother...
I just want to leave all the sadness and pain behind.
I want to lie down on your lap and sleep.
It will be the same blue sky...
that I wanted to touch when I was a child.
Apart from that, there will be no one's presence...
and no one's thought.
What?
May God forgive their sins.
Alright.
What happened?
Rutbah's aunt has died.
She was caught in a fire.
Does one not give a chance to explain before complaining?
Enough Rutbah...
All the doors between have closed forever.
I don't need any explanation from you.
I don't have any complaints against you.
I have complaints against my heart.
Khursheed...
Give me a chance to say something.
Dead people can't speak.
You will get your last possession.
Be happy.
On your say-so, I've burned all ships.
There is no margin for you to go back...
or for me.
Greetings auntie.
What?
Auntie...
Rutbah...
How did this happen, auntie?
It was the fire inside her that came outside and ate away at her.
She's asking for everyone's forgiveness.
That is the line between forgiveness and lies.
Forgive her as well.
Forgive her... maybe that will lessen her pain.
Auntie...
Aska burned me.
Forgive me Rutbah, I was wrong.
Forgive me.
Auntie, I forgive you.
May God forgive you as well.
The doctors are saying that it's hard for her to survive.
Seventy percent of her body has been burned.
All her life she ran behind inheritance and her child.
She kept burning herself in revenge.
That child and inheritance destroyed her.
How's Aska?
She was saved.
But the doctors are saying...
it's hard for the child to survive.
Altamash is in the ICU.
No one is allowed to go in there.
And I...
I am here praying that my daughter-in-law and her child survive.
And I'm praying that my sister finds ease.
You should pray as well.
Pray...
Here you are, tea.
Did you meet Rutbah?
I did.
I talked to her about a few things and came to you.
Khursheed, haven't you changed?
Who is that friend of yours? Tasmeem...
Are you distancing yourself from Rutbah because of her?
Listen to me with open ears, if you do something like that...
Mother, please...
I'm going outside for a while. I'll meet my friends and walk in the fields...
I don't have much time, I have a flight day after tomorrow.
What?
So soon? Khursheed, what's the point of you coming here?
I told you that I came here to only meet my uncle.
I wasn't getting permission to come here. It was hard for me to get permission.
But you didn't answer me.
What?
The one about Tasneem.
For God's sake let my life be mine.
I'm leaving, I'll be back in the evening.
It's Rutbah calling.
Hello... how are you, my dear?
Yes, I'm fine...
What?
May God forgive her sins. Alright.
What happened?
Rutbah's aunt has passed away.
The poor woman was caught in a fire...
From God we come and to Him we shall return.
I will return to the city with you tomorrow.
Alright.
Aska! What are you doing? Have you gone insane?
Let go of me... I'll burn everything. What does Altamash think of himself?
Aska, have you gone insane?
I don't want to talk to Aska or even look at her.
Don't think like that. No matter what happens, she's your sister.
You have a relationship with her that will never end.
In such relationships, one needs to forget the mistakes that were made.
One should have a big heart.
A person can be sad all their life...
but can never be happy all their life.
Rutbah is right.
That is the truth that Ronaq could never understand in her life.
If she had... then she would not have spent a life like that.
Mother could not understand.
Aska will not understand as well.
She's among the people who spend their entire lives holding onto lies.
I spoke the truth...
and she broke all ties with me.
She didn't meet me when I got married.
She didn't meet me when I left abroad, why should I meet her?
She's responsible for my mother's death.
She's responsible for the death of her child.
Why would she need someone's sympathy now?
She's right.
One should sympathize with who is worthy of it. 
There is no point in sympathizing with a murderer.
I'm telling you guys, I will divorce Aska forty days have passed after Auntie's death.