Khursheed, come quickly
today you've become an orphan in real
the one who used to protect you & save you from the bitterness of this world
he has left this world 
show me his face one last time
show me his face once.. 
 we won't be able to see him again ever
we will never be able to see him again
tell them..
yes Khursheed, I want to light up my house like this on the daily basis
that's why I keep counting days daily for your return upon your return
your welcome will be way too grand than this
dear, you are so precious to me
you have been with me in every happiness & sorrow
if Rutba is my life then you are also precious to me like a son
Mr. Khursheed, open the door
Mr. Khursheed
Mr. Khursheed...
Mr. Khursheed, please open the door
Mr. Khursheed!
the love of our loved ones keep us alive
but disloyalty kills 
don't even think of being disloyal to Khursheed
Rutba...
its Khursheed's call, he wants to speak to you
Khursheed wants to talk to me?
come
are you fine, Rutba?
don't cry
uncle's soul will be hurt
I haven't cried as of yet
but I am unable to stop my tears
what shall I do?
I can't bear it
you are so lucky, as you were with him in his last moments
I will keep searching for him for life time
you are lucky Khursheed
it is you whom dad was praising until his last breath
its you, with whom dad was happy
according to my agreement, I cannot come back to Pakistan before 6 months
they aren't giving my passport
No... you shouldn't come
your studies will be affected
I will try...
Okay
take care of yourself & my mother
I will respect your every wish once I come back to Pakistan
but until then you have to wait
Bye!
these are the documents of the property that uncle had kept with him
my right!
after all, until when it would have stayed away from me?
sister, I must say that we shall search for the keys of the locker too
don't know what not he must have kept in it. What if we don't get anything later
anyways, whatever is written in one's fate he'll get it Ronaq
by the way, for what you came here on the night of brother's demise?
you want to marry Altamash after taking divorce from Khursheed
Rutba remember... 
if you did this
then your father will stay upset in another world as well 
what are you saying? There isn't any such thing, its all a lie
there isn't any such thing. Who said this to you?
if this is the matter then...
shut the mouth of yours & mine enemies from my grave's mud
I mean, what are such secretive talks that I don't know
actually...
what is happening here?
Rutba, what had to happen?
We are just recalling brother's memories
the entire house is filled with his fragrance, so we were feeling it
you are right
honestly!
this house is filled with my father's fragrance
his memories are here
but I can smell a lot more other things from this room
and you!
the mud of dad's grave is still fresh, Altamash
but its good! Its good that you shall clear your dues right away
I saw these files
whatever is there in it is yours, dad has transferred it to your name. So you can keep it
I am Mehr Ali Khan's daughter
highly respected & honorable like him
don't you worry
all of you will get so much
if possible...
do pray for my father
now pick it up
dear, life is the name of a short journey
its the desire of every extinguishing lamp to lit a new lamp before it dies
if Rutba is the beating heart in my chest then.. 
you are the sight of my eyes.. 
your thinking will be your light, Khursheed 
due to which you'll see every path very clearly
and education will be your weapon 
nobody will be able to defeat you
travel safe, Khursheed
 its Mehr Ali's biggest desire to see his children on the highest position
my prayers are always with you
I don't want it
put a rein on your emotions, Altamash
my reins are in your hands, Rutba
you may take me wherever you want to
I won't become happy by your words only
dad has died
now I am not that Rutba Mehr Ali who was naive & stupid
I have become a wise woman who makes decisions
Congrats Rutba, on getting this position, this status... and this majestic grace
all suits you
I want a girl like Rutba Mehr Ali in my life
Tell me, what as such I need to do that you shall enter in my life?
and both of us can share our griefs & sorrows with each other
dad has transferred his entire property & everything on my name
So much that it would be difficult to handle
the lawyer is sitting outside
today on wards, everything will be mine legally
but... neither I am miser or greedy
that's why... 
I have decided that...
to give something to my dad's close relatives
however I know that my father has already blessed them with a lot in prior
So much that maybe they don't deserve it
its such a good thing, Rutba
he was such a big hearted person
yes, that's why I want you to make your heart big
and whatever I had said to you, and demanded
whatever you have somehow, transfer it on my name
See, this way I will start trusting you. Ok?
there is no need to worry in it
will you marry me immediately if I do this?
what is the guarantee that you'll take divorce from Khursheed & he will divorce you immediately?
As I said, why are you worrying?
whatever matters are there between me & Khursheed, I will sort them myself
See, whatever is mine will be eventually yours after our marriage
everything!
and here you are getting worried for your small property
I am not worried Rutba, I just need your companionship
Altamash please... 
control yourself!
there are people here
its better to control yourself until a decision is made
the lawyer is waiting for me outside
we'll meet later
you may go now
I'm leaving
Why are you getting blind in her love?
Now I don't see that innocence & simplicity on her face
earlier, I used to see attraction in her eyes
but now, I only see hatred!
earlier, she only used to look
now she just thinks
aunty, have you told them for the car?
yes dear, I have told them. Are you going somewhere?
yes, I am going to the university
already there has been a huge loss of studies, and I don't want to drop any course
dear, I wanted to discuss something important with you
yes yes, go ahead
its not right for Altamash to come here on daily basis
I accept that he is your cousin & he comes to inquire about your well being but...
its not appropriate for him to visit here in Khursheed's absence
We cannot stop people tongue & looks..
dear look, Khursheed is as simple & innocent as you are
everyone is not like you guys
you won't get to know when they stab you on your back
you are right
I will ask Altamash to stay cautious
Bye!
bye!
everyone is not like you guys
you won't get to know when they stab you on your back
whatever is written in one's fate he'll get it Ronaq
by the way, for what you came here on the night of brother's demise?
I mean, what are such secretive talks that I don't know
you are falsifying me, but how will you falsify yourself?
look at your video for once
I will bend down my head & become quiet, but how will you shut the mouth of the people around you?
I beg you..
don't fall from your status to an extent that the people associated to you shall also fall
it doesn't make any difference to you but your Honorable father will die
what are you saying, Altamash?
why Rutba had to keep this condition? What does she lack now?
trust & belief
she is afraid of believing on me & my love
and why she shouldn't be scared?
She had paid a very heavy price of my stupidities
how would I know that what kind of hypocrite & diplomatic people are hiding behind honest faces
my blood boils when I get to know about it now
listen Altamash! don't consider the path of your life easy until Khursheed & Rasheeda are in Rutba's life
if Rutba is honest, then she has to remove both of them from her life before coming near to us
Do tell her!
if she has a condition, then we also have a condition
We will not put our everything on the stake so easily!
I had warned you not to do this act earlier as well
She has got his habit from her mother
this girl is exactly like her mother
She is the same woman, the one who is sly & creates fuss
Great! Both of you mother son duo do the conspiracies & yet me and my mother is sly & clever!
I also want to hear the plans that you guys were making here
what as such is the matter that both of you are hiding from me?
hmm... as if you & your mother doesn't hide anything?
Tell me, why Ronaq had gone to meet brother Mehr Ali before his death?
what you guys have got secretly? And here we are unaware of everything!
mom had gone to ask uncle to explain Rutba
to stay away from Altamash
she wants to save my marriage, and what's wrong in it?
or either all of us shall put a blind fold on our eyes & look at the spectacle of Altamash & Rutba's love?
you & your mother had seen the spectacle of Rutba & Altamash's love story once before
have you forgotten?
the people who likes to see the spectacle, becomes a spectacle themselves
Altamash
please forget the past
today's reality is that, I am your wife
and Rutba is Khursheed's wife
you are about to become a father, our family will be completed
I have already given you my everything
whatever I had
still you don't value me
don't humiliate me in front of Rutba
I beg you. You can strangle me to death with your own hands but don't make me fall in Rutba's feet
one more drama!
Azka, please don't compel me to take any big step
I won't do any injustice with you
until you don't want it yourself
Arfa, how are you?
I am so upset since I heard the news of uncle's death
it feels as if there is no more protection on my head
not only you...
but everyone who is coming to meet me is saying the same thing
honestly speaking, after dad's demise I had started to love him even more
dad was such a strong tree with a shadow who wasn't concerned about the fact that who is good or bad, who is the loved one or stranger
the tree only knows how tall & honorable it was
I am trying to come back
soon I will meet you
your grief is really big
I was thinking that don't know what you must be doing after your father's demise
I am trying to become like him
He used to smile courageously even after suffering through a very big grief
I am practicing
but it feels as if it will take ages
take very good care of yourself
so much of love & prayers from my side
you also take very good care of yourself
Bye!
Rutba...
drink milk, you haven't eaten anything in the night as well. This way you'll become unwell
you care about me a lot
why not? After all, you are my sister's mandate
and my Khursheed's love
aunty, you were telling me that you wanted to build a madarsa (religious school) in the village
dear, I am not very well educated
I just teach the holy Quran to the kids
and your father had given me this courage as well
he used to say that at every age..
a person's spark shall always stay lit like a lamp
until it doesn't extinguishes
I have also decided
that I will go over there to keep the basis of school & university
now I know
that what I have to do with my life in the future
are you serious, Rutba? You have said the words of my heart
even I wish the same, our thinking is quite similar
we have a few lands of Khursheed's father
I had thought that I will start the construction over there once Khursheed will be stabled in his life
its such a good news aunty, then go there & start the construction
on whose name the lands are?
dear, its on my name & I have written it in the charity for the children education
then let me send the architect & engineers
you & I together shall start this pious work
but aunty please, don't discuss this matter with Khursheed right now
I want to do this work on my basis
on my dad's name
don't you worry at all. Today on wards just consider this land as yours
you can do whatever you feel like..
yes?
mom, I have got the biggest happiness of my life
Tell me
its a boy
All praise to God. Heartiest congratulations to you!
Azka, God has listened to us. You have won this battle as well
you'll see what will happen next, only you will get the success
Really!
Thanks to God!
lets go, come on
mom, please give me the documents. Its already very late
the lawyer must be waiting, you know such matters takes so much of time
if Bazil Khan gets to know about it, then he'll become very furious
You know right, that wealth, lands & properties are like a mother to Bazil Khan
equivalent to a mother!
when he'll get to know that you are about to transfer all these things in Rutba's name, then ...
he'll become mad & crazy in anger
mom... he is my father. And I know him very well
even for me, lands & wealth is most important than any other relation
but see, if a businessman bends down then he does it after looking at the shine of the coin
what is the importance of all these things in front of whatever Rutba has
Once I get Rutba, then not only this house but Mehr Ali house will be ours too
what are you doing here?
madam, sir had ordered tea
keep it
why are you standing here now? You have kept the tea, now leave!
Okay, now quickly give me the documents
I am giving them, have some patience
here are the complete documents of this house
I can see Rutba's beautiful companionship in it
there is no need to become so insane! 
Why are you getting blind in her love?
Now I don't see that innocence & simplicity on her face
earlier, I used to see attraction in her eyes
but now, I only see hatred!
earlier, she only used to look
now she just thinks
mom...
I am Altamash
even today I can read Rutba's face & eyes
she can get angry with me for sure
but she can never be disloyal
Rutba cannot live without love
and Altamash's love is that magnet which can attract Rutba from anywhere in the world
there was just one wall between us
Mehr Ali Khan!
and now he is no more...
I'm leaving...
maam Rutba!
yes?
somebody is here to meet you
you go, and don't come back until we are done talking
the same posture, the same accent, the same arrogance... just like Altamash
you have really done true love with Altamash
of-course I did true love with him, that's why what not I did to get him
true that
you had told so many lies, also you did a lot of conspiracies in order to get him
you had fallen from your status
I wish, you could have understood that everyone gets whatever is written in their fate
if you hadn't done these conspiracies, or you hadn't lied then still..
Altamash would have been yours today!
Altamash is mine & he will always stay mine
that's why, I am here to explain you for the last time that don't make a mistake of coming in between me & Altamash
otherwise, neither I will stay in peace nor I will let you stay in peace
oho! now I have understood
So whatever conspiracies you have done, in fact recently
the way you had called Khursheed, sent him the video. And don't know what lies you have told him
you did all that because of this?
do you know
I think Altamash is just an excuse
actually you have a problem with me
from my happiness & from my success
you are jealous of it
and how come it doesn't happen?
because you have inherited all this
I haven't come here to give you any justification
in fact, I have come to give you a good news
I am about to give a heir to Altamash
and after that of-course, Altamash will only be mine
are you here to give me a challenge?
challenge accepted!