its very easy to win a man's heart 
specially that man who is already hurt by another woman
the antidote of a poison is poison 
and the antidote of an injury given by a woman is only an ointment applied by another woman
are you getting me?
Rutba, please don't cry. I promise you that I will wipe all of your tears
I will give you so much of happiness that you will forget everything 
Rutba, we'll be together once again
I promise you
don't know why Altamash is taking so long
I have called him so many times to come & have dinner with us
yes mom
Altamash, where have you been the food is getting cold
Altamash!
brother
uncle!
what are you doing, brother?
those who don't understand the language of love
and who thinks that its justified to kill one's belief & trust
they aren't capable to treated well, and I have come to explain that
don't compel me
to make your life a living hell!
I have left all the relations associated to you as a charity of my daughter
don't try to decorate such useless relations on your head once again
otherwise neither the relations will be left
nor head
what was brother saying?
uncle is licking his wounds
but he doesn't know that his old bones doesn't have an energy to compete me
to accept defeat so easily
is not Altamash
what is this!
Rutba, you haven't done your breakfast as of yet. It has become cold
until when you'll hurt yourself for others?
take away the breakfast, aunty
I don't want to eat
I will ask for it if I will feel hungry
Rutba, Khursheed wants to talk to you about something
aunty, I don't want to talk to anyone about anything
I have lost the trust from words and...
 I feel scared of everyone's face
Rutba, I am going
I have got a job as a lectures in Hassanabad
I will leave within two days
best of luck!
you had bothered to inform me, if wouldn't have made any difference if you wouldn't have informed me
I know it doesn't make any difference to you
but a person who is going on a journey needs prayers
if I have ever hurt you or you had felt bad because of me, then please forgive me
I don't have a heart anymore
a person who is buried, then how can we discuss their wounds?
don't waste your time
a person is not so weak that an accident can take away the ability to laugh & live its life
so why are you showing yourself so weak?
your heartbeat is saying that you are still alive
the days are yours, the nights are yours
the time is yours
what's the big deal if a person has left you in the middle of nowhere
your steps are still with you
you hadn't discussed love
the things you have mentioned are incomplete without love
its very easy to repeat the things written in the book
but when a person gets hurt then he gets to know its reality
I wish... 
I wish you can understand it someday
the pain of incomplete love
an incomplete love is a person's biggest strength, Rutba
I wish you can understand this as well
I'm leaving
bye!
do take very good care of yours & uncle
your most precious thing is still with you
mom
yes
uncle had left in so much of anger
I fear, what if he took my name over there then Altamash will never talk to me again
Azka, you don't need to worry or get scared at all
it was very important that Altamash shouldn't contact Rutba by any means
you are right, Ronaq
brother, Greetings!
you came here all of a sudden, is everything alright?
greetings uncle!
greetings, stay blessed
brother, you came to my house. Believe me, I feel so happy
how is Rutba now?
Arfa had told me about her condition
I felt so restless after hearing about it
I don't understand
that they didn't pity a bit while doing so much of injustice to that orphan girl
and Altamash! how can he be so cruel
my own sister can be so heartless!
Ronaq, do you remember
you had married Mazara's son without our father's consent & permission
yes brother, but its such an old matter
then why are discussing it now?
our father has disinherited you, and he has ordered that none of the family member will meet you in their entire life
not they will see your face
it was me
who took stand for you
against dad's orders
I had fought your case with my consent & got you divorced
also got you married to your childhood fiance Hashim, by begging in front of them
Ronaq, do you remember everything or you have forgotten?
yes brother, I do remember. How can I forget it?
the same way people forget others favors
and they remember only revenge by considering the fate's decision as injustice
No brother, I can never do that
and I apologize if you think that I have done anything wrong
to forgive, forget & do the favor. Only big people can do that
only a high character person can justify it, and people who are blessed can give this justification
what is this, brother?
its justification, Ronaq
maybe you can remember this
these are the documents of Saeedpur land, which I am transferring on Azka's name
you must have an idea about the cost of Saeedpur land
but this land will only be transferred on Azka's name 
when Azka & Altamash will get married
I hope that you will be able to agree Sanober & Altamash
I will wait for this news tonight
please accept my apologies as I won't be able to attend the wedding because of self-respect
you can keep the properties as well as Altamash
uncle, what have you done?
Saeedpur's land is the biggest part of your wealth
Khursheed, a person cannot eat wealth & properties
but its greed eats away a person for sure
money is such a weird thing!
the more its importance is increased in life, the more the life gets devalued
nothing seems good
we do have an authority on the world
but what we lack is real happiness
a person live its life on the basis of happiness, Khursheed
not on the basis of money
you are right but.. 
on whomsoever's name  you have transferred the property, even today they are not loyal to you
it doesn't make any difference to me
I just want peace
my sisters think that my father did injustice to them
and their brother is not giving them their rights!
although, I had given them their share more then right
but only literate people can understand these things
not to those people who are dwelling in greed
and a thought which gets blinded by greed & means, is not capable of understanding the right things
now if Altamash gets married to Azka
then the Saeedpur property can become the basis of peace & satisfaction in between both the families
secondly, the most important thing is that Khursheed
I have given it as a charity of my daughter's life
Ronaq & Azka's jealousy
has poisoned Rutba's life
now I have to keep her safe
not only Saeedpur's property, but if my entire wealth gets wasted on this
then it doesn't make any difference to me
what are you saying, Ronaq!
show me
these are Saeedpur land's complete documents
just think that we have won a lottery
maybe you haven't heard correctly
all of this will be transferred on Azka's name only when she will get married to Altamash
what do you both think? Will Altamash agree for this wedding?
you tell me, are you agreed sister?
I... 
yes, why would I disagree?
both of them are equal for me
there isn't any difference in both of them. Both of them are my own
the real thing is that what Azka & Altamash decides
what will Azka say? She will only do whatever I will ask her to do
my Azka is not rebellious & stubborn like Rutba. I have done very nice upbringing of hers
as far as Altamash is concerned, then I am sure that he will agree for sure
how can you be so sure about it?
sister, what Rutba has given to Altamash except for wounds? and what can she give in the future too?
my Azka knows how to become an ointment, and how to apply it as well
just try to know Altamash's consent from him
actually brother has given me just tonight's time
I have to answer him as well
I'm leaving
I used to think that only uncle is stone hearted
but Rutba is more clever than him
she isn't sad about anything
it seems as if hatred & anger has made her go blind
she ran away to uncle soon after talking to you
She told him each & every single word that you have said to her
she is the one who has provoked uncle
so it means that Rutba wants to take revenge
obviously! what else she would have in her heart except of revenge & hatred?
you are so nice, Altamash
this personality, these speaking eyes
Rutba never deserved you
she has always considered you as a part of some wealth, or land
and uncle! even he doesn't recognizes people
how can he beat you!
if not today then tomorrow, uncle has to pay for it
he has already paid for his stupidity
uncle has realized his mistake very quickly
he has become fed up of Rutba's stupidities
what do you mean? What are you trying to say?
Altamash, do you know
when a fate has to gift someone then
it makes a person sits with that person who loves him the most
and rejecting a loved one
is equivalent to rejecting the fate's gift
you don't ever do this mistake
Altamash, I want to discuss something important with you in private
disappointment & hopelessness binds a person with darkness
dad, a raindrop affects on the soft sand
I have become stone hearted 
and stones doesn't get affected by anything
Altamash, you have done the mistake of rejecting Rutba
you have kicked your fate yourself
now don't make the mistake of rejecting Azka
brother has paid such a huge amount for accepting her
what if you lose half of the things in the greed of complete
but why uncle did this? Why he has transferred the land on Azka's name?
because he wants to keep you away from Rutba's shadow 
and now he will do this
Altamash, dear please marry Azka
I fear, what if brother changes this decision as well
you won't get anything, Altamash!
 you have done the mistake of rejecting Rutba
you have kicked your fate yourself
now don't make the mistake of rejecting Azka
brother has paid such a huge amount for accepting her
what if you lose half of the things in the greed of complete
but why uncle did this? Why he has transferred the land on Azka's name?
because he wants to keep you away from Rutba's shadow 
and now he will do this
Altamash, dear please marry Azka
I fear, what if brother changes this decision as well
you won't get anything, Altamash!
hello!
Arfa, is everything fine that you have called?
brother Altamash, actually I wanted to talk to you about something important
yes Arfa, tell me
first promise me that this matter will always stay with the both of us
Okay, tell me
brother Altamash, please marry Azka
I beg you, please don't reject this proposal
she will die
Arfa
what are you saying?
I am telling the truth, brother Altamash
she has only loved you since her childhood
if nature has distanced you from Rutba, then hold Azka's hand
there is a betterment for all of us, you will stay happy with her
she loves you a lot
so this is the matter
alright Azka! so I will accept you for sure
if you are so desperate to enter in my life, then let it be
now you will give me the proprieties of Saeedpur & I will take over a lot of other things from uncle
as far as Rutba is concerned
then Rutba was of Altamash's and Rutba will always stay of Altamash's
uncle
I am leaving day after tomorrow
I have completed all the important work, but tell me if something is left
yes Khursheed, one of the most important work is left
I am thinking to complete it tomorrow
yes yes, please order
No dear, not order
consider it as a request, I hope you will fulfill it
yes Ronaq
congratulations brother! Altamash as well as sister Sanober has agreed
congratulations to you too, Ronaq
I should get the rest of the details tomorrow
I have called the lawyer tomorrow night
yes, don't you worry brother. I will send you the wedding video
not to me, send it to Rutba
I like the things on the right place
Okay better
yes, Bye!
congratulations Khursheed, tomorrow is the wedding
whose wedding?
yours & Rutba's
Azka will never get that importance in my life that Rutba had
you people will be responsible if something happened to her
Ronaq & Azka will be responsible for it
We aren't doing this marriage to make them happy & satisfied
We have to recover our loss at any cost
brother Mehr & Rutba has betrayed us
they had kept us in the delusion for so many years, that Rutba is ours
and now when it comes to the distribution of properties, so he gave an entire share to Ronaq & Azka
both of them are more close to him, and we are nothing
why not mom? We are...
we are his enemies
and this relation is heavier on every relation
uncle doesn't want our friendship
now we'll show him how to be an enemy
very good my son!
and I'm doing this marriage only for the sake of the property, remember this
Azka isn't dearest to me as well
anyways, we have to fulfill our motive
We cannot leave the Saeedpur property at any cost
and what inappropriate condition he has kept of doing the marriage right away
Mehr Ali doesn't move his pawn uselessly
somewhere he has to save a king
whether its a wind...
water, light or hope
it makes it own path
and a person who knows its path
we shouldn't delay in holding their hands
Rutba, disappointment & hopelessness binds a person with darkness
dad, a raindrop affects on the soft sand
I have become stone hearted
and stones doesn't get affected by anything
this incident has changed your way of talking
you think before speaking, also you have started to talk so deep
when the meaning of words starts changing
then understand that a heart has started his journey
God willing, the result will be good
which result?
what is left now?
your cellphone
tomorrow evening is your wedding with Khursheed Hasan
I hope that you will not disappoint me this time
I have bowed down in front of your contumacy
but if I will face disappointment this time
now its your turn Rutba
try to test my choice too
believe me, you will not be disappointed
but still I am not forcing you
if you heart doesn't agree, then you may refuse before the wedding
neither I will mind
nor Khursheed Hasan
Khursheed, how can I tell you about my heart's feelings?
honestly, today if my dear sister Sajida would have been alive then she would have seen with her own eyes
if a heart's matters are pure & honest
then an impossible thing becomes possible
why are you being so happy, mom?
if a ruddy goose gets wings, then its loses its ability to fly
I wish that uncle would have asked about my breath then I would have given it very happily
but he...
Khursheed
brother Mehr is giving you his breaths
and you are complaining!
these breaths will stuck in your son's throat, and then neither I will stay among alive nor dead people
God forbid!
what are you saying?
there is a lot of power in an elders prayers, and a lot of blessings in the obedience of younger people
if God willing then Rutba will prove to be a very loving & nice life partner
you used to appease me in the same manner in my childhood, right?
you used to say that my father has gone to God to get toys for me
and one day he will come back with a lot of gifts
mom, the life passes
but these thoughts get stuck in one's mind like a desire
I still see a dream that my father has brought so many toys
but then I wake up
mom, please don't console me anymore
whatever my heart will experience, I will face it truly
and now I don't even want to see a dream about this matter
Ms. Azka daughter of Sultan Subhan, your marriage is done with Altamash Khan son of Bazil Khan
with an alimony amount of 5 lac rupees in the presence of these witnesses
Do you accept this marriage?
yes, I accept
Do you accept this marriage?
 I accept
Do you accept this marriage?
 I accept
Mr. Altamash Khan son of Bazil Khan, your marriage is done with Azka daughter of Sultan Subhan,
with an alimony amount of 5 lac rupees in the presence of these witnesses
Do you accept this marriage?
 I accept
Do you accept this marriage?
 I accept
Do you accept this marriage?
 I accept
sign here
my dear sister...
heartiest congratulations to you
congratulations to you too!
just pray that God keeps our children very happy
Ameen
let me go & check the arrangements as we cannot rely on the servants
everything happened so quickly that I couldn't think of anything. I'm coming in a while
sister, the matter is not about hurry. The actual matter is happiness
and it seems good if we get happiness in a hurry as well
yes
ok tell me one thing very honestly
are you happy by making Azka your daughter-in-law?
yes, I am very happy
you'll see, I will make such an extravagant arrangements on her departure ceremony that the entire world will see
I'm coming in a while
I will see you later uncle
the way you are playing this game so cleverly, the same way my defeat will become your fate one day
by doing this act, don't think that you'll save your properties as well as your daughter
this Saeedpur land is just a token money
Altamash!
the photo session is going on outside
all the guests are sitting, so why you came here alone?
Azka, whatever is happening right now I am not prepared for it mentally
so please don't complain about anything
if I ask for some space, so please take care of my feeling
Sure
who else would care about your feelings more than me?
I know that you love Rutba but...
still I have agreed to marry you
do you know why?
because I want to apply an ointment on your wounds as a friend
do you know, my mother always say that the love of an honest woman makes a man forgets everything
and the thing he forgets first is..
the grief given by an unfaithful woman
earlier I used to love you as a friend
but now
I will love you as a wife
you'll see that you will forget everything
thanks
for taking care of my feelings
now go outside, otherwise people will think inappropriate
tomorrow evening is your wedding with Khursheed Hasan
I hope that you will not disappoint me this time
I have bowed down in front of your contumacy
but if I will face disappointment this time
now its your turn Rutba
try to test my choice too
believe me, you will not be disappointed
but still I am not forcing you
if you heart doesn't agree, then you may refuse before the wedding
Mr. Altamash Khan son of Bazil Khan, your marriage is done with Azka daughter of Sultan Subhan
with an alimony amount of 5 lac rupees in the presence of these witnesses
Do you accept this marriage?
 I accept
Do you accept this marriage?
 I accept
Do you accept this marriage?
 I accept
I had never imagined that you can do any such thing, Altamash
for how many things I shall deny?
you will accept someone else after rejecting me
is this your love?