by the way, you showed such a hurry
it takes a bit of time for the spark to become a fire
but you came to see the spectacle immediately
I am so disappointed, by the way
I am going back home
 I have called the car, the driver is here
We will go together
 uncle is in the hospital, he got a heart attack
we have to go immediately
I...
I know you are distressed...
distressed?
distress is a very small word
it cannot explain one's condition
that's why its better for you not to talk about distress
Besides, whatever I have seen & heard is enough for life time
but sometimes the matters stays unclear
whatever we see & hear is not the complete truth
Rutba, truth of lie is not my topic anymore
whatever Tazmeen has said that...
please!
don't take Tazmeen's name now
don't you have a little space for me in your heart?
whether its my heart or my life
everything has become empty
as if I was seeing a dream, and all of a sudden my eyes got opened and now I am standing all alone
I thought you are Mehr Ali Khan's daughter
but you are the reason of his every sorrow & grief
I wish that before meeting Altamash you... 
enough!
we won't discuss Altamash anymore as well
if we don't have anything in between us
then we won't discuss on this topic as well
staying quiet is better
much better
thanks for easing the future destinations
also, the place where you have brought me
thanks for bringing me to that
have you informed my mother about uncle's health?
her number is not connecting, also she had told us that there is a signal problem in the village
I tried calling her many times but her number is not connecting
anyways, go bring something to eat from the hospital's canteen & give it in ma'am Rutba's room
She didn't had breakfast in the morning as well
there is no need of it
until dad doesn't gain back conscious I won't eat anything
Rutba
bring something to eat
dad, how are you?
Khursheed
yes uncle, are you fine?
don't worry about me
the sun will not shine always
there is a beginning of every journey and
an end too...
dad, why do you say such things?
its the sun's work to shine
otherwise, everywhere will be only darkness 
Khursheed... send Rutba home
she must be tired
I am also grown very tired
distress is a very small word
it cannot explain one's condition
that's why its better for you not to talk about distress
Besides, whatever I have seen & heard is enough for life time
whether its my heart or my life
everything has become empty
as if I was seeing a dream, and all of a sudden my eyes got opened and now I am standing all alone
I thought you are Mehr Ali Khan's daughter
but you are the reason of his every sorrow & grief
don't worry about me
the sun will not shine always
there is a beginning of every journey and
an end too...
uncle, how are you feeling?
everything seems fine when I see you
Khursheed
promise me one thing
order me
never leave Rutba
otherwise, she will become completely alone in this cruel world
the world is very cruel & brutal
relations are quite diplomatic & selfish
the blood running in the veins is cold & white
Rutba is stupid...
and not far sighted
if she wasn't married to you then
it would have been very difficult for me to die, Khursheed
may God always bless you with long & healthy life for us
I can face every difficulty if I have your support
because sometimes I don't feel like staying alive
my prayers will always be with you
if Rutba is the beating heart inside my chest then
you are light of my eyes
if you wouldn't have been there then how I would have seen Rutba's face
you haven't promised me
Rutba's happiness & protection will always be my priority
don't you worry
thank you dear
uncle, if you say so then shall I send the driver to pick up mom?
no no Khursheed, there is no need of doing this
in fact, there is no need to worry her by telling about my health
she has gone there after so long, upon her heart's desire
we won't call her back
otherwise she will come back after leaving everything
let her stay with herself for a few days
as you say
dad, I will stay here with you
I will take care of you, I will serve you until you don't get well
and then, when aunt feels like she can come back
no dear, how will you stay here Rutba?
you have to stay in Hasanabad with Khursheed
the time for us to stay together has ended
dad!
children don't understand this thing
uncle...
for now you have to stay like our guardian for so many years
and Rutba is right, she will stay here for some time with you. Until you don't get fine
why Khursheed? Why Rutba will not go to Hasanabad with you?
there is a reason for that
but first you shall get healthy, then I will tell you everything
ok?
now do rest, meanwhile let me make an arrangement for your medicines
take out the soup in the bowl if its ready
yes, its ready
Khursheed
I am taking the soup to dad's room
it would be better if you meet him too
yes, I will leave for Hasanabad after meeting him
yes yes, Khursheed you may go. Don't worry about me, I am fine
in fact, take Rutba along with you
you need Rutba here
also its appropriate for her to stay with you now
the best place for Rutba is your house, your companionship
uncle, I am going to the UK for one year
I have got a scholarship in the university
Okay
its a good thing
are you going alone?
No, other people will also be there
Tazmeen will be there as well
Khursheed, why aren't you taking Rutba along with you?
uncle, what she will do there?
day & night I will be busy in studying
Khursheed is right dad, what will I do by going there?
Besides, I want to stay here with you
I don't feel like going anywhere after leaving you
dear, some matters are more important in life than one's desires
when will you understand?
Khursheed.... Rutba will also get something to do over there
you have a scholarship, so you cannot afford
I will take care of Rutba's expenses
take her along, it will be more appropriate
I have told you already, I don't want to go anywhere
I don't want to go & its decided. I will stay here with you, I won't go anywhere
dear, what if I die then... 
oh uncle please...
don't say such things
now she wants to stay with me when
I am not with myself anymore
May God bless you with long & healthy life
Khursheed... Rutba is stubborn for sure but...
she is soft hearted & sensitive too
she is very loving but...
but she doesn't know how to express it
just like white pearls
but... she doesn't know how to become a string of beads
Khursheed
please forgive her mistakes
its my desire & hope too
the day both of you will understand each other, that day you'll be very happy
education will be your weapon
nobody will be able to defeat you
because a life's battle cannot be won by wealth, properties or money
it is won by education & thinking
uncle, I had passed every difficulty in my life because of your such words
how are you, Nazeera? and Zahida how about you?
we are fine Rasheeda, how about you?
you came back after so long. Did you like the city so much that you had forgotten the village?
what difference does it make, what suited us & what not
its just that... life takes away everything in a flow
and how can I forget you people, you are my childhood friends
I had spent such a good time with you guys
we got married together, and then we gave birth to the children together
and then everyone went on their paths
we are meeting after such a long time, I am feeling so relieved
how is Khursheed? He didn't come with you
Khursheed teaches in a very big college
the way his father used to teach in the high school, the same way
by the grace of God He is very intelligent & he has read so many books that we can't count
and he got married to Rutba, Sajida's daughter
I had sent the sweetmeats to you people, in fact I had sent them to the entire village
yes yes, we know. Okay tell us, how is your daughter-in-law?
All praise to God, very pretty. She is way too beautiful
she is just like a full moon
Rasheeda, since she is the daughter of a rich man. I hope she isn't arrogant & ill-mannered
your dialed number cannot be reached at the moment, please try again later
mom, at least you should have told me before leaving
why didn't you tell me about your UK plan?
because I couldn't decide whether I should go or not
leaving seems difficult to me
and now staying here seems difficult
you shall go
I won't stop you
neither I will come after you, nor I will signify any right on you
you are free to make your decisions
I am happy that Tazmeen is going with you
it seems as if both of you are meant for each other
and you?
leave thinking about me
now just think about yourself
you...
you shall marry Tazmeen
I am sure that both of you will live happily together
come Rutba, sit
where is Khursheed?
dad...
don't insist me to go with Khursheed
he is going abroad for studies
I was thinking to join the university once again, by staying here
I shall complete my education, after all you wanted this
tell me something, Rutba
honestly...
yes
why do you meet Altamash?
who told you?
this is not the answer to my question
I won't lie
I will tell the truth
Altamash came to Hasanabad
I had met him as well
but nothing as such happened, due to which you had to face the problems once again
you are naive, Rutba
I shiver by thinking about it, and you are talking about worries
does Khursheed knows about it?
Rutba listen
there is a lot of difference between a father's heart & a husband's heart
the same difference between sea & stream
Khursheed shouldn't know about it
and next time if you do any such stupidity
then just think that we can only give justifications to alive people
dad
dead people, take away all the worries & desires along with them
then even the tears of repentance doesn't reach them
nor justifications
dad
you haven't answered me
who told you that I had met Altamash?
I don't know
I got a few pictures from an unknown number
oh Tazmeen..
travel safe, Khursheed
its Mehr Ali's biggest desire to see his children on the highest position
and what can be more joyous to look at the dreams coming true from an open eyes
Khursheed, one day you'll shine like a horizon in your life
your thinking will be your light, Khursheed
due to which you'll see every path very clearly
and education will be your weapon
nobody will be able to defeat you
because a life's battle cannot be won by wealth, properties or money
it is won by education & thinking
uncle, I had passed every difficulty in my life because of your such words
this head would never be high, if you hadn't supported me
Rutba, go & see off Khursheed. Say bye to him
no uncle, there is no need of it. I will go
there is need, Khursheed
a person who bids farewell, then he steps on the path of saying welcome
it is waiting that works as a bridge between the heart of two people
go Rutba
bid farewell to Khursheed
Go Rutba
tell Khursheed that you'll wait for him
okay dad, please drink this soup
I shall take your leave now. Bye!
bye!
why are you bothering yourself?
although you already know that neither good bye or welcome will make any difference
I am not that immature or fool
who believes on such words as "wait"
or maybe I don't know the difference between temporary or permanent separation
and neither I am so selfish & poor-spirited
I am just compelled due to the trust that uncle has on me
I have said to you that you are not compelled
take a flight as much as you want to
don't think that you have any sort of chains in your feet
are you making this environment compatible for yourself or for me?
Khursheed go
somebody must be waiting for you
greetings aunt!
greetings! how are you my daughter?
I saw you after such a long time, I feel so relieved now
greetings aunt!
greetings! how are you? Stay blessed
what happen to you my dear? You used to be so sparkling, why you have become so dull?
it seems as if you have been effected by something
are you happy?
yes aunty, I am very happy & satisfied too
how are you all?
very good, very happy.. so happy as if we've got everything in our life
oh! how are you Mr. Khar.... Umm....
I mean Khursheed?
by the grace of God I am absolutely fine
and capable enough to speak all the words properly
here people doesn't even learn to speak property even if they spend a life time
I feel sorry for such thinking, as well as for such life
anyways, dad is inside the room. Please go & sit with him, meanwhile let me see off Khursheed
let's go!
brother, may you be blessed with my life as well
I pray that we shall always have your shadow on our head
believe me, I feel so upset to see you in this condition
Sanober & I were praying a lot for you
brother, you could have asked someone to call us as well. Then we would have come to you running
yesterday manager Nisar told us that you got a heart attack & that too a serious one
Rutba, dear you could have called us once
at least we would have been informed
however, we cannot expect anything good from Rasheeda
Sanober, there is no need to bad mouth about Rasheeda
that poor woman has gone to her village, she doesn't know anything
Besides, that naive woman is capable enough that we shall praise her in her absence too
as far as the heart is concerned then...
if it stops working then only can only rely on God or hospital
and thanks to God, I have availability of both
God forbid brother, if its in my control then I shall take out my heart & keep it in front of you
you don't know, what we are going through while seeing you in this condition
how are you guys?
by the grace of God, we are absolutely fine
There is a good news! mom has come to give Arfa's wedding card. Arfa's wedding has been fixed
all praise to God, congratulations!
really!
Ronaq you had never discussed about it earlier
brother, actually everything happened all of a sudden
the day they had brought the proposal, the same day they had fixed the wedding date
Arfa dear, come to me
ok tell me
are you happy with this proposal?
brother, why she won't be happy? She is very happy.
 actually the proposal is of her liking
All praise to God!
Rutba, go & check on the lunch arrangements. As your aunts came over after such a long time
go dear
Okay dad
come on