you are doing so much of politics, sister
you can change my name from Ronaq if I didn't made you fall on your face
now you'll see, how many birds I will kill from one arrow
Transfer Saeedpur lands & Sheikhupura factories in my name
also your mansion too
I do have a right to test you this much
who is it?
brother, may I come in?
yes come in, Ronaq
is everything alright?
yes brother, sorry for disturbing you at this hour of the night
I know you are also not well, but I am helpless
because if I will not make you aware of such circumstances, then it will create more difficulties
that's why I came on this inappropriate time, so that I can talk to you clearly
I cannot discuss this matter in front of Rutba
go ahead, whatever you want to say
ask her once by considering her your life partner, & your loyal friend from the bottom of your heart
Rutba, do you love me or not?
do you need my companionship or not?
do you want me to come back or not?
then see what answer Rutba gives
who is this?
hello!
hello Khursheed!
this is Azka speaking
tell me, why you have called me?
you have forgotten so many things, and I have called to remind you that
what do you mean? I didn't get it
you have forgotten your honor, Khursheed
Rutba is your wife, your respect, your honor
by what means she is after my husband?
she roams around with him openly while holding his hands
talks to him, laughs with him. Also she flirts with him
if its in her control, she can snatch away Altamash from me & make him his
if her love was so blind then why did she married you?
and let me ask you, if you were such a fool then why didn't you married a simple girl like you are?
Rutba will not come in your control
she wants such a husband who beats her ten times & count it as one
its out of question for you
Azka look! I am respecting you a lot
but there is a limit of tolerance!
don't compel me to use the same language with you, that you are using with me
Khursheed, you have spent your entire life on the charity of Rutba's father
how will you gather so much of courage?
from where you'll get the tongue in your mouth to say anything?
who is living on whose money is not hidden from anyone in the entire family, Azka
and next time, think hundreds of times before calling me
don't forget that I know you since childhood
Khursheed!
Khursheed, I haven't called to hurt you
I just wanted to wake up your honor
Rutba is deceiving you
control her, put chains in her feet
if possible, call her over there
I don't need your suggestions at all, Azka
what I need to do, I know it very well
and next time before blaming Rutba, look at yourself in the mirror first
Okay, maybe you don't believe me
I am sending you a video, look at it carefully
the same way, I have seen it as a wife
handle everything before its too late
Ronaq, think about it very carefully before taking my daughter's name & before putting an allegation on her
I cannot guarantee Altamash's character
but Rutba is my daughter
She will honor her father's respect & dignity by any means
 fathers always think like this about their daughters, brother
Rutba is fortunate that she is Mehr Ali Khan's daughter
if she had been Tanvir Ali Khan's daughter, then disability would have been written in her fate too
Ronaq!
stay in your limits!
brother... even today I can feel the poison of that bullet in my veins
 my every vein is very bitter from head to toe
I cannot forget that scene
that's why I want that no father shall ever fire on his daughter
if your daughter is precious to you, then my daughter is also precious to me
Azka is my everything, she is my life etc...
that's why I came to beg for her happiness from you at this hour of the night
you don't know brother
but Rutba & Altamash are in contact with each other since long time, also they are meeting too
they are planning to marry each other after removing Khursheed from between them
and that too under your nose
you weren't present in Arfa's henna ceremony
even that night, both of them were planning about their wedding
what!
brother, I am telling the truth. I have heard it with my own ears
Rutba wants to take divorce from Khursheed
that's why Khursheed didn't took her along with him, although you had insisted a lot
do something brother, but please save my Azka's life from getting ruined
sending back Rutba to Khursheed is the only & last solution of this matter
and... write something as such in Azka's name that Altamash shall never think about going back to Rutba
brother
the night our father had shot me
you were accompanying him
that shot had ruined my life
brother, today I am asking you for the compensation of those moments
try to control Rutba's emotions
and chain up Altamash's intentions
only you can do this
Transfer Saeedpur lands & Sheikhupura factories in my name
also your mansion too
I do have a right to test you this much
speak up
finally you remembered that Rutba also lives here
speak up Khursheed
why you have called?
I wanted to forget Rutba
but you don't let me forget it
I want to live in peace, but you don't let me live in peace as well
I wish I had broken uncle's heart once
then today I wouldn't have to break again & again
you have drowned me in the sea of humiliation in such a manner, where I can't see my existence anymore
I know that you've become such a big personality today
you have gone very high
but I haven't become so worthless
that whatever you'll say I will listen & accept
what kind of indictment is this?
that you didn't give a chance to the criminal for the justification, after putting an allegation
just announce the punishment
end this fake matter
that we used to be together sometime
believe me, I will not ask you for the justification of even a single word
you are roaming around in the free air with your favorite & like-minded girl
and I shall give the justification?
tell me
you need the justification of what?
let me send you the details of your deeds & misdeeds right away, Rutba
you are falsifying me, but how will you falsify yourself?
look at your video for once
I will bend down my head & become quiet, but how will you shut the mouth of the people around you?
I beg you..
don't fall from your status to an extent that the people associated to you shall also fall
it doesn't make any difference to you
but your Honorable father will die
enough Khursheed! Enough is enough
there is no room of a single word between us anymore
there is a room for a few words, Rutba
and maybe you need them too
Alright Khursheed Hasan
you are free to make a decision about leaving me
you can leave me whenever you want to
maybe this way it will be easier for you to make your future decisions
just think
that Rutba Mehr Ali
was never in your life
you have already decided it, Rutba
even I don't have to say it
Khursheed Hasan was a joke for you, he is still a joke & will always stay a joke
Bye!
brother, if you will not control this matter now
then nothing will be left behind
Rutba & Altamash has already decided
and Altamash has said that soon he will marry Rutba
and Rutba is also agreed
words aren't useless, Ronaq
one needs to pay for it after using them
you know that, right?
I know, brother
everyone is my loved one for me, they are my blood relation
only I know how I have uttered such words from my mouth
but separate Rutba from Altamash by any means, and send her back to Khursheed otherwise...
I fear to say such words
but the basis of all the three families will be shaken
Altamash is quite an emotional & furious guy
but Rutba
that poor girl's house will ruined second time as well
I am leaving now, brother
take care
 the basis of all the three families will be shaken
Altamash is quite an emotional & furious guy
but Rutba
that poor girl's house will ruined second time as well
so uncle, have you become successful in your motive?
 you have turned her against me
but you & Khursheed together cannot make me bend
for your ego & satisfaction, you did whatever you like so I will also do whatever I like
 I will give you such a wound that you won't be able to forget for life time!
Stop your rubbish, you absurd guy!
you are not worthy enough, that I shall wed off my only daughter to you
but still, I had handover her to you
brother, my son came here to marry your daughter & your are insulting him!
Ronaq is absolutely correct!
that brother like to insult everyone in public
Okay uncle, lets end it then
listen to me very carefully I am divorcing Rutba
you cannot do this, Altamash
you cannot do this!
Rutba, I divorce you!
I divorce you! I divorce you!
have you become happy on your decisions?
now let your daughter live in peace with empty hands
dad!
dad, what happened?
Aunty!
aunt Rasheeda! is somebody there?
dad, what happened to you?
dad, open your eyes. Please...
aunt Rasheeda!
is there anyone!
please dad, don't say this please...
I have no one except for you, please
I don't want anyone, I don't want anything. Please...
I cannot live
what's there to laugh about?
there I have lit a fire in the father's heart
and here, you have lit the fire on the husband's trust & belief
it seems Rutba will turn herself into ashes while burning you
and then she'll keep wandering in Mehr Ali house like an ash
mom, the matter is not about Khursheed's or uncle's trust
the matter is about Altamash's planning
until it won't fail, till then mine & Altamash's relation will stay in danger
why are you worrying about it, Azka?
its brother's work to handle Altamash
and nobody can do this task better than him
we have done our work
now you'll see
the further path will become easier
Rasheed & Rutba's relation is very important for brother
its his entire life's asset
he will never compromise on it
no matter if he has to loose his life for that
its aunt Sanober's call
so late night?
yes sister, greetings! Is everything alright?
what!
brother is in the hospital?
but I just came back a while ago after meeting him
so, why you had gone there?
actually...
the doctor is calling you, as the patient wants to speak to you
dad
dad, what has happened to you?
dad please keep it on. You need it please
Rutba
this is called life
two shoulders
and the burden on them
and two empty hands
Besides...
neither properties nor house
nor wealth...
or children
nothing...
what are you saying?
I need you
a lot of people needs you
dear..
the love of our loved ones keep us alive
but disloyalty kills
don't even think of being disloyal to Khursheed
because, you have no one except for him after me
dad
no one
I don't need anyone, I have no concern with anyone
I need you only
I...
I just want my father's happiness
you...
you want to marry Altamash after taking divorce from Khursheed
Rutba remember...
if you did this
then your father will stay upset in another world as well
dad
value Khursheed
don't get separated from him
what are you saying? There isn't any such thing, its all a lie
there isn't any such thing. Who said this to you?
if this is the matter then...
shut the mouth of yours & mine enemies from my grave's mud
dad
Rutba listen
the entire life, your father has fulfilled all his relations with complete honesty
he had never been dishonest with any relation
also he won't do that until his last breath
remember ...
you are my daughter
dad, please don't say such things. Please dad
No...
I have no one except for you, please
I don't want anyone, I don't want anything. Please...
I cannot live
dad
dad
dad!
dad
dad, open your eyes
dad...
doctor! nurse....
dad... dad, open your eyes please
doctor, please check what happened to him
please open your eyes dad
dad
he is no more, I am sorry
please check again
just now he was talking to me, please check him again
dad, listen to me
see, I have already checked he is no more so please don't give him pain
dad please
Nurse, take her outside
please go outside
Rutba! Rutba...
what happened to brother Mehr Ali?
how come he got unwell all of a sudden?
what happened to brother? and when? What are the doctors saying?
Rutba, tell us something
tell us Rutba, what are the doctors saying?
she isn't saying anything
Rutba
doctor, how is brother?
I'm sorry, he is no more
To Allah we belong and to Him we shall return
brother is no more! Oh.. my brother has died
how is this possible? Bazil...
Bazil, brother Mehr Ali has died
he was the biggest support of us sisters
Khursheed, come quickly
today you've become an orphan in real
the one who used to protect you & save you from the bitterness of this world
he has left this world
today, my brother... my guardian has died
Khursheed, come quickly
have a look at your father like uncle's face once again
there is a lot of peace & satisfaction on his face
the satisfaction of the hearts of all of us is on his face
come quickly, Khursheed...
I wish I could come, mom
if it was in my control, then I would have come to you in a second
uncle was just like my father
today he has left this world and I am not there
madam, they are calling you as they are taking away sir's dead for the final rights
show me his face one last time, we won't be able to see him again ever
we will never be able to see him again
tell them...