Where is Mr. Khursheed?
I don't know
If you permit, can we sit for a while? We are here for a short time
Greetings! Sir, why are you standing here? Come sit
Mr. Khursheed Hassan, first put the stuff
I'll take it. I'll put it in kitchen
Khursheed Hassan, you have upset your wife in an empty house?
You are proven so dumb
No sir, actually ..
This is the only result comes out to go on shopping without your wife
Be thankful that we reached otherwise all these eggs and tomatoes were being used on you
Mr. Khursheed, our plan was to surprise you so we have already arranged evening tea
Thank you!
I'll serve tea to everyone then
I'll help you
Come
Come sit
Come, please sit
I'm thankful to you
Let it go. I didn't do any such thing
Haven't you heard, Good friend helps you at the right time. Also, we are neighbors
You considered me your friend, I'm thankful
Why is Rutba upset with you?
Sorry, that I'm asking you a personal question. But how can someone be upset with you?
They get upset with people like me
Who can't be upset in return
Is it love marriage?
If I am reborn ..
even then Rutba won't like me
Yes, but you like her. There is no denial in that
Let this little pride left inside me
No! I don't like her right now
Please do not ask this question to me again
Hello?
Auntie, this is Rutba
My dear Rutba, my sweetheart
how are you, my child?
I'm fine and alive. This is why I dialed your number
What are you saying my dear? May you live long
How's Altamash, auntie?
He's better. Doctors are checking him otherwise I would have asked him to talk to you
No! It isn't needed.
I called to ask for his health. I'll disconnect now
Rutba, whose number is this?
Its my number but do not call on this number
My child, forgive me. We made a huge mistake
Altamash is too embarrassed as well.
Yes auntie. He has apologized already by getting married to Azka
Bye!
Listen Rutba
You have been sent here as my responsibility
You are married to me and are my dignity.
And I'm trying hard to give you every thing that is your right
But if you will exploit my soft behavior then it is my right to tell you your limits
what do you mean?
You won't have any relation or contact with Altamash
Look Khursheed ..
I'm not asking for explanations.
I'm clarifying that no matter how inferior I am for you, this marriage wasn't forceful
You agreed.
Now that you have agreed, then no other man can have a space in your life
neither for sympathies nor for mercies.
Understood?
You both sisters should be ashamed. Look at the way you are fighting.
Is this is how you are acting at this moment, how will you act at hard times?
Explain her. Ask her to control her tongue or else I'll cut it
Azka! What has happened to you?
How will you be able to stay with a guy like Altamash if you'd act this emotional?
Try to control yourself. Your war has just started. Don't forget that you haven't won the game
Mother, this is the reason that I speak too.
She has started considering herself something big after uncle gave the ownership of his lands.
Shut up or else I'll break your head
Azka!
Mother, I will talk to this ill-mannered woman after she'd come in her senses
Go away! I'm not interested too
mom, Why did this happen to me?
The most important day of my life is ruined.
Do you know all my friends are messaging me and making fun. Everyone is missing Rutba, still
Infact, Altamash is calling Rutba's name in hospital.
Now I'm getting angry at him too, I'm telling you
Calm down. What has happened to you? I'm here. Act sensibly. I'll talk about your marriage.
Nothing will happen. I know it well
Azka?
Come in. Thanks to God that my son has come back home
I'll sacrifice goats for my child. Bazil, bring 2 black goats for sacrifice.
Yes!
May good news come. I'll call Ronak to bring Azka
Mother, call Rutba
Make me talk to her. I want to listen to her voice
Please!
How is Altamasha, auntie?
Yes auntie, he has already apologized by getting married to Azka
I'm clarifying that no matter how inferior I am for you, this marriage wasn't forceful You agreed.
Now that you have agreed, no other man can have a space in your life neither for sympathies nor for mercies.
What does he think of himself?
He'll say few emotional words and I'll listen to him?
Its upto me who I talk to or meet.
Who is he to stop me?
Its my wish
I made a huge mistake by telling you that Rutba called to ask about your health
No, neither it was you or Rutba who made the mistake.
It was uncle who made the mistake by building a huge wall between us
I will definitely take the revenge
Enough Altamash. Azka has come into your life now.
Give her the status she deserves. And stop following Rutba like a greedy lion
She has gone far away
I know how to increase or reduce the distance
Understood?
Come Azka! We were talking about you
Greetings auntie! How is Altamash now?
Are you in pain?
mom, I want to rest for a while. Can you please leave me alone
He is right. He needs rest. We both will leave. Where is Ronak my child?
Mother is with uncle
Fine, we'll go to her.
Come my child. Lets go downstairs
Auntie, these are only 10 clothes. Where are rest of them?
My child, brother Mehr has talked to boutique already. They will send rest of them
She always does this. You know that I have to go to university. I don't like repeating dresses. Please ask her to send more
Look my child
What is it?
Brother Mehr, no matter what our daughter wears it seems that it is made for her, isn't it?
Yes, even if she wears a sac, she'd look good
father?
My child, they will come. Don't worry
You complain from people who change
why are you punishing those who are loyal to you since always?
whom are you defending? Father or yourself?
Look Ms Tazmeen, it is important to keep some relations as happy as you are picking roses from bare hands
You do get hurt but no one sees the blood.
Because it isn't as precious as rose
All I could understand is that fate wants to bring you together.
When what fate wants, then do not worry about small differences
Small differences?
You are insulting my courage and strength both
You should at least praise my patience
All I can say is that you both would start understanding each other very soon
And it won't take long for Rutba to realize that she has got a wonderful man as a life partner
I have accepted your praise as a debt
Very good
I will wait for you to pay this debt
Sure!
But the condition is that you won't praise me, but Rutba
I didn't get you
I feel that this wall of pride between you two is made of ice
And you need a little praise to melt this ice.
I hope that you will ponder on your friend's advice.
Greetings madam Rutba
Greetings!
Sir has sent some stuff
for what?
I don't know. This is for you and sir Khursheed
Take it back and ask father that I don't need his charity
Aslam uncle
Greetings!
Greetings! How are you?
Fine
Leave this stuff here and you go
Haven't you heard? Take it back
You go. This will stay here
One more thing. Keep this
eat something on your way
Thank you!
Take care
Bye sir!
Who are you to interfere between me and father?
what do you want?
what is the limit of your anger or revenge, tell me this?
You are hurting uncle so much. And I feel that until you see him dead, you won't get peace
Enough!
Think a hundred times before saying such thing
Focus on your actions, then you won't find my words foolish
He isn't well.
Mother was telling me that he has called doctor twice at home. He takes care of every happiness of yours, and all you are giving him in return is pain
Parents are like gifts.
If you do not value them, they find a grave only to lighten up their hearts.
I was saying, if you find it appropriate then do Azka's ruksati
There is no need of a big celebration. We can arrange a simple event at home
I think this is what will happen now.
Big celebrations do not suit us. Every time something wrong happens
Ronak, what's the rush? The guy has broken his leg.
They had put rod in his leg.
He is using support to walk and here you want to do the wedding ceremony?
Yes brother, you are right
But I never thought that Altamash'a and Azka's commitment would prove this lucky.
God has blessed our homes very much. We had everything.
But see, after wedding my daughter would get ownership of millions.
I have to speak something important to you Ronak
Yes sister?
Look, wedding is done.
Altamash wants you to talk to brother Mehr before final wedding ceremony
About what sister?
Transfer the lands to Altamash's name that Azka has
this is Altamash's condition
what do you want? what is the limit of your anger or revenge, tell me this?
You are hurting uncle so much. And I feel that until you see him dead, you won't get peace
What do I do of this father?
For whom shall I get ready?
Those eyes are upset with me that I wanted to see my reflection in
what do I do of this?
Those mirrors were dirty that you used to see your reflection in
be thankful that you are safe now
you should complain about people who change.
Why are you punishing those who have always been loyal to you?
whom are you defending?
Father or your own self?
I don't need to defend anyone, Rutba
Neither I'm the criminal not uncle.
Also, you don't need witnesses when law is blind
Brother
Sit Rasheeda
do not keep thinking so much and burden your heart.
Don't you remember what doctor said? Do not take any tension
Stay happy
You are right Rasheeda,
These plants and trees were saying the same to me that Mehr you aren't talking to us these days
You are lost in our presence.
Rasheeda, two things make a person lonely
a lot of wealth and a lot of selfish relations
I have both of these
May God give long life to daughter Rutba and Khursheed
Their relationship becomes filled with love.
Then you won't feel lonely, brother. You will be running after grand children then
Really Rasheeda? Is it possible?
why not brother? Hope for the best.
Do not consider yourself weak. God will bless this house with happiness. God wills
God willing
Rasheeda, you have changed my thoughts.
It will be beautiful time when Rutba's and Khursheed's children will be with us.
My last days will pass smoothly
May God bless you with long life
Hello? Greetings! Yes, Ronak?
I gave Azka the ownership of the house. Who is he to get the ownership?
I'm coming
Mr. Khursheed....
no matter how many books do you read or get degrees.
It is you who has to cook the bread
happy wedding
I have to do everything here
Umm .. Ms. Tazneem called for you
Call her back
Rutba?
What?
Come, lets have dinner together
I'm not hungry
I want to sleep
Rut ...