Look at my face.
My eyes, my nose and my lips are the same.
You are sitting as close to me as I am sitting close to you.
And I didn't deprive you from your any right.
Thank you Rutba.
You took good care of me today.
More than my expectations.
Really?
What else do you expect from me?
That I am a proud, ill mannered and rude girl.
Who doesn't have manners to talk to anyone and doesn't know how to interact with others?
Who can't give any favor to others and she doesn't know about the importance of sincerity, adoption and relations. Am I right?
I didn't say anything like that.
Hmm, but you think like that.
You are not Rutba Meher Ali that you say whatever you think.
You are Khurshid Hasan.
Who bears bitter moments with a smile.
I didn't understand one thing.
That you are praising yourself and considering me bad or you are praising me and considering yourself bad.
Day is a day and night is a night.
No matter how much I consider myself worthy of praise.
But coming here to you, I have come to know that virtue is that which is recognized by the world.
How can I consider you bad?
You only have good qualities.
That's why whole world praises you.
Do you know?
Today you are not looking like Rutba Meher Ali but like Meher Ali Khan.
I wish.
I wish I was like my father.
But I am not even like his shadow.
This is not the case.
Parents are like dense shadows.
So how can their children be bare sunlight?
Whether you are not like your uncle but there is his image in you and his tone reflects in your tone.
He is hiding somewhere inside you but you don't know.
You my dad so much. Don't you?
But me, despite being her real daughter, I can't express my love for him like this.
Now I am realizing that why does dad love you so much.
Why?
Because you know the skill to win hearts.
You make everyone yours.
What do you mean by everyone?
Everyone.
Dad, aunt, Tazmeen, your students and...
And?
Is there anyone else, whom I made mine or considered as mine?
There is one more name.
I will tell you if you ask.
Tell me.
Well...
That
That canteen vendor.
Whose hand made meal you eat daily.
OK
This is right as well.
I think there is definitely something going on between Altamash and brother.
And that is related to you.
Mom
If Altamash has locked any deal with uncle in my name then I will definitely reveal that.
Because then there will be my right on that deal instead of Altamash.
I am his wife, he married me with his will and
He is not feeling ashamed by blackmailing uncle.
Listen Azka
If Altamash is getting any benefit from brother then let him do that. In the end whatever he belongs will also be yours.
But how mom, he didn't even tell me anything about that.
He hides everything from me as if he doesn't believe me. He doesn't trust me.
Win his heart as well his trust.
Listen, keep an eye of his every matter.
Act so wisely that he doesn't know about that but you know about his every matter.
Engage the servants of house with you.
Listen Azka, I want to see your rule over that house.
Right mom.
At the moment I just want to know that what is in those files.
You?
Since how long you are standing here quietly?
Why mom.
Didn't you like?
Why do we talk such things which we want to hide from the whole world?
Mom you are not telling Azka ways to rule but to fall from people's sight.
And that too to Azka, who always thinks emotionally and negatively.
Mom you are showing her the way of destruction by calling it a way of success.
What nonsense you are talking? From where you are learning this rudeness?
Will you tell your mother that what is right and what is wrong?
Why not mom?
Mother is also a human, she can make mistakes.
The meanings of good and bad don't change, it's humans who needs to change.
Get lost. Get lost. Get out of my room. Go.
Get lost, don't show me your face again. She will teach me. Huh.
Azka
Azka open the door.
What are you looking at?
The most beautiful thing of this room is standing in front of you.
Beautiful things don't look good if they are shattered.
By the way, remember one thing that doors of this rooms shouldn't be closed ever in my presence.
What were you doing which needed to be hid from me as well.
Nothing.
I fell asleep while waiting for you.
Don't take your eyes away like this.
Rest is fine.
You are right Altamash.
You shouldn't take your eyes away on any question.
And I hope that this rules applies on both of us.
I will be going to visit my lands in the morning so I will have to get up early.
Perhaps it would fell out from the file.
By the way, why did uncle send factory file to you?
Tell me as well.
Listen to me carefully Azka.
If you will try to interfere in my personal matters then you will never live happily in this house.
Other than that, do shopping, go for outings and do whatever you want.
If you try to spy on me again, you will neither be able to live in this house nor in my heart.
I will do that much to you that you will not find a place to step on the earth.
If I don't return this slap to you with the same intensity, then don't call me Azka again.
Ronaq, it was your desire that Altamash become your son-in-law.
And Azka also considered Rutba as a hindrance in her way because of her desire.
No brother, you are thinking wrong, there is no such thing.
Azka loves Rutba so much.
I have no grievances from you Ronaq, rather I am thankful to both of you.
I am just telling you that now it's your job to bind Altamash in relationships.
I can give you flute but I can't teach you how to play it.
Keep this in mind that I have paid off those debts which were not obligatory for me.
Yes brother, I am really thankful to you and pray for you all the times. We don't need anything except your hand on our heads.
Ronaq, advise Azka that on her desire, whatever fate has given her she should stand with that whether that turns out to be a flower or an ember.
If she stays calm and patient then that ember will turn into a flower some day.
Else
The skirt must also be sieved and the heart too.
Go
Learn to live happily.
Whatever is happening between me and Altamash just leave that apart.
No one will get benefit through bad intentions and impatience.
I wanted to make you understand.
Yes brother I understood.
Thanks brother.
Bye
Ronaq, you are going so soon?
It would be better if you have dinner with us.
You are having it Rasheeda, isn't that enough?
I didn't understand.
If you could understand that then why would it happen?
My brother loves you more than me.
And why would your value be more and mine is less in this house?
You live in this castle like house as a queen but look like a servant.
I couldn't adopt such get up Rasheeda.
That's why whenever I come here, I count the bitterness of brother's tone and his wrinkles of forehead.
But you are fine. Everything is good for you.
I believe that we don't find such kind of people again and again.
To whom your heart greet with passion and eyes give respect by bowing the head.
Miss Rutba, it's not only me who says this rather every resident of this building, lecturers of college, students and principal, everyone likes him so much.
The people who are liked in the heavens
The same people are liked by everyone in this world as well.
I started? It has been started by you Azka.
Till you were in this house, you kept making fuss. You like to make noise and fun.
Now you have gone there and married to Altamash after so much difficulty even then you are coming here crying out loud.
I am really happy to share this news with all of you
That our college's overall GPA this year has enabled us to enter the list of this country's top ten colleges.
From my side, many many congratulation to all of you honorable teachers.
You have worked really hard on your students and I am really happy about that.
Well the second good news is that like always we will send our three nominated lecturers to UK to complete their MS on scholarship.
We will make announcements at the end of next semester.
Now make groups. We will ask different groups to get ready for extra curricular activities like Bone-fire, hiking and camping.
Every group will consist of three teachers and thirty students.
Thank you.
Mama
Mama
What happened? Is everything alright?
Where is mama?
She is not at home. What happened now? Tell me.
What do you mean by "what happened now"?
Altamash beat me.
He slapped me.
What does he think of himself?
He thinks that I am less intelligent, weak and fool like Rutba?
It's his misunderstanding.
You will see that how will I teach him the lesson?
So it has come to this extent.
Just a few days have passed after your marriage Azka.
It's not been few months and you. You used to talk about Altamash's love and now you are complaining against him.
You have started to taunt me again.
I started?
It has been started by you Azka, till you were in this house you used to make fuss. You like to make noise and have fun.
Now you have gone there after getting Altamash after so much difficulties.
Even then you are here crying out loudly.
And Rutba? Rutba is not fool and weak.
She is living a peaceful life with Khurshid in this small city with patience and thankfulness but you are not satisfied even after getting Altamash.
It means that problem is with you.
You will not find peace until you disturb me and hurt my heart.
Why are you so jealous from me?
What qualities do you have? There is no quality in you except jealousy and hatred.
You couldn't make room in Altamash's heart so now you have come here to disrupt the peace of our house.
Altamash has slapped you. Right?
He did right thing.
Ah, mama
So tell me now, I did right thing by beating you. Hmm.
Mama
Mama
What happened?
What happened?
Mama Azka has beaten me.
You have beaten her.
Yes she deserves that.
Huh, Rutba's supporter. Get away.
Sit here.
Saleha
Bring first aid kit immediately.
Go and bring first aid kit for sister.
My foot.
Azka
She should die.
Press it from here. I will bring that. Saleha
It's not sufficient to know the routes only, Altamash.
The success is to understand the route properly and get to final destination.
Animals know the routes much better than us.
But there is a difference between humans and animals.
Now tell me, what do you want to say?
You have given me the documents of Sheikupura's factory.
But you didn't transfer in my name.
What do I do with those documents?
Legally you are still the owner.
You have got the documents.
And you are getting the profit as well. As far as ownership is concerned.
For that you will have to wait.
Wait for what?
Wait for Ronaq and Azka's endorsement.
It's not sufficient to keep Azka in your house.
You will have to give Azka status of your wife.
Ronaq just called me.
I am awake.
You should also wake up Altamash.
It seems that you are still sleeping.
You slapped her.
If you treat Azka like that then don't get any hope to receive any kindness from me.
So aunt have brought her case into your court.
Listen to me uncle.
Whatever was discussed among was in a legal way.
If you will talk about behavior then you will regret so much.
Azka is legally my wife and that's it.
You will have to fulfill your promise.
You will have to transfer ownership of factory to me other wise
Otherwise? What do you mean by otherwise?
Azka's settlement is a different thing, I won't let Rutba live peacefully.
Even today, my voice can deprive her of peace and tranquility.
You know this and so do I.
If you took the name of Rutba with your dirty tongue
Then I will forget Altamash that you are only son of my real sister.
If the price of Rutba's tranquility and peace is your blood
I won't waste a single minute in taking that.
At the moment, you will have to transfer the ownership of Sheikhupura's factory in my name uncle.
And as far as my blood's worth then you will have to sell everything you own to pay it's worth.
It's a not good match between old bones and young blood.
I am leaving.
Like always we will send our three nominated lecturers to UK to complete their MS on scholarship.
Do I ask one thing from you?
Yes, go ahead.
If I will have to go somewhere for a specific period then will you stay at uncle's home or go with me?
Won't you ask before going that "Rutba go with me as well"?
This is not the answer of my question.
So, this is it.
When question arises from both ends then answer is hidden in curtains like that.
By the way, you rightly say one thing about yourself.
What?
That you are proud and arrogant.
But then you say this as well that whatever is in your heart, you don't hide that.
Then what's the reason that whenever I ask any question from you, your answers hide from me.
Let me check.
Come in.
I thought if you are free then we will make the list for college picnic program.
Didn't you make that?
Yes I made it but you know about business students.
Please sit.
Are miss Rutba here?
Yes she is here. Please sit.
So you have decided this.
Yes, only business students are left, so twenty will be completed.
Here comes tea.
Hey, you bothered for no reason.
You send something daily and we take your tea daily.
So I thought to complete this duty myself today.
You have made very delicious tea.
So you are going with us. Right?
Well, I didn't tell her about that event.
But why?
Let's go with us Rutba, you will enjoy so much.
College management has chosen a very beautiful farm house for picnic.
OK
But you are saying this.
Khurshid never said any such thing to me.
Well, no, I didn't do that because Rutba is habitual of comforts.
I don't know whether all those facilities will be there in that farm house, to which she is habitual.
So I thought.
What did you think?
You thought that I can live in this cottage by leaving Meher Ali house but how can I pass a single day anywhere else. It's just an excuse.
Say it clearly that you don't want to take me with you.
Mr. Khurshid, how bad it is.
So it is fixed that you are going to participate with us in this program.
Khurshid should say this to me.
Of course.
Mr. Khurshid you should say this to her.
So convince her to go with us, I am leaving now.
Good bye
Will you go with me?
Do you really want me to go with you?
I mean there will be miss Tazmeen and miss Azra with you, so I feel that you will be more happy without me. 
Even then.
If you will ask me to go with you then I will go.
If I will have to go somewhere for a specific period then will you stay at uncle's house or go with me?
By the way, you rightly say one thing about you that you are proud and arrogant.
But then you say this as well that whatever is in your heart, you don't hide that.
Where are you madam? Whereas Mr. Khurshid is very near you.
Where can I go?
I am here.
I am observing your busyness.
A free person can't do anything other than getting lost in other people's busyness.
Why are you saying this?
Mr. Khurshid is himself a busyness for you.
Your attentions shouldn't be diverted anywhere else.
You do regard Khurshid so much.
He is like that Rutba.
He is loved by every person present here.
He is dearest to everyone.
But only you are dear to him. Isn't this a regard for you?
You say this but Khurshid never said any such thing to me.