only mine & Altamash's union is important 
see... all of this is so pretty & beautiful
 but still incomplete
you cannot do this, Altamash
Rutba, I divorce you!
I divorce you! I divorce you!
Rutba... 
Rutba
open your eyes Rutba
Rutba
Khursheed!
bring the car
bring some water
 Rutba... Rutba
mom
thank you! 
thank you so much! calm down
Mr. Mehr
doctor, isn't there any danger? Will my daughter be fine?
it will be appropriate for us to say anything once she gains conscious
for now we'll keep her in the intensive care, just pray that God makes things easier
what had happened, Khursheed?
how did this happen?
I hadn't thought about it
I had lost my contumacy & ego in front of Rutba's happiness
then how come this had happened?
uncle, maybe Altamash got very angry upon not bringing the properties documents & jewelry
what are you saying?
I had tried to tell you about it so many times
Rutba hadn't brought anything along with her from the farmhouse, she had locked the locker as it is
oh Khursheed, what have you done!
please sit
wretched man!
that wretched man should have asked me once, or should have told me 
I would have given him everything for the sake of my daughter's happiness
everything will be fine, uncle
don't worry
what had happened?
what had happened with us!
my brain is completely numb
what is this darkness, sister?
We had gone so happily to get our Altamash's bride
brother has humiliated us a lot
what brother Mehr Ali has done!
he has ruined all of us along with him
Altamash, take a deep breath
quiet!
quiet
I don't need anyone's sympathies
I won't spare uncle!
I will ensure to take the revenge of this insult from him
I am thinking... 
what will happen to Rutba now?
this selfish & greedy person has changed her life
she will not be the same Rutba anymore
I feel like killing him!
I wish that boy wasn't my nephew
do';t worry, uncle
whatever God do is for the betterment
I'm with you
Altamash, what are you doing? Have you gone mad!
yes, I have become crazy!
what is this... 
what have you done? Azka, go & bring first aid box
mom see, what I have done
what have I done!
I will go mad. I have distant Rutba from myself
no dear, nothing will happen. We are with you, everything will be fine
nothing will be fine
nothing will be fine
my anger has finished everything by distancing Rutba from me
do the band aid
Azka, quickly do the band aid
and see, not a single inch of glass should be left. Otherwise it will not heal
mom, don't worry. The wound will heal completely
it won't leave any visible sign
what is the madness!
sister come with me, lets send the maid so that she can clean it
please come
how can I leave him like this?
Azka is here, she is looking after him. Please come
brother Bazil, please come lets discuss about it
Altamash, gather yourself!
everything happened because of Rutba
even today she gave importance to her father's words upon yours
she didn't trusted you
if she would have trusted, then she would have brought the jewelry & documents
what's the big deal in it?
I agree that you did a mistake emotionally
but it happens in anger
if anyone else would have been there in your place
then he would have made the same decision
I have lost Rutba
how will I live?
I don't understand
the more you will think about her, the more you will get hurt
let me bring the medicine for you
rest for a while
I won't get any rest
her face is in my eyes
not on Rutba
but try to focus on the wealth that you have lost
and that too just because of Rutba's stupidity
if you have to mourn then mourn over it
Rutba had made you suffered with great loss & you are still taking her name
try not to remember her
but to forget her
keep your suggestion with yourself!
Altamash
Rutba
Altamash
Altamash, you cannot leave me
Rutba, are you fine?
Altamash... you cannot leave me like this
let me call the doctor
Altamash, please don't leave me
please don't leave me... please
nurse, please check
please Altamash
are her vitals fine?
please don't leave me
please Altamash
I had told you at night that her condition is really bad & she is in a lot of stress
don't discuss any such thing in front of her that will give her more stress
also, she needs a lot of care
Altamash
there won't be any benefit of making a long face & sitting idle
both of you do the breakfast
I am not liking anything at all, its difficult for me to take a morsel
we have lost everything
only sand is left in our hands
I don't understand, whether to pour in on the head or to eat it?
what needs to be done next?
go to some religious scholar & find out the solution of this problem
yes! only this is left now
as if Mehr Ali would be waiting for you that you'll come with a Fatwa (a ruling on a point of Islamic law given by a recognized authority)
and he will send off Rutba once again with you, right?
I was in anger! I have said it in anger
but it doesn't mean that I shall be separated from Rutba
I'm telling you, either Mehr Ali or anyone can come in between me & Rutba
Greetings!
hey come Ronaq, come & sit with me
yes..
please come & take out the solution of this problem
come
we will get the solution as well
what is the need to worry a lot? 
First of all we should get to know what is going on over there
Azka, you should have gone there
but my work is over there
what do you mean?
I mean, I have to take care of aunty & you over here
mom had sent Arfa over there
how is your hand now?
please start eating
eat some
Rasheeda
Rasheeda
yes! yes brother?
Rutba, how are you? How are you feeling now?
Rasheeda, go & check if Rutba's room is clean
brother, I have got each & everything cleaned in her room
how would I know that she will come in this condition
are you fine?
how is your condition?
Rasheeda, take her to her room
and take care of her
come my dear
I am highly satisfied now
mom, I wish I could have wings then I would have gone to see in what condition Rutba is
she had so much of pride on her & Altamash's love
she doesn't used to get tired while telling us about her love stories
everything got ruined
and that Altamash!
who couldn't even breathe without Rutba... 
he had pronounced the divorce three times in a single go
now brother will get to know
what grief is... what do we call agony
and how one's heart gets injured
my daughter will get her love for sure
Altamash cannot resist for long
Azka, its very easy to win a man's heart
specially that man who is already hurt by another woman
the antidote of a poison is poison
and the antidote of an injury given by a woman is only an ointment applied by another woman
are you getting me?
I'm understanding everything, mom
don't you worry at all
I will never leave Altamash alone
I will ensure to keep him away from Rutba's memories too
dad please, don't stain your hands from his blood
otherwise, these stains will stay on your character for life time
ask him to... 
divorce Ronaq, right away!
otherwise, I will not care about the fact that... 
whether the blood is staining my hands or character
ask him
to leave Ronaq
or to leave the hope of staying alive.
Tell him!
I divorce Ronaq Jahan
I divorce her!
I divorce her!
Rutba
dear, Rasheeda was telling me that you are not eating food
dear, you will fall sick like this
Rutba
I'm talking to you, Rutba
I have already fallen sick, dad
the grief is eating me
I am becoming hollow from within
I am finishing!
are you happy now, dad?
you wanted this, right?
that Altamash & I shall never be together
your lands, wealth, properties, daughter... your every precious thing shall stay with you
safe inside your lockers
and nobody shall make a demand from you about them
dad, whatever you wanted has been done
but now... 
anyone's consolation... false hopes.. 
I don't need anyone's false hopes, or false love at all
I don't need it!
what are your plans now? 
uncle, I had applied for a job in the college as a lecturer. So they have asked me to give the joining
I will do that, and I will prepare for PhD along with it 
All praise to God! May God bless you with success in every exam of your life
Altamash, finally you have called me
Azka, I have an important work with you
anyways, at least for the sake of work
at least you have remembered me
tell me, what work is it?
listen to me very carefully
you have to get me an answer of whatever I am asking you
Okay
I will let you know after getting information about it
but you have to promise me one thing
we will meet somewhere outside
Okay
Khursheed
shall I make tea for you?
you haven't eaten your dinner properly as well
I am so worried about you
why are you worrying, mom?
your son is not that weak
you should be worried about those who haven't seen any pain or griefs in their life
who had never spent a hard life
are you talking about Rutba?
Khursheed, it will take some time for her to get stabled
She used to like Altamash since childhood
she was crazy after Altamash
the childhood's love spread on the surface of one's heart like a grass
and its not an easy thing to separate it from your heart
mom, my result have come
I've got first position
really! heartiest congratulations my dear
oh God, thank you so much
congratulations Khursheed!
greetings uncle!
greetings! All praise to God.. very nice
I saw this dream for you long time ago, when you were quite small
and you entered this house for the first time while holding your mother's finger
thank you, uncle
I wanted to give this news to you first, but..
but what?
look, if Rutba is my life then you are also dear to me like a son
Rubta's grief has its own place
but right now your happiness is really important
Rasheeda, heartiest congratulations!
distribute the sweets
oh brother, what is the need for this?
keep it
thank you!
what are your plans now?
uncle, I had applied for a job in the college as a lecturer. So they have asked me to give the joining
I will do that, and I will prepare for PhD along with it
All praise to God! May God bless you with success in every exam of your life
uncle, the college is not in Karachi
its in Hassanabad
I have made the arrangements of my stay there, so I will live over there
Khursheed, whatever you feel appropriate
I don't like to come in between the path of success
live comfortably, move forward & gain a lot of success
I only want this
oh mom... 
why are you worrying?
I will come to meet you every month
everything got finished so easily
we have dreamt about so many things
all of this is the result of Altamash's impatient nature
we need to cool down the hunt first then we eat it
how will he live now?
eventually he will fall in love with someone else but... 
Mehr Ali's wealth
we have to do something, Bazil
I won't be leaving the wealth so easily
Altamash, where are you going?
the life is running so fast, mom
if I will stop somewhere then the time will run ahead of me
see you in the evening
brother...
brother, please do something
I am losing my patience now
we have to bring back Rutba back to life
what if she takes her life while living a suffocating life
now tell me, what is the matter
why are you in such a hurry?
try to have some patience, Altamash
didn't you see, how you have done so much of loss because of this impatient nature of yours
lets order first, then we'll talk
you also order
ok?
Rutba
dear, until when you'll keep yourself locked inside this room?
you were so happy to imprison me, right?
so now stay unhappy
see...
your dearest daughter is imprisoned within the tall walls of your mansion
her restless soul is imprisoned in her body
now see, who will be set free first
Rutba
don't say such things
don't reprimand this way
nobody is forcing you for anything
you are independent like before
go out...
call your friends & go for outings
I want you to come back towards life
and stay happy
dad, you had never liked me to be happy & to go for outings
then why are you saying all of these things now?
leave me alone
how shall I leave you?
dear, you are the only happiness of my life
dad, don't say such things which doesn't suits you
you are Mehr Ali Khan
the billionaire...
nobody can dare to say no upon your orders
nobody can smile without your consent
but your daughter's heart, Rutba's heart is not your estate dad
she had only wished for one person
that only person which was her life, happiness, laughter.. he was her everything, dad
and your wrong decisions have snatched him away from her for life time
now don't keep any sort of expectations from me
the hope to live happily, or to stay happy etc..
are you happy on your decisions?
now let your daughter live her life with empty hands
do you know, going out was just an excuse
in real I wanted you to come out of the depression
tell me honestly, are you feeling better?
now tell me, what did the religious scholar had said?
I have got all the information
its almost impossible for you to get Rutba again
what are you saying, Azka?
how can it be impossible for a man to get that woman whom he loves?
there is a way, but...
its impossible for you
what are you trying to say? Say it clearly
you have pronounced divorce to Rutba three times in one go
now you cannot remarry her
until she doesn't marry another person
and then he leaves her
yes, after that you can marry her again
are you getting what I am saying?
what?
yes
so tell me
will you be able to live happily with such a girl who...
had been someone else's wife before becoming your wife?
I want to talk to Rutba
I want to talk to Rutba right away! and you'll make me speak to her
understand?
what is this happening, mom?
can't you see? I am ironing your clothes
I can see that
but I can also see what you are trying to hide from me
how will I live without you?
until I don't kiss your forehead in the morning
until I wash your clothes with my own hands
until I make tea for you
my day doesn't get over
how will I live?
I have to think that how will my days pass without you
I don't like that place where you are not with me
the dreams that you have seen for me, this is the first step towards its fulfillment
if I will see tears in your eyes, then my journey will become more difficult
you will teach very well
all of your students will be very happy
Do tell them for sure
that you teach a very good lesson to your mother as well
you haven't understood as of yet
that guy was not in love with you but he was in love with Mehr Ali Khan's wealth
how shall I explain you my naive daughter?
even such a big accident couldn't explain you
greetings uncle!
greetings Azka
uncle, actually I...
I have an idea that you have come to tell me something important
tell me don't worry, the matter will stay within us. Speak up
uncle, Altamash has sent me here in compulsion
he wants to discuss something very important with Rutba
call him. Tell him that you are with Rutba
call him
Ok
hello!
Hello Altamash! Rutba is with me
make me speak to Rutba
she doesn't want to talk to you, she is not ready to say or listen to anything
put the phone on the speaker
I've switched it on
Rutba, listen to me
please forgive me Rutba, I know its my mistake
Rutba, you can punish me in whatever manner you want to
Rutba, at least say something
don't hurt me by staying quiet like this
Rutba, I am already in so much of agony
Rutba, I am in so much of agony. I couldn't sleep the entire night, I can see you everywhere
speak up Rutba
oho! She is crying a lot
she isn't saying anything
Rutba, please don't cry. I promise you that I will wipe all of your tears
I will give you so much of happiness that you will forget everything
Rutba, we'll be together once again
I promise you
Rutba, please don't hurt yourself like this
I will look for another way, I promise you
Rutba
we just have to meet one time, please