Stop!
lets go!
Khursheed Hasan
yes sir
haven't you seen the mirror while leaving home?
yes sir?
go inside the washroom & look at the mirror
greetings, brother
what had happened with us, sister!
what brother has done?
my heart is bleeding
he insulted our son Altamash in front of that low class guy!
I was amazed! I was staring at his face, I couldn't utter a single word
what does brother think of us? Are we made up of wax?
that he can turn us towards any side
where is Altamash?
he is locked inside his room since last night, he isn't talking to anyone
oh! my dear child... 
why are you standing here? Go & check on him
fix his mood, explain & comfort him. Appease him & bring him here
yes mom
let me try
hi!
Azka you!
what's the matter?
didn't you like my arrival?
Azka, my mood is very off
I don't want to meet or talk to anyone
I don't want to say anything bitter in anger & anyone shall get hurt with it
and if someone likes your bitter words too
then?
Altamash, you are in pain. How can I leave you alone?
Talk to me! Talking will reduce the pain
I promise you!
even if you say anything bitter, I will gulp it happily
one needs to do all this in order to fulfill their relation with their loved ones
and then... 
We are not strangers to each other
did Rutba called?
she did, but I didn't receive
but uncle did all this.. 
so why are you punishing Rutba?
she isn't ready to think beyond uncle's influence
dad says this... dad says that
dad wants this... dad wants that
she has already spent enough of her life with her dad
dad's dearest!
you are hundred percent right
Altamash, do you know
the girls who doesn't want to come out of their father's influence
they are never able to keep their husband happy
you are her to-be-husband
how can she give priority to her father's words upon your words?
she has to change herself
brother, last night there has been a misunderstanding
sister Sanober didn't touched a single food item
their anger was quite evident
Rasheeda, I don't care about anyone's anger
I have taken the decision as per my principles
for marriage it was decided that Rutba & Altamash will complete their education
Altamash left his studies, as its not in my control
but I can take decisions for Rutba
yes but Rutba is quite sensitive in this matter
We have to take care of this as well
her mother's sudden death & your extra love has spoiled her a lot
No Rasheeda, neither her mother's death nor my unfavorable love
in fact, the main reason behind the flaws in Rutba's character are my sisters
I wish, I could have kept her away from them since childhood
but the last thing is that, I am Rutba's father & fathers don't only give love
in fact, they can scold you if required
Rutba has to understand that by fulfilling her all the wishes in her life I've just requested her
to keep my honor intact
Khursheed, come here
*greetings!*
haven't you gone to give tuition today?
and what stains are these on your shirt?
I came to change my shirt, it got dirty
brother, I am coming in a while. 
Come, let me give you another shirt
Sir, this is the mischievousness of our child Rutba. I saw it myself in the morning
what's missing in my upbringing, Rutba?
what not I did to bring betterment in your identity?
I got you enrolled into the best & most expensive schools & colleges
is this my fault?
dear, love makes you a good person
how come you got spoiled? And I didn't get to know
dad I.. 
I don't want to listen to anything. Not even a single word. Go & apologize to Khursheed
dad!
didn't you hear me?
go & apologize to him for your actions that had hurt him
he must have been so hurt
you have to apologize to him
your status won't change. 
You will still remain the same Khursheed agname Sheeday
no matter if you get ten degrees in front of your name still, you cannot become like Altamash
and neither my father will transfer any part of his wealth in your name
Khursheed...
Khursheed!
why you came here?
is there anything left for you to do?
you haven't done the right thing by complaining to my dad
Rutba, only weak people do complains
and as weak as you think of me, I am not that weak
you think yourself as a very strong person, right?
Rutba Ali Khan, people like you become stronger by wealth & money
for us, our strength & wealth is our character
and you don't have any concern with it
you think big of yourself, right?
but you don't hold any value
you can make my dad a fool by showing that you are better than me & Altamash
but its not like that
nobody will believe
I came to say sorry about morning
and its just because dad had asked me to
otherwise, Rutba Mehr Ali never apologizes for her actions
I know you very well, Rutba Mehr Ali Khan
this is not the right time to stay quiet & to gulp the sip of tolerance
what about brother!
he has been ruling on us sisters uselessly for his entire life
now if we will give him anymore chance
then he won't keep Altamash as his son-in-law but a servant all his life
I won't be forgetting my insult so easily
you shouldn't be forgetting it, sister
hey! you had gone there as the mother-in-law of his only daughter
you hadn't gone there as his sister
and you tell me
if Rutba had been marrying out of the family, then her in-laws would have tolerated brother's ordering attitude?
We haven't tolerated as well, aunt
We'll answer too
what answer will you give, Altamash?
its not in your control to end your relation with Rutba, you cannot do it
from where this matter came in between?
Mine & Rutba's relation is not associated with uncle's decisions
only that will happen what I want
look, its the blood of young generation
tomorrow, what if they did something inappropriate then who will be responsible?
let me talk to brother Mehr Ali
He has to think upon his words once again
mom, you may talk to uncle & I'll talk to Rutba. I am not agreed for her further education
I'll see how uncle will send her to the university
Azka
I want to talk to you
sister... 
I'm thinking, its the right time for us to speak to brother about our share of inheritance
we won't get any better chance than this
say what brother, what do you say?
tell me Altamash, what is the matter?
you have to bring Rutba here, to my house
what if uncle gets to know then?
how will he get to know?
then what's the use of talking to you?
its just you with whom uncle sends her with complete trust
he trusts me... 
by the way... 
why do you want to call her here?
I want to make her understand that what does our love means for each other
and how important it is for us to become one as soon as possible
Your aunt was telling me that you aren't eating your food
dear, why are you showing anger to the food?
the food is God's gift for us
you say the same for me, dad
that I am a God's gift for you
then why don't you care about my anger?
why don't you feel happiness in my happiness?
I can see the tears on your eyelids
my heart cries seeing you like this, Rutba
Will I not care about your happiness or grief?
you should also realize, my dear
that your father's decision cannot go against the betterment of your future
dad, my future doesn't exist without Altamash
there is a right time for everything, Rutba
the way sea waves moves, once they are gone only sand is left behind them
yes, I know they are naive & innocent
but dear... ignorance, foolishness & insolence shall be treated
one shouldn't give up
it was your mother's desire that our daughter shall be well educated
she should have sense & knowledge about how to spend her life
consider this as your mother's will
while dying she had said to Bashera... 
that you need to focus on Rutba's education in the same manner as you do for Khursheed Hasan
Khursheed, Khursheed, Khursheed! Dad, you've made this name disgusting for me since my childhood
this comparison from childhood have made me hate Khursheed
Rutba!
his mother has done your brought up more likely than your own mother
you have shared Khursheed's mother's time. You have shared his love & attention
Khursheed should be having a complain with you
So, what's the big deal? What not you did for them?
what they would have if you weren't there?
you gave them a space to live in such a big house, otherwise they would have been on some foot path
Rutba!!
what language you are speaking? Whose words are these?
who taught you this bad manners of talking?
I know... 
that's why I want to give you & Altamash some time
if one gets wealth, respect & properties in heritage then its loses the value
only good & positive thinking value these blessings
my motive is not to get you a degree only
but to give you a good & positive thinking
listen to me very carefully Rutba, wherever you go on a hunger strike or something else
you have to complete your education at any cost
thank God you both came..
You guys did very well by coming here
I feel like dying while staying in that room all alone
oh God! this wretched love... it has imprisoned people inside the room
and its roaming outside freely
I hope somebody shall put handcuffs on this love, otherwise both of us will be killed for no reason
Ok come outside with me, I want to talk to you about so many things
I think something got stuck in my throat
Khr.... Khrrr...
Khursheed...  Sheeday
do you know, what's the meaning of KHRR?
Donkey!
if he had been a bit educated, then he would have known
you all may leave, I will explain you in the next class
go!
do you know, we get to know about one's personality by their name
and a person whose name is "Sheeda", then what will his personality be like?
do you know, how we get to know about a person's status & worth?
by their tongue
if a person's thinking stays small, even after going to an expensive school while having all the luxuries
then the person lacks humanity
and a donkey is also better than that person
what does he think of himself? He scolded us
has he forgotten this status?
Rutba, do complain uncle about him
tell him that he had misbehaved with us. So that he can fix him
He spoiled the entire mood. Leave him. Come & lets have tea inside my room
hey! we'll drink tea at Altamash's house now
get ready, he called you
really!
Khursheed
dear, I wanted to discuss something with you. Can you take out some time?
what are you saying, uncle? Please order
have you got free from the tuition?
yes
come with me
yes, let me keep them inside first
Okay fine
I hope Altamash will like me, as he likes this color a lot on me
yes, its good
but there is one problem
what?
You seem like a beetroot in some farm
don't believe on her words, she is being jealous
you are looking so pretty
you are such a sweetheart & you!
you are so clever since childhood, so I don't mind
its looking good, right?
absolutely perfect!
you have got ready like a bride
did you ask uncle?
sister, I must say... this time control the girl completely
I don't find brother's intentions good
what if we lose the matter & the girl as well
don't you worry, Ronaq. The girl is completely controlled by my son
brother doesn't have any idea about his daughter's madness!
right sister, but try explaining Altamash
our motive is not to get the girl from that house, in fact we want our complete right as well
everything belongs to my Altamash, Ronaq
Everything!
I haven't associated my Altamash's proposal with Rutba uselessly
brother will spend the entire wealth on charity etc...
our father's wealth would have been distributed among orphans or so...
now you'll see, after getting married to Rutba my Altamash will handle everything
God willing
when I look at you, I feel proud on your mother's upbringing
I wish, Rutba hadn't shown so much haste in showing her likeness towards Altamash
Khursheed...
your tea
why brother Mehr had called you?
mom, he had asked me to do something which is not possible for me
He wants to change Rutba's way of thinking
he wants me to educate her
Khursheed, its just a hope nothing else to fix a building with weak basis
after Sajida's sudden death...
I tried very hard to keep Rutba away from her aunt's thinking & shadow
but she hadn't considered me anything else except for her nanny
her aunts fraudster & diplomatic behavior has made her their slave
mom, we have always fulfilled our responsibilities very well
We only took that much from that house, for which we are capable of
We don't have any stain on our intentions
yes Khursheed
even after brother Mehr's a lot of insistence
I hadn't agreed to stay inside that bungalow
this quarter is the proof of my honesty & truth
otherwise, Rutba's aunts wouldn't have left an inch to blame me in order to stain my character
They are way too jealous of us mother son duo for no reason
guess who?
the same person who is the reason of my morning & evening
why weren't you talking to me?
One gets out of words when pain increases
uncle hadn't done good with me
if I hadn't honored our relation, then I would have told him who Altamash is
my heart knows who is Altamash
I don't care about anyone
Rutba...
these two days were like the day of judgment without you
Its not possible for me to stay away from you
uncle's decision is unacceptable to me
dad's decision is like a sand wall in front of my insistence
I want your companionship in my life, nothing else
listen to me, Rutba
you don't know your father to an extent that my mother & aunt Ronaq knows
if uncle gets stubborn on something, then he doesn't honor any relation or love at all
dad isn't like that, Altamash
my dad loves me a lot, he takes very good care of me. He listens to whatever I say
you'll see, I will explain him & he will understand
you will not go to the university
this is my decision!
I won't go
We'll get married this year, and uncle has to accept this
he will accept it
and if uncle will refuse, then we'll marry without telling him
Altamash, how is this possible?
how can we get married without telling dad, he will get angry
No, no...
you know my father, we cannot do this
even you know me very well, right?
whatever I decide once I ensure to do it
I am unable to spend my life without you
I want you companionship at any cost
I will tolerate uncle's anger, everything!
I just want your companionship!
so, what did Altamash said?
what he has to say?
he was expressing his love to me, he was telling me how much he loves me
also he was telling me how difficult it has become for him to spend a single moment without me
be careful!
a lot of meanings are hidden behind men sweet words
what do you mean?
I wish you weren't Rutba Mehr Ali Khan, but an ordinary girl
then I would have seen, how Altamash would have expressed his love to you
I hope Altamash hadn't discussed anything about marriage
be careful! A Dooms day will arise if any such matter will reach to uncle
these two days were like the day of judgment without you
Its not possible for me to stay away from you
uncle's decision is unacceptable to me
the same person who is the reason of my morning & evening
you will not go to the university
this is my decision!
We'll get married this year, and uncle has to accept this
and if uncle will refuse, then we'll marry without telling him
greetings brother!
greetings to you too, stay blessed
greetings, uncle
greetings to you too dear
uncle, where is Rutba?
She must be inside her room, go meet her
Okay, let me go & meet her
its a good thing that you got time to meet your brother
No brother, I wanted to come
today I am here to apologize to you for that day's issue
sister shouldn't have talked to you in this tone
now see, if one thing is already decided then there is no use of insisting upon it
Ronaq, I never wanted to be stubborn or do any argument
neither my motive is to go against someone
and it wasn't my motive to hurt anyone by refusing for the marriage
Not only I want Rutba but Altamash's thinking to become so strong
that they get to know the reality of life
this greed of properties & wealth in Altamash's head
this addiction, it should get over
he should have an understanding of life's best motives
I want to marry Rutba to this sort of guy
absolute brother, you are correct!
but Altamash's upbringing is done by his father
We shouldn't be amazed on his thinking
brother, now see... they have planned that on the occasion of wedding
they will make you write all the properties belonging to Rubta
I don't understand, what greed Altamash have?
and I don't like this at all
I accept that whatever you have is of Rutba's eventually
but what's the haste for?
there is a right time for everything
if its done on the wrong time, then its worthless
so, what have you decided?
I don't know, I am unable to understand anything
I can try to convince dad but... 
I cannot take such a big step against his consent
he will be so angry with me
and very sad
and maybe... 
maybe, he won't be able to forgive me ever. He can never tolerate this
So, will you be able to tolerate Altamash's anger?
Altamash has got such a long life!
anyways, you will get busy now
So, what's my work here. I shall leave now
hello!... yes
nothing just like that... you tell me
uncle
yes Azka, why are you standing there? Come, sit
please forgive me, uncle
I am very guilty of lying to you
even mom has scolded me a lot for all of this
but... Altamash & Rutba had compelled me
Azka, speak clearly. What are you trying to say?
I am unable to understand your point
yesterday, Rutba had gone to aunt's Sanober's house with me to meet Altamash
I tried explaining both of them a lot, but both of them are crazy about love
Rutba shouldn't have broken your trust like this
now see, yesterday Altamash was saying that if uncle didn't agree for the marriage
then both of them will get married without your consent
you should have told me all of this before telling a lie & taking Rutba with you
I hate the witness more than the criminal itself
please forgive me, uncle
you may leave