there isn't a single good news in the entire newspaper
it seems that the reporter has forgotten to make the news
greetings uncle!
greetings to you too! How are you Azka?
I'm absolutely fine, where is Rutba? 
Hasn't she got ready as of yet?
She must be inside her room, go & meet her
let me check
hello!
good morning!
I don't feel its morning time, until I hear your voice
even I don't wake up, until you don't call me
when you call me, it feels as if I can hear everything
are you ready?
how are you looking?
Umm.... don't know. The mirror isn't telling anything
let it be...
I want to hear it from you
I am reaching in almost 15 minutes, then I will tell you
bye!
Rutba...
hey! will you be wearing this to university?
who gets ready for university? I've got ready for the one with whom I will go to the university
if you had planned to go with Altamash, then why did you call me?
until last night it wasn't, the plan was made all of a sudden
and Altamash will be picking me on my way back as well, as we have to do the lunch
did you ask uncle?
what is the need to ask him? I will tell him while leaving
Okay then I am getting late, I am leaving
Okay
by the way, we have to submit our assignment today. What about that?
yes, its done
how come? Until yesterday, there wasn't anything
I...
I got it! by the way, you are very lucky. I wish I had a dear cousin too
you were getting late to leave, right?
Now please leave
say it clearly that Altamash is hovering on your head
Go now
quickly reach university
I am already getting late, why this iron is not working!
Khursheed.... 
Khursheed
mom, breakfast? I am getting late
dear, you can do the breakfast later
first go & check the water motor, its not working
mom, I've an important exam today. Kindly call a plumber
dear, brother Mehr had specially said to ask Khursheed to fix the motor before leaving
its not a big issue if you can please check it once
Okay, let me check
have you made the assignment? Give it to me
dear, you had given the assignment very late. Also, Khursheed's exams are going on. He has been studying the entire night
you haven't prepared my assignment?
what will I submit in the university now?
mom, I am going to check the motor. Kindly iron my shirt
aunty... 
isn't Khursheed flying so high?
explain him, if he didn't fix himself then I will make his complain to father
he will fix him in a nice manner
dear, don't be angry. He will complete your assignment today
I am serving the breakfast on the table, come & have it
you haven't done my assignment, right?
Now I will see, how will you give the exam
Khursheed Hasan, agname Sheeday
who gets ready for university? I've got ready for the one with whom I will go to the university
and Altamash will be picking me on my way back as well, as we have to do the lunch
greetings uncle!
greetings to you too!
how come you are here so early in the morning?
actually... to drop Rutba to the university
Rutba, haven't you gone with Azka? She came to pick you
actually... 
uncle, I was going on that side so I asked Rutba that I will drop her to the university
Ok uncle, I will pick Rutba on my way back. We'll have lunch together on the launch of a big restaurant
come back quickly, my dear
Ok dad
*farewell*
Khursheed, I have kept the breakfast on the table
what have you done?
how come you've burnt it?
you don't have another new shirt, what will you wear in your test?
I think we'll order steak and... 
what are you thinking?
Khursheed hasn't done my assignment, now my marks will be deducted
my dear, you don't need any marks to enter in my life
I know... but my father wants me to do the graduation
Rutba, you've spent enough of your life with your father
Now its us, our life... the decisions as per our will
a lot of time is left in your graduation, and I cannot wait for too long
I have talked to mom
soon she will meet uncle to fix the marriage date
really?
Mithu look, in order to become a good parrot you need to eat food
otherwise, you'll get sick. Come on, eat it
it seems madam mood isn't good today
why? I am so happy
is this how you are happy? But your face is telling something else
No
I am really happy
do you know, today madam Rutba came to the university without assignment
and she started to beg in front of the teacher as soon as she came
that "Please teacher, give me a day's time"
but No! the teacher didn't listen to her at all. She had deducted all of her marks
its obvious, the card of being the only & dearest daughter of Mehr Ali won't work everywhere
madam's entire mood was spoiled and then... 
she had to go like that on the date
do you know, even the teacher was asking
since you don't like to study then why do you come here? Why you took admission?
then? what did she said?
what she has to say? As usual, she said very naively
"madam, I don't feel like studying but my father... "
"its his heartiest desire"
that's why I have to come, otherwise I don't have any interest
earlier, she just had the power of her father's wealth. Now she had the power of Altamash's love as well
its obvious, this is the only way how she will react
you are absolutely right
do you know, I went to pick up Rutba in the morning for the university
but what madam said, "Altamash is coming to pick me"
and I will come back along with him
I will never go to pick her ever
I don't understand one thing, why uncle has given her so much of freedom?
earlier, he used to impose very strict rules
even I don't understand this
he had imposed a lot of restrictions on me & sister Sanober
we were allowed to leave the house after covering ourselves with shawls, along with the servants
he didn't let us study after matriculation
that if a girl will study more then they will start competing men
and look at my brother now
he has allowed his daughter to wander around anywhere along with her fiance
he is giving her complete chance
she goes for an outing with him on daily basis
I don't understand one thing
what does Altamash sees in Rutba?
Altamash only sees Mehr Ali Khan's wealth in Rutba
that wealth which my daughters doesn't have
mom, don't you find Azka very sensitive about Rutba & Altamash's relation?
haven't you felt?
a child's pain & frustration is felt by a mother than her child
no matter how much injustices were done with me
but I won't let it happen with my children
what do you mean, mom?
nothing! go to your sister, her mood has spoiled. Go, talk to her
Go
you've humiliated Tanveer Ali Khan. You have disrespected the name
Ronaq Ali Khan, you were given permission to leave the house for studying
and you are wandering around with Nazara's son...
Mr. Sheeday, get this defective piece of yours on the side
or ask the bike to put this defective part on the side
you may go
brother, shall I make tea for you?
yes make it Rasheeda, tea helps in waiting
Rutba hasn't come back as of yet?
she will come
don't worry a lot
Rutba hasn't gone with some stranger
Altamash is our own child, he is her fiance
slowly & gradually Altamash will take her responsibility
and he will take more care of Rutba than you
Rasheeda, only daughter is like a beating heart
she will vacate my heart along with my house
God Forbid!
may God bless you with long & healthy life, brother
there is liveliness in this house because of you
we feel protected
I pray for you in every prayers
may God bless you with long life
thank you, Rasheeda
your words give me a lot of strength, Sanober & Ronaq are my real sisters but...
the honor & respect you have given me
my sisters cannot give me
brother, I hold a very low status
sister Sajida had brought me in this house for sure
but you had put a hand of affection on our heads
Khursheed Hasan's father died so early
I couldn't believe it
neither shelter on the head, or ground under the feet
we were in between of nowhere
sister Sajida had supported us & you had always given importance to her decisions
brother, you didn't let us feel anything missing ever
even after Sajida's demise, you've always been a kind brother & generous father
then why I shouldn't remember your favors?
greetings dad, I am here!
greetings uncle! Sorry, we got a bit late. We didn't get to know about the time
sit, drink some tea
No, I am leaving. As mom must be waiting
she wants to come to you, as she wants to discuss something important
she can come for sure, its her brother's house
a sister coming to her brother's house, increases a brother's honor
absolutely uncle
I hope you will also honor your sister's words
I'm leaving, bye!
bye!
Ok dad, I am also going to my room
my son is back
a mother's eyes feel happy, all my tiredness goes away as soon as I see my son
mom, please don't so much of work. There are a lot of servants in the house
oh dear! I am not a servant over there. All the house chores are my responsibility
and dear, its not an easy task to take care of all the chores
brother Mehr shouldn't be hurt, that's why I keep myself busy in work
and he is so satisfied after handing over everything to me
Okay fine!
give me something to eat, I am so hungry since morning
let me bring it right away. Also, you had left in the morning without breakfast
mom, don't talk about the morning. Besides, its very difficult to pass the day
dear look...
these only children are like this
don't take it to your heart
and... brother Mehr takes very good care of you
he has done so many favors on us
try to forgive Rutba, if she does something wrong unintentionally
let me serve lunch for my son, Ok? 
Go & get freshen up
Mr. Sheeday, get this defective piece of yours on the side
or ask the bike to put this defective part on the side
brother Mehr won't make a mistake of refusing
he knows it very well that neither we or his only daughter will give any value to his refusal
enough of her studies now
does he want to make her the Prime Minister of this country now?
its such a big house, she should take care of it. 
We don't want her to do speeches
or, she didn't had to speak philosophy here
mom, university doesn't teach anything to anyone
All the skills lies within a person
I haven't studied after college
but I deal with the world
all the servants run around on my one action
Besides, I will never want my to-be-wife to study more than me
and then she shall bully me with her degrees
it makes the woman go crazy for no reason
she starts considering her husband inferior
these educated women cannot fix their families, but they go out to fix the world
they cannot handle their house, & yet they think of handling the world
I've told uncle that we are coming
and uncle is dreaming to send Rutba to the university
and I am getting restless to bring her into this house
All praise to God! My son has become young man
did you hear him, Mr. Bazil?
yes yes
your son wants a bride now
greetings uncle!
greetings to you too! Stay blessed Khursheed, what is happening?
uncle, I wanted a few references for the notes. So I thought to come here
you've hidden entire treasure here
dear, a treasure is unlucky if there is no one to gain profit out of it
I feel so happy whenever I see you reading these books with a lot of enthusiasm
It was my heart's desire that Rutba shall touch the heights by studying very well
but my undue love has made her distant from the hardships & nearer to the luxuries
I don't blame anyone for Rutba's careless attitude, but myself
uncle, a person chooses his/ her favorite path after becoming sentient
Khursheed, this is your last year in the university right?
yes uncle! God willing, I will be done with graduation this year, then I have intended to do masters & PH.D
all praise to God! very nice
you'll become the coolness of your mother's eyes
I don't think so that Rutba will be able to complete her graduation
its just her first year in the university
and I am finding Altamash's intentions strange
anyways... check your references
Okay uncle
Azka, you haven't got ready as of yet?
Quickly get ready
mom & aunt Sanober will reach at uncle's place before us
let them be
as if I have to beat the drums in happiness over there
and why are you showing so much of excitement?
leave my excitement
tell me, why such a long face?
Azka, accept the fact that Altamash is of Rutba now
this the matter of hearts, if he likes Rutba then let it be...
you can like someone else
Simple! you will get a better guy than brother Altamash
better than Altamash?
have you ever seen a better guy than Altamash?
I haven't
he is just like a prince charming
look at his eyes
his voice, his attitude...
whenever he says something, everyone goes quiet
when he walks, it feels as if everything gets still
his dressing...
he wears such a nice clothes!
his choice is so different in fragrances too
Arfa, have you ever felt that...
whenever I pass by Altamash then...
my eyes gets closed with senselessness
Madam, go & take the medicine of consciousness
because whom you are talking about, he is about to become Rutba's husband
we are going to fix their marriage date today, what if anyone listens to your discussion
let them hear it, I am not afraid of anyone
Fine! Let's go & tell Rutba that you like Altamash & she shall leave him
Okay?
Mithu, we'll enjoy the most
when Altamash will leave Rutba, right?
Rutba, your dress looks so nice. From where you've bought it?
Altamash had gifted this to me
Wow!
he asked me to wear it, as it will suit me a lot
but is it necessary that uncle will say "yes" for the marriage so soon?
he could refuse too
nothing is more precious for my father than my happiness
and he knows that Altamash's companionship is the biggest happiness of my life
he cannot refuse
please come
how are you, Rasheeda? How is your life going?
thanks to God
Your health seems good. Also, you have started to look young as soon as your son becomes mature
please come inside, let me inform brother Mehr
brother Mehr! it seems that he is the real brother of this missy than ours...
lets go, sister
Wow! you apply such a nice henna. I hope that you apply henna on my marriage too?
Okay
Wow! you are really so excited about the marriage
I am not excited for the marriage, I am excited to spend my life with Altamash
do you know, Altamash says that after marriage we'll do all the work together
what as such difficult tasks are going to happen in your life that you've started to plan as of yet?
one thing I know for sure
after marriage, she will have a lot of kids
and then you will be giving lists of pampers & milk to Altamash
nothing as such will happen
because we'll wander around for almost 2 to 3 years, we'll enjoy our honeymoon
We'll see the entire world together
why don't you go to the space for once, do visit the moon. But...
remember one thing
upon returning, Aunt Sanober will be giving you a long list of responsibilities
why do you always say such things?
do you know, sometimes I think that I will ask aunt Ronaq
that what as such you had eaten while giving birth to you, that you talk such things?
madam, Sir is calling you downstairs. The guests have arrived
you go, I am coming
we won't listen to any denial, brother
Rutba is our mandate with you
and one should return the mandate upon asking
*Greetings!*
Sanober
yes brother...
do you remember what I had said when you had asked for Rutba's marriage proposal for Altamash?
what condition I had kept
brother, we don't need your daughter to built a rocket though
children look good while being happy & lively
now see, if they will get married now then in the future we will be called grand parents
why should we wait a lot for such small happiness?
you are right, Sanober
God willing, our generation will be raised by Rutba in the future
So, an educated mother can take better care of the future generation
anyways, Rutba & Altamash will get married once Rutba completes her education
and this is my final decision
but brother, studies...
uncle....
greetings!
yes Khursheed, what is the matter?
uncle, you had asked me to prepare the Zakat documents of properties & bank balances
kindly check them once
thank you, you may leave
Okay
Altamash...
yes uncle
kindly check these documents prepared by Khursheed, are they fine or not?
uncle, I don't have an experience of these things. All of these things are handled by my lawyer
this is the difference between a well-educated person & an illiterate person
God willing, Khursheed will prove to become a very skillful man
In the future, I would like to feel proud on Rutba's skills too
and for that, you people have to wait for a few years
Rutba & Altamash will get married once Rutba completes her education
and this is my final decision
this is the difference between a well-educated person & an illiterate person
In the future, I would like to feel proud on Rutba's skills too
and for that, you people have to wait for a few years
how come this clock had stopped all of a sudden?
yes uncle, did you call me?
yes Khursheed, all of a sudden it had stopped working. Kindly check
your deceased aunty had bought this clock with so much of love
and its very near to my heart as well, kindly check
Can I open it to check, if you say so?
yes yes, open it & check. I think it got stuck
but maybe you were going to the university, I hope you won't get late
No uncle, actually my motorcycle has broke down & the point will take some time to come
please sit & have breakfast, meanwhile I will check it
yes, please check it
No...
Rasheeda, have you made my daughter's favorite breakfast or not?
yes brother
Rutba, I've made special french toasts today for you
uncle, I have fixed the clock. Kindly check the rest
thank you dear... 
Rasheeda, you are very lucky
that you've got such an intelligent son
thank you, brother
I am getting late for university
uncle, I am also getting late so I am leaving as well
Khursheed, you must have missed your point by now. 
Rutba, take Khursheed along with you
his university comes in your way
dad, today I am going from another route as I have to pick up my friend as well
Khursheed, take a cab
dear, at least have breakfast
let Khursheed eat this
uncle, I shall take your leave now
*farewell*
what do you think?
will you be able to get a good status in my father's eyes by doing all these things?
I don't have any concern with any status, Rutba
whatever I do, I don't do it with any hidden intention. I do it with my pure intentions
really!
still, your status won't change
you will still remain the same
Khursheed agname Sheeday
no matter if you get ten degrees in front of your name
still, you cannot become like Altamash
and neither my father will transfer any part of his wealth in your name