Rasheeda, when the day is spent with harsh realities 
then the nights are spend in the same manner
even if I lie down on the bed, still I won't feel sleepy
the sleeping pills are very cheap in price, Rasheeda 
but... a peaceful sleep is a very precious thing
Khursheed
the seedbed of every relation is not the same
somewhere the land is soft, and somewhere its hard
only those people become successful who doesn't give up
every relation is not like a rose or jasmine
the seedbeds which are barren, are full of pricks
don't be upset, Khursheed
you came back after so many days
you mother only want to see you smiling face
and presently, I also need my mother only
when the life's important matters are on one's head, then one needs to become a man
and a man is full of courage
dear forgive me, maybe I have said a lot
No uncle, I won't complain even if you will beat me
but don't hurt me by saying such things
Rasheeda, the children came home after so many days. So nothing shall be missing in their room
yes brother, don't worry. Let me see
and Khursheed
I hadn't asked you to enter your name on the papers in the section of Rutba's husband
you have right on Rutba
and same goes with Rutba
and I don't feel happy to see the righteous person so weak
if I can scold you on your careless attitude towards your responsibilities
then I can also question Rutba on her carelessness & misbehavior
I feel so hurt to see you both like this
remember one thing, Khursheed
a man can win every war with love & tolerance
Go, take some rest as you must be tired
smile, stay happy
what did my father said to you?
he gave me a new mission
what do you mean?
means, first he wants me to win his princess heart
also, I shall remove her pain & sorrows
but he doesn't know that sometimes a victory is more painful that defeat
Khursheed, I just had signatures for you
that's it!
Rutba, you came here in anger without informing me
and I was held responsible for it
and then as a punishment I was told to win your heart first & then to celebrate about it
you can break me on the basis of power
but your ego & self-respect will be completely shattered
remember Khursheed
the woman whose heart you cannot win
by winning her existence, you won't get anything except for disappointment & guilt
understand?
listen
whatever we have discussed 
its good if it stays here, between us
because you are nothing in front of me
but outside, for everyone you hold a big status
it these matters will stay here
then your respect will stay intact more than mine
Khursheed
yes
dear, brother has forbidden to open the quarter
so why you came here?
mom, the things look good at their place
you shouldn't be upset on brother's scolding
brother is already so worried
Rutba has worried him mentally by coming here all of a sudden like this
for now he cannot decide that who is right or wrong
why uncle is worried?
dear, freshen up & have dinner then we'll talk
I am not hungry, just bring tea
what kind of a relation you have made brother?
my son has become completely shattered
what do you think of me, Altamash?
you think that Azka is some ordinary thing on your way
and you got her just like that
I will tell you what I am
one day, your pride will be ruined
I will make you fall miserably
I know you were so close to Rutba
but you can never fulfill her absence by staying away from me
you love me a lot, right?
Rutba used to say the same thing
that's why she had gone from my life
I will do everything for you that you want
We will stay very happy together
then nobody will be able to come between us
even I want the same, Azka
that we shall never fight
I hope that you'll prove to be a good wife
and a good wife considers her husband everything
she loves him more than everything
Altamash, what had you discussed with uncle in private?
can I know that?
its a men talk
let it stay between men
what is your concern in it, Azka?
he had dropped you here
I have fulfilled his wish
its your turn now
uncle is quite intelligent, Altamash
he knows it very well that how, when & where he needs to deal someone
right?
yes absolutely!
and I am also my uncle's nephew
hello!
hello! Khursheed, you will not tell my dad that we spend our lives separately
Okay, anything else?
also, you will not tell him about Altamash
keep your delusions limited to yourself
what happened? Are you listening to what I am saying?
I am listening, Rutba
sometimes painful words also gives happiness
I feel happy to know that you care for your father
and your self respect
which I hadn't expected from you
here you go
pour the tea
Rasheeda, Rutba & Khursheed are still asleep?
greetings dad!
greetings! come dear sit
last night I had slept very peacefully
where is Khrsheed, Rutba?
yes? Rutba?
dad...
greetings uncle!
greetings! come dear sit
today the taste of the breakfast will be really good
right Rasheeda?
absolutely correct, brother
today it seems that our house is filled with the lights, and the happiness has returned
and the most important thing is that you seem quite happy & healthy
yes Rasheeda, happiness, colors... life
its all because of them in my life
lands, wealth & properties becomes the reason behind a person's mental worries
Rasheeda look, today I consider myself as the most richest person on this earth
my children are with me, what else do I need from life? 
nothing!
yes
Khursheed, how do you find your room?
I have ordered everything new
I want you both to live properly whenever you visit
did you find it good?
uncle, everything is very nice. But your love is more important for me than all these things
Khursheed listen, your are more precious to me than a son
I don't know that why Rutba came here, after fighting upon which matter but..
but the way you came after her immediately
proves that you care for her and...
you also care about your relation
its your biggest quality to fulfill every relation with complete honesty
dear, I did injustice to you for the sake of my daughter's happiness & satisfaction
whatever I had said, you didn't deserve it
Khursheed, her love has made me selfish
I would like to apologize to you
No uncle, please there isn't any such thing
your apology will hurt me more than your scoldings
today, whatever I am is because of you. You have done so many favors on me
and nothing is more important for me than your happiness, life & health
I can tolerate anything for you uncle
there isn't any such thing
please don't say like this
stay blessed, dear
travel safe, dear
May God keep you in his protection
don't worry about me, mom
I know how to stay happy
I don't like to send you alone Khursheed but...
uncle, why are you worrying? Loneliness is my companion since childhood
and.. I think Rutba shall stay wherever she feels happy
why loneliness?
a lot of your colleagues are there to share your loneliness
am I right?
Rutba, uncle had said to me that its my biggest quality to fulfill the relations with complete honesty
I completely believe on my quality and on uncle's words
See you again
Bye!
bye dear
her eyes were stoned after meeting me
only I can put life in those eyes
the last turn is left in this game
once uncle's queen is gone
the game will be changed
you didn't even think before hurting Rutba, that she is my life
you taunt her
 I hadn't hand over her to you for this
also, not for this that you shall ignore her & find your happiness somewhere else
Khursheed, how do you find your room?
I have ordered everything new
I want you both to live properly whenever you visit
everything is very nice. But your love is more important for me than all these things
Rasheeda, what are you doing here?
actually...
here...
who had stayed here?
Khursheed
oh!
so this is the matter
this is the reality, brother
my son has high self respect, also he has a lot of patience
he doesn't want to hurt you by saying anything
he left from here while tolerating all the pain within himself
Rutba doesn't consider him capable enough for her room
how will she consider him capable though
brother, how will they spend their life like this?
dad, where are you going?
I am going to the lawyer, as I have to get a few important documents signed
I want to discuss something with you
even I want to discuss something with you, see you in the evening
seeing you after so long, it feels as if I am seeing you after so many years
how are you, Rutba?
not time but distance matters between two people
however I am
I am very far from you
the way society distances someone, the same way it unites them
emotions also lost their way, like humans do
a man is already emotionally weak
a woman has to be gracious
I hope that Azka must be gracious
her trial is still left
you tell me
Khursheed aka Sheeda has become completely disappointed or his hopes are still high?
what do you mean?
 I didn't get it
I feel so happy to see you here, in this house
you..
you are born to live in a palace like house
not for the small house of Hasanabad and...
to live with an ordinary guy like Khursheed
dear Altamash, if you had been capable enough then you wouldn't have been standing in front of Rutba like this
the fate has explained it very well that who is capable for what & what not
I don't find it necessary to talk to everyone. Tell uncle that Altamash is here
that's what I am sorry about, that brother Mehr is not at home
otherwise, he would have told you for sure that to whom you can talk & with whom you cannot talk
Soon I will tell everyone that Altamash listens to his heart & does whatever it says
whomsoever he wants to get close with, he ensures to do that
no matter if that person wants to become close or not
tell uncle that Altamash had come
you can break me on the basis of power
but your ego & self-respect will be completely shattered
the woman whose heart you cannot win
by winning her existence, you won't get anything except for disappointment & guilt
is everything fine Mr. Khursheed? You seem quite upset
We heard that your wife has gone to her parents house
that's why he is not going home, and sitting here with long face
Ms. Tazmeen didn't came to college today, is everything fine?
really! I don't know why she did an off today
great! even the neighbors are unaware
Mr. Khursheed, you've been so upset on your wife's departure that you've lost your senses
see you then
greetings brother, how are you?
how are you? How are you feeling now?
did your fever reduced or not?
yes yes, thanks to God I am fine now
it doesn't seem so that you are fine, did you see a doctor?
I will try to go today
see, I stay so worried for you. Try to consult a doctor
you are living so far & that too all alone. I stay worried for you
don't worry about me, I am absolutely fine here
I am happy, its just that I got some fever. It will be fine
Enough is enough! Get married, until when you'll spend your life alone?
Okay brother, somebody is there on the door. I'll call you back, bye!
Greetings!*
since you didn't come to college today, so I thought to ask about your well being
what happened, why are you crying? Is everything alright?
I am not feeling well
the fever isn't reducing, I have been suffering with a very high grade fever since last night
Can I do something for you?
Please call Ms. Azra, I will go to the doctor with her
yes, sure. Please sit, let me call her in just two minutes
Greetings!*
thank God that I saw your smiling face
I was yearning to see this smiling face of yours
he will smile
he will smile for sure
he is Altmash
Bazil Khan's son, not an ordinary guy
have you brought the factory documents from Mehr Ali Khan?
we'll get the documents too
also the factory & lands will be transferred in my name
presently, I got this smile from someone else's face
really! great..
what did Mehr Ali said?
I couldn't meet uncle
but... I met Rutba
Rutba? Where did you met her?
inside Mehr Ali house?
how is she?
more beautiful than before
more attractive than earlier
what kind of a thing separation is
a person forgets everything when the person he loves the most comes in front of him
he remembers only one question
Rutba, when will I meet you?
when will I be able to get you?
the only desire to meet her, nothing else
Altamash, don't be crazy!
if brother gets a bit of a hint then..
then?
then what?
then a storm will come that will wash away everything along with it
he won't take much time to kill you
mom, if anything will wash away in this storm then it will be only uncle's pride
you haven't met Rutba, right?
but I met her
her eyes were stoned after meeting me
only I can put life in those eyes
the last turn is left in this game
once uncle's queen is gone
the game will be changed
Altamash!
have you thought about Azka, what about her?
its been just a few days that you guys got married
I haven't thought
neither I am interested in thinking about it
you think about her, mom
Bazil, did you see?
what is all this happening?
only one player is enough for everyone
whatever happens let it be, Sanober
my son is a king
Greetings dear!
greetings!
is your work done?
yes, its done
dad, what is this?
the charity of your happiness
come, lets go inside
lets drink a cup of good tea, then I have to discuss something important with you
dad, Altamash had come
why he came here?
how he dare to step in here?
he had some important work with you
it means that you are still in contact with them
contacts aren't the guarantee of relations, Rutba
I am only related to you & your future
rest all the relations are just for the sake of fulfillment
anyways, let it be
let me go & freshen up, meanwhile go & order the tea
I have to talk to you, also I want to spend a lot of time with you
Ok?