I want to feel the sentiment of your love
I want that sight with whom you see Rutba 
the smile that comes on your face by looking at her
I am ready to transfer Saeedpur's land in your name
in return, I just want your support
I hope I am not disturbing you
No no, please come
its good you came, I was drinking coffee all alone
shall I make some for you?
please
So... how is your experience so far?
hmm... very nice
a new world, a new life... a new matter at every moment
this process of going on further in your life is quite important, right?
a human only learns when he starts walking
thanks!
absolutely!
and I think, we'll take back a lot with us whenever we'll go back from here
absolutely correct!
its very important for us to do something for our people
after seeing the lights here I have realized, that our people are living in so dark
the difference of system, behavior, society... 
I feel amazed to see all this, also I feel deserted too
everything will become fine, if you change this solitude of yours into your passion
correct!
its very important to do something for our people after going back
one is alone, but two are equal to eleven
don't you worry! You will find Tazmeen Ansari with you in every turn of your life
I shall take your leave now as I have to make some notes for a very important class
Yes yes.. 
Bye... 
Okay
I am signing them
but remember one thing, these are not only signatures
in fact, they are handcuffs which I am putting on your love for me
uncle had said that all of these lands & its wealth is only mine
the documents will always stay on my name, Altamash will not have any concern with it 
but I am giving importance to your words over uncle's words
you also promise me that... 
you'll never give importance to Rutba over me
your position will always stay with you
Rutba can never come on your position
now do the signatures, my love
the lawyer is waiting downstairs
yes Rutba, it was my dream to see you  like this with me
the meaning of every dream is not good
then tell your dreams that Altamash writes the meaning of his dreams himself
today we are having food together
tomorrow we'll spend our life together
nothing is impossible!
all that is possible that we decide
don't look at me like this
neither this face is for you, nor these eyes are for me
we have already tested each other
we have lost each other
we have lost in the fake game of love as well
now we are sitting here to celebrate our defeat
thank you!
Rutba
its true that we had lost each other
but to loose or to give up
both of them are different things
you came to celebrate defeat
Never!
Altamash came to begin victory
he came to start the game once again, whose ending is not as per his desire
whose life was a game for you?
yours.. or mine?
Rutba, forget the past
I promise you, I will repent your every grief & pain
what else will you do?
will you give my griefs & my pains to Azka?
I don't want this
I don't want to give anything to Azka
neither love.. 
nor trust... 
nor grief... 
and neither pain
I will do whatever you will say
the decision of Azka's life will be in your hands
you have to decide to come into my life
I have already decided
now... 
what do you intend to do for me?
I am ready to do everything for you
I will do whatever you'll say
you just have to take a divorce from Khursheed
why are you roaming around like this? 
shouldn't Altamash go out of the house now?
he had gone out of the house, but why he has switched off his phone?
I know why he has switched it off
because he knew that I will call him
Also, he was talking to a girl before leaving
he was asking her to come on time
who else can be that girl except for Rutba?
how do you know that what was he talking about with whom, & at what time?
even the walls have ears, aunty
there is always a proof of a crime
then say it that now you'll spy on us in this house as well
its your habit since childhood, to talk about one thing at another place & vice versa
I know you very well
its your upbringing since childhood. But this won't be catered in this house!
what do you think? I will fire all the servants on the spot who are creating misunderstandings
why are you getting so hyper?
if Altamash is doing anything wrong then you should be supporting me, not him
and how can you talk about my upbringing?
I think Altamash's upbringing is not done in the right way
he doesn't even know that what position a wife holds in the life of an Innocent man
how unfortunate I am!
that I have brought a girl with such a bad tongue to my house as my daughter-in-law
I had thought that she is my niece, she will respect me
but how would I know that she is ready to snatch away my shelter from me
my brother's daughter Rutba was way too better than you
She had never talked to me in such a tone or manner
Rutba... Rutba... Rutba!
how many times I have told you guys that I am fed of this name!
Azka! be quiet
don't you dare to utter a single word from your mouth
how are you talking to your aunt?
enough of your misbehavior! You don't care about your elder aunt as well
who had brought you in this house after marrying with so much of respect & honor
don't stay in any delusion, mom
all of this love is not because of honor
in fact, its because of the greed of Saeedpur's lands
it was the greed of that land, which has compelled her to do all this
uncle's favor has exposed so many faces in one go
I have also transferred the lands on Altamash's name
what!
what not I did in his love?
I did everything, mom
I did whatever he had asked me to do
what not I did for him?
still he went to meet Rutba
Azka... 
Azka..
I can't tolerate this, mom
Azka
something is happening to me, mom
Okay, control yourself
what happened? Azka.. Azka!
dear, open your eyes
sister!
sister, check what happened to her
oh Zahida!
Bashir, where are you guys?
Azka.. 
open your eyes
dear, open your eyes
sister, what happened to her?
explain your daughter, Ronaq
she doesn't have a tongue in her mouth but flogs
she beats the other person with it
how will this marriage continue?
leave it, at least you shall talk to her according to the situation
and I saw Altamash, how he wanders around Rutba like a crazy lover
and my daughter is getting upset about it
honestly speaking, I don't care if you mind. I was never in the favor to transfer Saeedpur's lands on Altamash's name
it was Azka's decision
even after that Altamash went to meet Rutba, how disappointing!
this is what I am explaining to you mother & daughter
Azka just had those lands as her weapon
now if she has lost that weapon, then she shall save these tears & attitude for the rainy days
there is no need to show attitude in front of Altamash
she should stay relaxed. Rutba is Khursheed Hasan's wife
and daughter of Mehr Ali Khan
She knows her status
she will not take any wrong step
anyways sister... 
if Altamash doesn't love my daughter, then at least he can show some pity on her
Greetings!*
I am feeling so happy to see you, that I can't tell you
I also feel very nice to see you
I only wanted to meet those people who feel happy to see me
that's why I couldn't go to meet mom & Azka while leaving
this truth & right is such a weird thing
you have to loose your relations in order to save your conscience
hmm... 
we have the best example of my father here
he had never compromised on his conscience
and neither on his relations
but still, even after a lot had happened
an air's life has always been a river of fire
I am so ashamed
that I had supported them
leave it, you came after so long & see what we are discussing. Come with me
Tell me, why you came alone? Why you haven't brought Hamdan along?
He would have come for sure, but there was an emergency & he had to leave
and this is not our first meeting, maybe it can be our last meeting as well
what do you mean?
Hamdan & I are going to Germany
Hamdan has got a job there
don't know after how long we'll meet again
by the way, where is uncle?
dad has gone to the village
he stays unwell
but still he never leaves traveling
it feels as if traveling has become the chain of his feet
you don't know Rutba
what memories are still there, which keeps uncle so restless
still there are a lot of matters that you don't know
yes, its true... its true that I had married her to teach her a lesson
when Arfa had told me that she used to love me since childhood
I had understood at that time that both mother daughter duo are responsible for separating Rutba from me
yes
even I had a doubt
but what to do?
if I would have said something, then I would have lost my sister along with my brother
Ronaq is like that since childhood
if you don't get something, snatch it
whoever seems superior, snatch away the land beneath its feet
do you know, she is the one who had ruined brother Mehr Ali's life too
she had never let him & sister Sajida stay in peace
she had always sown the seeds of misunderstandings & hatred
furthermore, I used to come into her words as well
I used to support her
anyways leave it, all of these are old matters
they have become the part of our past
forget it...
no mom!
we cannot hide the actions of the people who deceives
such people are made an example!
we set an example of such people
Altamash!
don't forget that she is about to give birth to your family's heir
also remember, that your family is quite unfortunate about heir
She has also transferred her lands on your name
enough is enough! Forget Rutba now
whatever you have got with luck, stay happy on it
otherwise, you'll loose whatever you have got already
Heir... lands... Mehr Ali's wealth & Rutba
Wow mom!
Altamash is getting so much
I was just thinking that how to make tomorrow's notes
Did you talk to Rutba?
I didn't get the time
my mother & aunt never used to like Mehr Ali uncle
they only used to hate him
it was maybe due to lack of education
due to which they were unable to accept the right thing & truth
uncle did love marriage with aunt Sajida
she belonged to a very poor family
they were relatives
so uncle liked her
but still my mother & aunt never liked her
how do you know all this?
I have been hearing all of this since my childhood
they had never let aunt Sajida live peacefully
they used to create problems for her one after the other
you were quite small
when your mother was diagnosed cancer
maybe she was very sensitive
she was matric pass
but she couldn't tolerate the politics of our house's uneducated & conspiratorial women
maybe that's why
that's why she had died so early leaving behind you & uncle 
you had got aunt Rashida's support
but uncle.. 
it seems as if he had experienced such a deep grief
he was upset upon the fact that he couldn't give aunt Sajida the real happiness that she had deserved 
Rutba, that's why... 
that's why uncle loves your from the bottom of his heart
and that's why he didn't remarried
Arfa
I was so unaware
a lot had been happening around me, and I was never aware of it
because Rutba, uncle never wanted to put any sort of burden on you
he had kept all the secrets in his heart
and here I am 
who grew up in between all such matters & conspiracies
I came to tell this to you, Rutba
that I am going way too far from all these conspiracies & I am very happy
I came to explain you the same thing
conspiracies have never suited anyone
people forget it
but time never forgets
that's why, you also never become a part of these conspiracies
Mr. Khursheed
May I come in?
yes yes
I have brought soup for you
oh wow! I needed it so badly
you don't seem fine
I don't feel fine myself
its a little fever, also I am feeling a bit cold
oho! shall I give you a tablet? I keep medicines with me for the safe side
please
oho! but you cannot take it on an empty stomach. Start drinking soup, meanwhile let me bring it
thank you!
take your medicine
thank you!
let me give you a cup of coffee, you will feel better
God willing, soon you'll feel much better
oh ms. Tazmeen, please leave it. I will do it myself
its alright, you shall take rest. Let me do it today, tomorrow on wards you can do it yourself
why are you making me ashamed?
friends are there to help each other
thank you!
thank you so much, Ms. Tazmeen
you gave me a courage to get up & sit. Also to think
I was just thinking that how to make tomorrow's notes
did you talk to Rutba?
I didn't get the time
Khursheed, you should talk to Rutba
she is your wife
decrease in commutations increases misunderstandings
its a friend's sincere advice
I've grown tired
it feels as if there is some desert of very hot sand
and the journey is never ending
I just want the destination to be in front of my eyes as soon as I open them
I shall take your leave now. If you need anything then do call me
Actually I have to prepare the notes as well, therefore I will be awake until late night
yes
good night!
who said all this to you, Rutba?
tell me the name of that person
dad, please tell me about
those relations whom I had respected a lot in my entire life
were they really so hypocrite,
conspiratorial & impostor?
Rutba, I never wanted that you shall also not believe on the relations like I do
relations are like a flowing blood
they are heartbeat
they are breaths
a life becomes beautiful if your trust stay intact on the relations
I wanted to win this battle but.. 
I lost
no dad
you won
 to fulfill your ugly relations beautifully is the biggest achievement of a person 
and you did this in such a pretty manner
I do feel the pain of my mother's demise
but you gave me that love as well that you had with her
I don't have any complain with you
it can be a person's compulsion to fulfill your love with the alive people, but you...
you had shown how to fulfill your love with dead people as well
do you know
I am proud of only one thing in my life
and that is... 
that I am Rutba Mehr Ali Khan
Mehr Ali Khan's daughter
here you go Azka, drink the juice
mom, I really don't feel like drinking it. Please don't insist me
Azka, why are you doing this?
Azka, you have to take care of your health & your baby's health
drink it, take one sip come on
Azka look...
your future life is dependent on this baby
drink it
Azka look..
no matter how high a man intends to fly, but eventually the kids becomes the chain of his feet
you have no idea that how powerful you are about to become
not just one Rutba, even thousands of Rutba cannot compete you
don't consider yourself weak at all
and yes, tomorrow night Arfa is going to Germany
she may go to hell from my side. Don't take her name in front of me
I had told you earlier as well, not to talk about your sister like this
what's with you? She is your only sister, why so much of hatred with her?
why do you used to hate your siblings? 
until today...
why do you say that they have ruined your life?
Ok quiet! There is no need to discuss such things here. And that too so loudly
stay in your senses
whatever I have suffered through, after that I don't care about anyone
what is happening with you?
I should also know something
are you sitting on the foot path? Don't you get anything to eat?
don't you have a scarf to cover your head?
you should be praying for your uncle, who has ignored your mother's mistakes & stupidities
therefore you are sitting on this position today
and be thankful to your aunt, that she had convinced Altamash to marry you
nobody appreciates good work here
and the person doing a favor is considered as an enemy
did we kept a condition on your marriage that Altamash will love you madly after marriage?
Ok enough, sister!
why do you keep scolding my daughter at all times? Why are you getting angry?
can't you see her condition? She is on the bed rest right now
instead of taking care of her, you are scolding her
Enough! I cannot tolerate this anymore
this is my house, not the house of conspiracies
oh wow!
this is great aunty!
Greetings!*
my dear...
this is your house, not Mehr Ali house that it will be a house of conspiracies
right Azka?
my dear, my life... I feel so satisfied after seeing you
how are you  aunt Ronaq?
I'm fine
what happened Azka? I heard you are not well
since you are not well so I thought to inquire about your health
what happened?
Altamash's companionship didn't suited you?
who told you that I am not well?
Altamash told me...