Azka what are you doing?
 look at both of them
how they are dancing together
 Okay 
I'm telling you, let me insult her once in this gathering full of people
only after that Rutba will stay away from my husband 
don't be mad Azka, what's with you!
only a decent & graceful girl like you suits him
Rutba, what are you saying? 
for whom I had got ready?
to show whom? To the world?
to myself?
or to the mirror?
when he didn't looked at me
even today, he has Rutba in his mind & heart 
oho! what as such has happened that you are scratching your own face?
Rutba is Altamash's cousin, and neither you or I can falsify this reality
She is his choice! and you keep on falsifying this reality
what's the matter?
why are you yelling a lot?
the walls of this house are not habitual to hear loud sounds of women
they thrash it back on the face
Altamash, even I feel like doing the same by thrashing that ugly sight on your face
what not you haven't got by marrying me?
all of those things you had desired for
but still... maybe my love, passion & craziness got less in front of your desires
aren't you done with uncle's wealth?
even today you become crazy as soon as you see Rutba
also you start wandering around her
and she is the same Rutba
whom you had divorced in front of everyone because she hadn't brought the property documents
do you have a little shame or not?
Azka!
what's with you?
why are you guys fighting like mad people?
at least you show some shame, Azka
however Altamash is a man... a man!
but you are woman
if not anything else, then at least care about your condition & your to-be born baby
and what as such Altamash has done?
did he married Rutba, or had he ousted you from the house? What is the problem?
if he takes her name then I will tell him who am I!
nobody can oust me from this house, not even all of you
I am not Rutba, who will vanish from the sight so easily
what do you think?
you'll do conspiracies, schemes & create misunderstandings in order to remove Rutba from my life
and you'll do all sort of wrong things in order to keep yourself in my life. And I won't get to know?
its a lie! Who had said all this to you?
just leave what is true & false
you will regret a lot if I will say anything
and yes
if you'll be ousted from this house then it will be because of your jealousy from Rutba
to hate her & to become jealous of her
there is no need for you to get worried by thinking about her
try to learn some patience
did you hear what he was saying?
what does all that mean?
Azka, don't you think that the meanings of a lot of matters have been cleared
maybe I don't know all of those things
which you both knows
what do you think?
you'll do conspiracies, schemes & create misunderstandings in order to remove Rutba from my life
and you'll do all sort of wrong things in order to keep yourself in my life. And I won't get to know?
I have told you everything. Each & everything 
mom & Azka's conspiracies, schemes. Their false claim of love
All those things due to which you & Altamash were separated
Arfa!
again your BP has increased, Mr. Khan
what as such you are eating?
yes doctor, they say that there is some salt in the tears & its good to shed them
but if you keep them within yourself then it creates BP
you take your health quite non-serious
I will give his diet plan, and you have to follow that only
better doctor
oh doctor, why are you killing me like this?
tea without sugar, and less spicy curry
if I could do all this then why I would have been on the bed? Wouldn't I be running outside?
since you don't take our words seriously, so we will also not listen to any of your protests
and yes, I will come again day after tomorrow to do your check up
and during this, you are not allowed to do any long travel
come on dear be quick, keep it in the car. Its quite late
be quick!
I won't spare her!
Azka!
where are you going like a storm?
to break her face! I will thrash her so hard that she will remember
she is planning against me, right?
She is adding poison in my life
Azka! stay in your senses. What's wrong with you?
its your sister's wedding today, she is a bride. She will leave this house today
you can fulfill your desires of fighting later. This is not the right time for such things
this is the right time to fix her!
She acts innocent in front of all, right?
she wants to ruin my life
now you'll see what I will do with her life..
Azka... Azka!
maam, the photo shoot is done. Now we are going towards the wedding hall
yes yes, you guys can leave. We are also coming with the bride
hey Azka, its good that you came. I was waiting for you since so long
now quickly tell me that how am I looking
what happened? Why are you looking at me like this?
you are just looking like a fraudster
and that too such kind of a fraudster, who doesn't even see while deceiving that her own blood is on the other side
what is your problem?
what jealousy do you have from me & Altamash? Tell me today!
so much of insecurity by my marriage with him! I will ensure to ask you today...
leave my hand! 
Have you gone mad?
what as such I have done?
I had never thought bad about you, Azka
I had never been jealous of your happiness
but you got this quality in your inheritance
be quiet, Arfa!
look at her tongue!
ill-mannered girl, tell mom
Tell her that how you have told each & every matter to Rutba in detail
she has told everything to Rutba 
that how we had made every false matter true & vice versa to get Altamash
she has told her all about the misunderstandings that we had created in between both the families
what!
She is crazy.. I will...
Azka!
what's with you? there is no need to announce this in the entire neighborhood
be quiet! 
Let me ask her
Arfa, come with me
mom...
come with me
come here
why you have said all these things to Rutba?
speak up, did you or not?
yes!
I have told Rutba everything
because it had become difficult for me to tolerate the burden of the sins of both of you guys
I only have you two in this world
she is talking non-sense!
how could I live my entire life by knowing the selfishness & hidden hypocrisy in the real relations?
uncle is my ideal since childhood
and with great courage he had always tolerated his sisters hypocrisy
he had never complained
and you guys have ruined Rutba's life!
but uncle... 
uncle gave Azka a lot of wealth & Altamash both
Rutba doesn't have that much right
that she should be aware of all these things?
maybe, she can forgive you gives in some big or true moment
and I have told her everything by thinking about it
and she has told all this to Altamash
He knows everything. 
She has told him each & every matter
now tell me, how will I spend my life with Altamash after all this?
how will our marriage continue? How will I live in that house?
Answer me!
Azka, you should be asking all the answers of these questions from yourself
when you came in between Altamash & Rutba
stop this rubbish!
save these slaps for later, you will be needing them
it doesn't suits you to slap your sister, who is a bride right now
Rutba dear... 
there has been some misunderstanding
don't know what wrong Arfa had said to you in her stupidity, there isn't any such thing 
Please don't believe on her words at all
don't worry aunty, now I don't believe anyone
actually I came to pick you
hmm...
aunty, I am taking Arfa to the hall in my car
you & Azka shall come over there with Arfa's important stuff
yes, you guys go... we are coming
lets go...
oh yes!
I had a word with Altamash
I had told him that Arfa & I will go to the hall
he will also come over there directly
So, don't wait for him
lets go!
what did she said?
what's in her heart?
she will snatch Altamash from me
I am telling you, she will snatch him
Azka... go, get ready & lets go to the hall with me
I don't want to go anywhere
what's wrong with you? Get back to your senses!
Azka, listen to me very carefully. There is no need to tell the world that what is happening with you
Altamash is not as easy task that if your work is not done by legitimate ways, then you are obliged to consider "other" ways.
He is an ember! If you will not be careful then you'll ruin your house as well as family
do as I ask you to do. Go, get ready
Go!
Rutba
hey Altamash, how are you?
I am fine
but whenever I meet you, you become more beautiful than earlier
what as such do you think?
tell me
don't you think that there are a few mistakes which cannot be rectified
stop looking at me like this, people are watching they'll talk wrong about us
then tell me, where are we meeting after this event?
the question is.. why do we have to meet?
because its important to meet now
I already did a mistake once, so I won't do it next time
I want to repent my mistake
I promise you
Azka
see... 
Ok come on, now don't make any spectacle here. As its your sister's wedding
come, we'll see them later
you only say that we'll see them
Azka
but you don't do anything
I have already been ruined once in the fire of these promises
but its fine
if you say so, then lets do it
but whenever we'll meet now, we'll meet somewhere outside
I want to feel the sentiment of your love
I want that sight with whom you see Rutba
the smile that comes on your face by looking at her
I am ready to transfer Saeedpur's land in your name
in return, I just want your support
all praise to God, both are looking so adorable
Rutba
yes
I wanted to talk about Arfa
see, she got married as well but she is quite stupid
She isn't wise at all. She talks completely non-sense
she is my daughter but she is like this since her childhood, she usually tells lies
don't take any of her words to your heart, also don't believe them. Ok?
Absolutely aunty, don't you worry. I will do it like that
but... as far as Arfa is concerned. She is quite an intelligent girl
She knows the difference between right & wrong
I am very happy that Arfa is my cousin, in fact sister
I wish...
Azka would have been like her
but don't know like whom she is
anyways Rutba, what's done is done
just don't say anything to brother Mehr Ali, anything. Ok?
it will create misunderstandings between the siblings, right?
you haven't understood my father as of yet, right?
aunty, dad can never misunderstands anyone
because dad's presumption is always accurate
greetings!
greetings!
how are you, Rutba?
I am absolutely fine, how are you aunty?
All praise to God, you are looking so pretty
you are also looking very beautiful
Whenever I see you, it feels as if I am looking at brother Mehr Ali
how is he feeling now?
yes aunty, dad's condition is not too good to travel
otherwise he would have come for sure. I will go to him as soon as I will get free from here
Okay, travel safe
I will also call him once I get some free time
hey Ronaq, heartiest congratulations!
you saw me?
hey, when do you get away from my sight?
congratulations to you too! Please come
All praise to God, both of them are looking so adorable
such an adorable couple
why are you stunned in to silence?
its not a snake but a serpent
by the way, somebody has said the right thing
a poisonous thought is also like a serpent
if it gets into one's mind, then it makes that person helpless & deserted
those women are so helpless who sees their husband sitting in the feet of another woman in front of their eyes
and it seems as you have fallen on the face
I can't see you face even
Azka, how do you used to find my face before falling in love with me?
at least, you have accepted that Azka had fallen in love with you
there is no past in love
there is only present in love, my darling
a dead love is way too worse than a stinking animal. It starts stinking!
Altamash, please don't do this to me
I won't be able to tolerate it
if not mine then at least think about your to-be born baby
what else can be precious for both of us than the baby?
it can witnessed that Altamash is not doing any sort of injustice with you
Azka, stop crying everytime
I want to feel the sentiment of your love
I want that sight with whom you see Rutba
the smile that comes on your face by looking at her
I am ready to transfer Saeedpur's land in your name
in return, I just want your support
I will not give you an answer for any of your allegations
we answer those people whom we give importance to
and you are nowhere in between me & uncle
remember this!
if I had such a father
then I would have respected him a lot
you got so much of love without asking
without any efforts, you have all those blessings & luxuries in your house that a lot of people doesn't have
you are taking undue advantage of your father's love, Rutba
until we are tied in this relationship
We are restricted to each other, legally, religiously & ethically
neither you are free nor I
I hope that a witch or ghost hasn't affected you. Because you are laughing after seeing me
Greetings madam!
dad
Rutba
how are you?
I've been walking since last one hour while waiting for you. Tell me, how do I look?
you look weak
wrong!
at the moment, I am feeling so powerful
I was thinking about you
what?
that when one needs to get imprisoned in the clock's dial, while fulfilling the punishment of separation
then we get to know that we are those people who have lost in the game of love
Okay, how was everything over there?
everything was fine over there
but dad... when everything gets fixed in the lives of such people
then we do feel amazed, right?
dear, if they are our loved ones then not only we feel amazed but we also feel satisfied
that our good & naive intentions, become the repentance of their sins as well
but dad...
will you discuss everything here?
I haven't eaten anything since morning while waiting or you. I am so famished
lets go & have lunch
lets go!
Okay tell me, were you really walking since last one hour?
absolutely!
how is my son? I pray for you day & night
may God bless you with success, long life & a lot of happiness
I am absolutely fine, mom
its all because of your prayers
otherwise, what as such special quality I had?
Khursheed, I have become so sad. When will you come back?
its been only two days that I have landed here, and you are talking about my departure
did you talk to Rutba & brother Mehr?
I had a word with uncle, but maybe Rutba is busy in her cousin's wedding
but you could have called her
she is your wife not a neighbor, with whom you'll talk in your free time
okay mom, I am getting late
do call her, she will become happy. She must be waiting
yes Okay, I will talk to her tomorrow
at least listen to me, Khursheed!
dear, its not an easy task to bring people towards education in such a feeble minded area
the people here are poor as well as innocent
they send away their children to the city for earning in a very young age
so that their house can be run easily
if we have to educate them, then we need to provide them all the faculties free of cost
school's building, furniture, uniform, shoes, bags and allowance against studying
are you getting it?
now I've understood
that why you give such a big amount's cheque to manager Nisar every month
but dad, while doing all this had you never thought that your wealth & money will lessen?
how I would have felt that, Rutba?
because my wealth had never lessened
its a treasure that kept on filling
the prayers of poor people, the tears of joy, the faces full of hopes
satisfaction, happiness, sweet & true sleep and satisfied heart
dear, these are the human's biggest & most precious treasures
greed & lust eats away a person's happiness like a termite
dad, a person shouldn't be so naive that anyone can eat away their happiness whenever they want to
learn to forgive my dear
its a blessing
A solace which keeps a person protected from fire
what are you thinking, dear?
Come on, get ready to go to the city
yes dad
she has told everything to Rutba
 that how we had made every false matter true & vice versa to get Altamash
I only have you two in this world 
how could I live my entire life by knowing the selfishness & hidden hypocrisy in the real relations?
you haven't understood my father as of yet, right?
dad can never misunderstands anyone
because dad's presumption is always accurate
dear Rutba
I am feeling happy to see that you have understood & recognized the importance of education
and have accepted it too
education is the biggest achievement of one's life
after that, there is an achievement of actions
I have talked to the VC, dad
it was your desire that I should complete my graduation, right?
So, first I will complete my graduation & then I will do masters as well
God willing
dear, whatever you do. Do only as per your heart's voice
like Khursheed
did you talk to Khursheed?
actually he is quite busy, dad
I don't disturb him much
we do talk sometimes
yes, its like that dear
even I just had hi hello!
but dear, its my life's biggest desire to see you happy with Khursheed
there is always a fear
the decisions I have made for you, being a father
don't know whether you have accepted them with the bottom of your heart or not
dad, I accept all of your decisions from the bottom of my heart
I can see everything, I understand everything
that why you always used to keep me away from my aunt & her children
and why you never used to like Altamash for me
I can understand everything
I can see all the wounds on your heart
I will repent for all of your griefs, dad