only I have the right on my father's entire wealth. As I am his only daughter
there is a lot of difference in taking your own right & to steal someone's right
how cleverly you have got that land transferred in your name & nobody even got a hint
She was looking so pretty, right?
her beauty & her eyes are stuck on my mind
there was love, expressions & desires in her eyes 
she wanted to say a lot, also she wanted to hear so many things
brother, our Rutba is so naive & innocent
those people have provoked her, otherwise she can never take such a big step without your permission
Rasheeda, those feet who slips & fell in the river
if they blame the river, then its injustice
if the sand slips under one's feet
then no matter how strong a person is, still he staggers
I don't consider anyone reprehensible, except for my daughter
I had loved Rutba unconditionally
I had saved her from the harsh weather
I had spent my entire life in her worries but...
She didn't even think that...
how her father must be feeling
she doesn't give me any importance
No Rasheeda
I cannot forgive her
will you disinherit her from her rightful share?
what answer will you give to God?
I won't disinherit her from my wealth
but I will pretend this
because I want to see the real faces of some people
also, I want to show them to Rutba as well
I have informed the close relatives
I have invited all
On Thursday evening there will be lighting in this house but...
nobody will be aware of my heart's condition
this burner will not lit
but there will be only smoke
but yes, it will decorate each & every corner of this house
so that Rutba can realize that her father is stern on his rules & regulations but
he is not afraid
I had misbehaved a lot with you
I had said a lot of things in anger
I'm really sorry for hurting you
I understand you very well, Rutba
you always bow down for your motive
the girl who didn't care about her most loving father's heart, then how will she care about my worn out heart
tell me
what work do you have?
make me speak to Altamash, please
Okay
I will
but I have a condition
say it
you may talk about whatever you want to, but do it in front of me
won't you feel ashamed to hear the personal talks of a husband & a wife?
I keep my brain & ears closed for useless discussions
I only understand those things which are for my knowledge
Fine! dial Altamash's number for me. I will talk to him in front of you
if you are so shameless, then let it be
aunty, are you sure that the lands documents & registry are inside the mansion?
yes my dear, the manager Nisar had told me this thing and...
I had been there with brother so many times
not only the documents of wealth & properties are present there. In fact sister Sajida's jewelry is also saved there
only that jewelry worth millions of rupees
now I will tell uncle that what is his son-in-law's worth!
he was thinking that he did a cheap trade
how dare you to call me!
Altamash, this is me not khursheed
Rutba... I'm sorry, I didn't know that its you
but why are you calling from Khursheed's number?
has uncle taken the phone from you again?
dad has gone to to city after leaving me in the mansion
I know
Rutba, I know... I am aware of everything
uncle came here, he had threatened all of us
the same thing happened about which we were scared
I had told you that my father will never tolerate this marriage
I am so scared, Altamash. Very much
how will I be able to face my father?
Rutba
this is not the right time to face anyone or to be scared of anyone
its the right time to talk while looking into the eyes of the other party
do you know that uncle has disinherited you from his wealth & properties?
what!
No! my father cannot do this
its true
he has decided. And he can go to any extent to humiliate me
he has announced his decision
that he will depart you empty hands from Mehr Ali house
No, I cannot believe it. My father cannot disinherit me
we have been ruined because of this belief
but you know, uncle had taught us that everything is fair in love & war
So let it be, we'll ensure to show uncle how to win this battle
Rutba, listen to me very carefully
and you have to act upon my each & every word
documents!
they are not only documents
there is jewelry as well, your mother's jewelry
and you've got complete right on them. Rutba, your mother must have kept them for you, right?
by any means, you have to bring that jewelry to your room from your father's room
are you listening to me?
the key of uncle's room is in his manager Nisar's room
you have to get that key by any means
at night, bring all the things from his safe to your room
uncle will not have the time to visit the mansion
he will be busy in the wedding
until wedding he will not get to know about this incident
and you can bring all those things with that stupid guy Khursheed
are you listening?
yes, I am
Rutba, if once we get these documents
then uncle cannot harm us at all
he has to accept his defeat
Ok Altamash, I am hanging up
bye!
brother, your medicine
thank you, Rasheeda
may God keep you happy
you are an umbrageous tree
may your branches always stay green & lively
may God keep you healthy, brother. 
Please do take care of your health
right now, Rutba is very young
don't take her mistakes to your heart
these kids are the reason of liveliness in the house
if they leave, then this place becomes deserted
I know, Rasheeda
but... a heart has his own demands
to whom it loves unconditionally
it keeps high hopes & expectations from them
if expectations aren't fulfilled then it withers like that plant
to which attention is not given
you are a mother
a father is a very sensitive & egoistic person
he needs fondness... 
Compliance and.. 
generosity
a mother is a selfless person who is always busy in her motherhood
A father becomes very stone hearted & difficult person for his heart
anyways, let it be
I am worrying you uselessly
go, take some rest
may God always keep your sleep peaceful & satisfied
may you be blessed with your child's happiness
thank you!
your medicine
Rasheeda
Rasheeda, quickly bring me the juice
how scandalous!
Azka, my sugar level is getting low
we have to do something, Azka
if Altamash & sister Sanober became successful in their motive, then everything will be destroyed
Go
even brother won't be able to do anything
that Bazil Khan! he will sit like a snake on my brother's wealth
and eventually we'll lose Altamash as well
No mom, I don't want to lose Altamash at any cost
I want his companionship
but he is of Rutba now, at least forget him now
the dreams doesn't stop chasing a person until there is strength in one's eyes
how can she forget Altamash?
and don't talk against your sister at all times. Go inside your room & study
mom, what uncle did to you?
I don't burn my fingers by digging the ash from the past, Azka
don't ask this question next time
I have decided to make everyone jealous
brother couldn't see his sister's happiness, right?
now he won't see his daughter's happiness as well
his eyes will stay deprived of it
call on brother's number
what are you about to do?
do you know, if Altamash or aunt Sanober got a hint about this matter
then the doors of that house will be closed on us for life time
the doors will be closed, but not on us but on Rutba
call on his number, didn't you hear me?
yes Ronaq, is everything fine?
brother, nothing is fine
say ti Ronaq, I am listening
I heard Altamash talking to Rutba in front of me
its impossible!
Rutba & Altamash cannot contact each other
brother, this young age is like a rough river
and who comes in front of a river?
tell me further, Ronaq
our nephew has given such a big responsibility to Rutba
to take out all the lands documents & sister Sajida's jewelry from your locker tonight
the daughter isn't accepting the punishment given by her father
and the son-in-law is not ready to lose his father-in-law's wealth & properties
they are doing a lot of Rutba's brainwashing
I heard everything from my ears
I must say brother, the time has come that "One knockout is better than hundred punches"
strike them so hardly that everyone recalls their ability
cut down Rutba's wings & clear Altamash's issues too
this is the only chance for you to save your daughter from these conspiracy minded people
otherwise, you'll regret for life time
hmm... thank you Ronaq, I am thankful to you
I am helpless, since I cannot fight with my only sister that's why I want you to keep it a secret
I hope that you will keep my honor
don't worry
thank you, brother
now we'll enjoy!
uncle will not leave Rutba
do you know
I was thinking that he shall shot her once & for all in his anger
so that this matter should end
Azka, I know you are jealous of Rutba since our childhood
from her clothes, toys & books
from uncle's unconditional love & then Altamash's love
you are jealous of Rutba about everything
one should not go so far in anyone's hatred, that its difficult o find our way back
listen to me! keep your lectures to yourself
I don't need them at all
I know it very well that whom I have to be in love with in my life
and with whom I have to do hatred
and then, I will do the same thing with my hatred's love that
people do with an injured lion
don't know since when I have been seeing this dream that Rutba Mehr Ali will be of Altamash
also Mehr Ali's entire wealth & bank balance will be in my hands
very good Rutba
you can do this work & you have to do it
this is not the right time to face anyone or to be scared of anyone
its the right time to talk while looking into the eyes of the other party 
do you know that uncle has disinherited you from his wealth & properties?
he has decided. And he can go to any extent to humiliate me
he will depart you empty hands from Mehr Ali house
there are a few documents in the mansion, you have to keep them with you
there is jewelry as well, your mother's jewelry and you've got complete right on them. 
Rutba, your mother must have kept them for you, right?
by any means, you have to bring that jewelry to your room from your father's room
 bring all the things from his safe to your room
Rutba, if once we get these documents then uncle cannot harm us at all
he has to accept his defeat
I wanted to feel her fragrance
now I've seen it 
so it feels as if
I have cried on my mother's shoulders
I have felt her fragrance
mom
why did you leave me?
why did you leave me, mom?
why have you left me alone in this world?
why did you leave me alone?
dad..
how can dad understand my feelings?
only a mother can understand her daughter's feelings
today, if you had been here
then why this would have happened with me?
it wouldn't have happened with me
forgive me, dad
I came inside your room without your permission
but... before leaving
just once
one last time
I wanted to see my mother's necklace & her bangles
I wanted to feel her fragrance
now I've seen it
so it feels as if
I have cried on my mother's shoulders
I have felt her fragrance
its fine if you don't want to give me this jewelry
but I am taking her fragrance with me
uncle has called
after breakfast, we will leave for Karachi
Ok
have you kept the luggage?
which luggage?
I had came empty hands
so I will leave empty hands
but yes, you may check
if you want anything, then take it for sure
my dad will not refuse you
after all, he loves you more than his own child
this morning is so beautiful, Rutba
your taunts will not make any difference to me
come outside after doing the breakfast, I am waiting for you in the car
you are Mehr Ali Khan's only child
feel proud on your good luck, Rutba
your thinking cannot reach to that level where your father is standing
Greetings dad!
dad, all this...
these are the tears
which I cannot hide, even if I want to
there is a lot going on in my heart but..
even after all of this, I want that
the honor of relation shall stay intact
because...
the responsibility nature gives to a father
in that, the last responsibility is to take care of the honor of a relation
its burden on a father's shoulders
is more heavier than his daughter's dead body
and if his daughter is rebellious
then his heart need to bear this burden
go Rutba
do the preparations for leaving from here
there is no need to say good bye
because..
you have already departed from my heart
uncle
yes Khursheed
these are the invitation cards
by the way, we have informed everyone on the phone but...
we have to fulfill these worldly traditions too
everyone should get these cards by today
yes yes, God willing it will be done
actually I wanted to say something important to you
not right now dear, I don't want to hear anything
go & check on the arrangements
the time is really short, so go!
but uncle, the matter I want to discuss with you is very important for you to know
Khursheed, maybe you haven't heard me properly
I don't want to hear anything right now
go
ok
our nephew has given such a big responsibility to Rutba
to take out all the lands documents & sister Sajida's jewelry from your locker tonight
the daughter isn't accepting the punishment given by her father 
and the son-in-law is not ready to lose his father-in-law's wealth & properties
they are doing a lot of Rutba's brainwashing
this is the only chance for you to save your daughter from these conspiracy minded people 
otherwise, you'll regret for life time
what happen, Rutba?
aunty, what as such I have done that...
dad doesn't want to talk to me, nor he wants to look at me
he doesn't want to give me a hug
nor he wants to put his hand on my head for giving blessings
am I so bad?
no dear
brotheer Mehr loves you a lot, he had kept you very preciously
and after Sajida's demise he lives after seeing you only
No
I have broken my father's heart
by marrying Altamash
without his permission and consent
I have broken my father's heart
I have broken my father's heart, right aunty?
he could have tolerated that
his heart broke
but you have broken his honor
a father's honor is way too sensitive than a mother's motherhood
if an honor breaks
then a father breaks as well
and one should not keep any hope from a broken person
because he is gathering himself
I am going from this house empty hands
if he can put his hand on my head to bless me with his blessings
and would have departed me with a smile
aunty, I have got no complains from empty hands
but from my fate
which doesn't have a father's blessings anymore
its a father & a daughter relationship
if an ego & stubbornness comes between it
then nothing is left behind
neither any complain or anything else
only the spark of the relation is left
and God willing you will see that
these are the days for you to smile
just smile..