What? 
May God forgive her sins. 
Alright.
What happened? 
Rutbah's aunt Ronaq has passed away. 
The poor woman was caught in a fire...
Why would she need someone's sympathy now? 
Arfa is absolutely correct, mom
One should sympathize with who is worthy of it. 
There is no point in sympathizing with a murderer.
I'm telling you guys...
I will divorce Aska after forty days of aunt's demise
Altamash! Control yourself
this is not the right time to say such things
even your aunt's shroud is still fresh
mom, if one's heart becomes sour from someone then the person doesn't see the time nor situation
and if your heart becomes sour from someone then its difficult to see that person's face!
now she looks towards me in a begging way of mercy that I shall go & console her
why shall I console her?
because she has killed my son, that's why?
she had burnt the property document, that's why? Or she has killed her mother, that's why!
No mom
we can never show sympathy towards a murderer
I'm telling you people, soon I will divorce Azka
Rutba & Khursheed's marriage related matters will be solved soon and... 
I will marry Rutba
Khan uncle, quickly keep mom's luggage inside
Okay sir
Khurhseed, won't you come inside with me?
won't you meet Rutba before going?
mom, very less time is left in my flight therefore I cannot stay. 
Whatever work is left now, I will do it after coming back
Ok listen... 
give it to Rutba
what is this?
mom, do give it to her. Its her mandate
what do you mean?
She will explain you everything. 
Already she knows the meaning of everything, she will explain this too. Take it
aunty... 
you did very well by coming here
I was so upset that its difficult to express in words
I can understand my dear
first your father's demise... 
then your aunt's demise... 
I am so sorry, that's why I came back quickly
You did very well. With whom you came?
with Khursheed
he didn't come inside?
No dear
he was saying that he'll miss his flight, that's why he has left
He gave your mandate
my mandate?
yes dear, keep it
All the doors between us are locked forever.
I don't need an explanation from you.
 I don't have any complaints against you.
I have complaints against my heart. 
Dead people can't talk.
You will get your last possession.
Be happy.
what have you done, Khursheed Hasan?
how will I face my father now?
you had promised him that you will never leave his Rutba 
you will always stay by her side
then why?
why did you broke your promise, Khursheed?
why so?
you... 
are you leaving?
yes, I am going back
I won't ever come back
I am not taking my share of inhertinece as well
whatever mom had, you can keep it
No Arfa... 
keep your share of inheritance
in fact, keep mine as well
but don't show aloofness with me
whom do I have except for you
show some pity on me
my loneliness will kill me
Altamash didn't even ask one time that how am I doing
neither uncle nor aunty, nobody had asked me that how am I doing
I have nobody left
look at this... 
I am already dying on daily basis because of my sins
but I will die right away because of the aloofness of my loved ones
Azka, you never used to understand such things earlier
but time has explained you everything in a single moment
hatred, stubbornness, cheating... 
all of them had closed the doors of thought process
and a tight slap of time opens all the closed doors
tell me, what can I do for you?
Tell him not to leave me
Please tell Altamash, not to divorce me
where will I go Arfa, if he will leave me as well?
where will I go?
Please ask him not to leave me
she will die
when a person becomes so empty & meaningless from within, 
then its difficult to survive for long time
a person decides its own path & ways of living, Arfa
the path that both of them had chosen
maybe this was its end result
Rutba, is it true that you & Khursheed don't have any relation anymore?
I didn't expected this from Khursheed
there isn't any fault of Khursheed in all this
You are Mehr Ali Khan's daughter... 
who never badmouths about their enemy as well
Is Altamash & you getting married in real?
I don't believe on Altamash's words at all
Arfa, I have seen so many things in my life on which I had firm belief
but they were proved to be wrong one after another
I've seen impossible becoming possible
you also don't believe on impossible
Rutba I... 
I won't tell you not to marry Altamash
I know that both of you used to love each other
but you guys got separated because of my mother & Azka
but I am here to make a request to you
I beg you... 
Please tell Altamash, not to divorce Azka
he can leave her in some corner like a useless thing
at least this way she'll stay alive
now whether you consider yourself as the guest or an animal in this house
its your choice
Altamash, at least finish your breakfast. 
Where are you going?
I am already done
I am going to Rutba
I will ensure to fix the wedding date today
Rutba, heartiest congratulations to you. 
Today on wards they have started the work for the construction of he school
Also, I have distributed the sweets in the entire village
All praise to God
aunty, heartiest congratulations to you too
I can't tell you how happy I am today
I am sure that my father must be very happy as well
why not dear?
 A good & a pious child is a ceaseless charity
and your every good deed will reach to your father for sure
aunty, my exams are nearby
I will come to you as soon as they will get over
I will wait for you my dear
farewell*
Azka, how many times I have told you not to come in front of me early in the morning
my entire day gets ruined when I see your face
what is the problem?
until when I will stay in this house as an uninvited guest?
nobody even treats an animal in this manner
so who has compelled you to stay in this house?
We gave you a space in this house upon Rutba's request
also I took out a space in my life
but I cannot give you a space in my heart
now whether you consider yourself as the guest or an animal in this house
its your choice
Altamash, at least finish your breakfast. 
Where are you going?
I am already done
I am going to Rutba
I will ensure to fix the wedding date today
wait a minute, Altamash
See... 
we haven't faced too many hardships just to form yours & Rutba's relation
even today, everything is way too far from our hands like it was in Mehr Ali Khan's life
in fact now Rutba is playing more cleverly than her father
we haven't got anything as of yet
instead a lot of our things have been transferred on her name
where will we she take everything?
Khursheed has left her
she has completed her iddat (waiting period after divorce)
if something is left with her, then its only Altamash
and Altamash is going to get her Rutba
no matter how beautiful the world is abroad
but the satisfaction of coming back home is way too different
absolutely correct!
I feel so relaxed after seeing all these green fields & farms
I feel like stopping the car & running towards those streams of water
and to breathe in this open air. I want to feel how lovely it is
that's it? such a small wish?
uncle, stop the car
Khursheed
I can do this much for you
lets go!
Rutba
nobody must have waited for anyone the way I had waited for you
be mine now, don't test my patience otherwise I will do something wrong
So, this is your last decision
that you want to come to Mehr Ali house once again to marry me?
what's the point of discussing these things now?
The point is that Azka is in your house, she is in your life
If you want, you can spend a happily married life with her
you are insulting my feelings
feelings?
do you even know its meaning?
I'm not that illiterate!
that's why a lot of men stay away from an educated women
because they give lectures of wisdom on every thing
not every man stay away from an educated woman
Okay Rutba leave it, what are we discussing... 
we came here to talk about the wedding. Tell me when shall I come for the wedding ceremony?
if you have already decided
then I also don't have any objection
it will be the happiest day of my life
when you will come to Mehr Ali house to marry me
really?
I will go & tell this to my mom, she will be so happy
we'll come to your house for the wedding ceremony
do bring along Azka too
I want her to see.... 
those wishing ill don't matter
 it is God's will that prevails
by the way, you are becoming like Altamash
Really! Thanks to God. No Matter how much I thank God is less
I was waiting for this moment for so long
did you see, Bazil Khan. Our son is a lion. A lion!
how slowly & gradually he has removed each & every obstacle from his way
just wait for a few more days
then Mehr Ali Khan's everything will be ours
Yes Altmash! Ask Azka to return all the gold that we've given her on the wedding
after all, we are going to marry Rutba
and no matter how much the gold is, its always less
Besides, this gold isn't of her use anymore
only that woman is the bride, whom her husband loves
Its enough for her that we've allowed her to stay in this house