yesterday, Rutba had gone to aunt Sanober's house with me to meet Altamash
I tried explaining both of them a lot, but both of them are crazy about love
Rutba shouldn't have broken your trust like this
now see, yesterday Altamash was saying that if uncle didn't agree for the marriage
then both of them will get married without your consent
somehow the day passes, Rutba
why the night time doesn't passes?
it comes to take trial of the people who are in love
or else it comes to check whether the people who were separate yesterday, have they met or not
the night is like magic, Altamash
love with the same person & same discussion
it feels so good everyday
the fragrance of flowers seems same everyday
still it creates magic
now tell me, how far is that night that will see us together?
how shall I tell you? I wish taking a decision is in my control
if you'll talk so softly then why will he listen to you?
when one doesn't get their right, then its needs to be taken forcefully
understand?
dad doesn't want to listen to me in this matter
you tell me, what shall I do
I know its very difficult for you to go against your father's strict principles & decisions
but Rutba
love is that river which makes its path itself
We had decided that you'll not continue your studies
Also, we had decided that if uncle will not agree for our wedding then we'll get married secretly
you stay ready
Rutba?
hello!
are you listening, Rutba?
Rutba!
Rutba, I am talking to you
hello! Altamash..
dad has listened everything, just now he was standing here with me
and you were continuously speaking, dad has heard everything
very good! this is a good thing
since you will be taking a few days to tell this matter to your father, so he got to know about it now
but Altamash
Rutba, I am your fiance
I am with you, then why are you afraid?
I've got more right on you than uncle
I feel so insulted & hurt when you feel so scared of your father
look... be brave, and take your decisions yourself
are you getting me?
uncle has hidden the actions of his dearest daughter in such a beautiful manner
by the way, uncle has double standards
brother's this behavior is quite old, he used to keep a strict eye on his sisters
there was every kind of strictness & restrictions
and when a girl entered his life, then leniency for her
being spend thrift, all kind of freedom.
Poor sister Sajida
She couldn't live for long
maybe she got affected my mine & Sanober's curse
I'll see, with which golden pen he'll write his daughter's fate
mom, why do you always blame uncle? What about aunt Sanober?
couldn't she see me? I mean, am I less beautiful than Rutba?
and I less educated or what does she have that I don't have?
Wealth!
Money, properties & lands...  and the greed associated to it
Azka, its the only thing that you don't have. That you don't have wealth & properties like Rutba have
and Altamash is such a fool
but sister Sanober is quite far sighted
yes! do you know, she becomes extra sweet in front of Rutba
I don't understand, why can't aunt & Altamash see anything in front of Rutba
they can see
they can see it far...
and I know my sister Sanober, how much love does she have for her brother & niece
its not love that speaks in her mouth, but Rutba's wealth
very sweet... extra sweet
but you can change my name from Ronaq if I didn't turn this sweetness into bitterness
and you!
you've left all the work on our mother?
why God has given you so much of beauty, height etc...
and you couldn't trap a guy like Altamash by your beauty
Rutba had won from you in that as well!
so mom, I'll turn the table
I want to get married to Altamash
its that bet which I cannot afford to lose at any cost
uncle has hidden the actions of his dearest daughter in such a beautiful manner
uncle has double standards
do you know the meaning of being Tanveer Ali Khan's daughter, Ronaq?
its the name & address mentioned on marble
which anyone wants to place on the entrance of their house
and yes! the same stone
can become the gravestone of any unnamed grave
if that person doesn't have loyalty in its blood
What suspicion you are in, Ronaq?
if you had looked at the weapons inside your father's palace before falling in love with Zahir's son
then this rebellious thinking of yours would have set aside like a sea foam
now you won't take a single step outside the house
understand this very well
as far as your education is concerned then a teacher will come to teach you inside the house
dad... at least listen to me, dad
dad, please don't.
dad!
greetings, uncle!
greetings to you too!
why did you bother to come? You could have call me
dear, the principles of this world are set
a thirsty comes towards a well
sit
tea
thank you, dear
if someone have any request, solicitation or petition in their heart
then it feels good to go to someone by themself
uncle, why are you making me feel guilty?
your simple words are order for me
do you know, what's the biggest wealth in this worldly wealth?
dutiful and truly loving child
the well in which we invest our life time's strength
and if the water of that well doesn't comes sweet
then it feels like dying
uncle, don't worry a lot. And don't think in such a sensitive manner
dear, every person wants to see their child's love very closely
but...
let it be...
nobody has control over love
this wretched love is very egoistic
uncle, tell me if there is any order for me
No dear, no order
I have a request
if you can teach Rutba even one percent of wisdom then I will be very grateful to you
help her to complete her education
but she doesn't like me
dear, our battle is from her illiteracy
uncle, I am ready to tolerate everything for you
but Rutba won't agree
I know dear
I am very well aware of your dutifulness & Rutba's contumacy and bigotry
but Rutba has to agree on this
you tell me, its a river of fire. Are you ready to cross it?
Okay, you go
Rutba, I've made your favorite breakfast. Quickly get ready after doing the breakfast
brother Mehr had said that today he'll go to drop you off to the university
aunt, take this breakfast away. I am not hungry
I couldn't sleep the entire night, so I'll sleep
please take it away. And please, tell everyone not to disturb me
I want to sleep peacefully
maam, its your sister's call
Okay, go
hello, greetings sister. Is everything alright? How come you've call me so early in the morning?
Ronaq, come quickly. We have to go to brother Mehr's house. I think the matter has become serious
what happened, sister. Why are you in such a hurry? Tell me what happened?
brother Mehr has heard Rutba & Altamash's conversation
children were talking about something & he might have mind it
I fear, what if he does some injustice with my son while being adamant on his principles
you know how brother Mehr Ali is, so unpredictable
if he will refuse for the marriage once, then no power in this world can make him do it
don't you worry my dear sister, but you are right.. brother is so unpredictable
I must say, you should reach there as soon as possible. Go & handle the matter
what do you mean? Aren't you coming?
sister, how can I come?
I have sprained my ankle yesterday evening. The doctor has strictly advised me to do bed rest
otherwise sister, is there any possibility that its such an important matter & I should not be present there
sister, I used to function on one leg & now its compromised
Oh! you had to get a sprained ankle today
you know, I fear talking to brother without you
yes sister, I know. We both sisters are each others strength
but sister, please listen to me. Don't delay this matter, go there as soon as possible & convince brother
no matter what happen, no matter if brother gets very angry. But you have to ensure to convince him
sister look, you cannot lose such an important chance
you have to talk with pride being a boy's mother
are you getting my point?
yes yes, I am getting it. Ok then, bye!
bye sister..
what happen, mom?
it hasn't happened yet, but its about to happen
sister Sanober wanted to fix her son's wedding into a very rich family
the entrance of rich family is quite high
and if you don't step in properly then you fall after stumbling
what happen, is everything alright?
Sometimes Ronaq amazes me
sometimes she is favoring us & sometimes she is favoring brother Mehr Ali
don't know what's there in her heart
I have always seen her blurting poison for uncle
because she thinks that brother Mehr is the responsible for all her deprivation
although our father had the right of decision for everything
brother Mehr Ali had supported her a lot
then why does she have a lot of complains?
she is among those who are never happy in any condition
dad had disinherited her
He wasn't even ready to see her face. But is was brother Mehr Ali who had held her hand
somebody can hold anyone's hand but they cannot write their destiny
Ronaq doesn't understand this
hmm...
let aunty be, its fine if she doesn't want to go
but we'll go to Mehr Ali House
to fix the wedding date
what if brother Mehr Ali didn't agree then?
then I'll tell uncle
that he is Rutba's West, and I am Rutba's East
I have arise & he has set
Rutba
Rutba!
so you won't go to the university?
dad, I don't like to study why don't you understand?
I get headache whenever I see the books
making notes, gathering assignments & to give exams is not in my control. I...
let me do whatever I want to do
what else do you want to do besides marrying Altamash?
so what's the harm in it?
after all, our proposal was confirmed as per your consent
No Rutba!
it wasn't my consent
I had bowed down my head in front of your choice
but what shall a father bow down every time?
you were born, I did you upbringing. I had loved you & fulfilled all your desires
I had presented every luxury of your life to you
I had fulfill all the desires of your heart
doesn't a father have this much right, that you shall keep his honor intact?
I'm observing..
that nowadays your life is being controlled by Altamash
and today, I'm seeing the contumacy, selfishness & obstinacy of my dearest daughter. While being empty hands
from my same eyes, don't know how many sleepless nights these eyes have experienced for you
dad, whatever parents do for their children is for their own happiness & satisfaction
if my happiness is so precious to you then let Altamash enter my life
I should have the right on my own life, dad
brother, Sanober & Altamash have come downstairs to meet you
I've made them sit in the hall, they are waiting for you
if you will come over there
then you'll see that appearance of your father that you had never seen before
Rutba, a disobedient child is a sword
whose attack is sharp & fatal
but remember..
a father's injured ego is more dangerous & powerful than an injured lion
what does uncle want to prove by making us wait for so long?
his status & our value in his eyes
who has what status, uncle will get to know it very soon
a day will come when he will sit on our house for hours to see a glance of his daughter
you must have informed brother that we are here, right Rasheeda?
yes, I've informed brother Mehr
please drink tea, he is coming
you have handled the entire house
the entire expense calculations must be in your hands, right?
brother Mehr look after the calculations, I'm not capable of it
which calculations? the one you make?
Khursheed looks after the land & proprieties related calculations
right, aunt Rasheeda?
We are indebted to brother Mehr
whatever order he gives, we try our best to fulfill it
Wow! what an enjoyment
such favors are only done on the fortunate people like you
we poor sisters never got to know the bank balance or earnings from land & properties
Sanober, my real sisters have already got all that
which was their religious right
now if curiosity & suspicion doesn't see the rightful things
then show patience
greetings, uncle!
greetings, brother!
by the way, you have said a very nice thing about patience
your sisters have always showed patience & have been very thankful
they had never mind whatever their brother had said
because this relation is precious to them
and patience is the only weapon to solve such a delicate matter
please sit
Sanober, all the weapons are not used in the war only
some weapons are used very quietly and...
we don't get to know about it
how come you have visited all of a sudden?
its my brother's house...
and then its my to-be daughter-in-law's house. I feel like coming here again & again
We want to fix Rutba & Altamash's wedding date
if you allow us
We are very well aware of your reservations
but what shall we do brother, the children are not ready for the delay
and then our life & death is for our children, right brother?
yes Sanober, you are right
but sometimes the principles comes in between
at that time, neither children love, rules or contumacy is considered
by the way, I think instead of living & dying on your child's undue desires
its better to live for your true principles
uncle, you had promised that Rutba is my mandate
I should have the right to seek her companionship anytime
yes Altamash, I had promised you at the time of your engagement
but you & your mother had also promised me about one thing
what do you say about that?
that matter is different, uncle
now if Rutba doesn't want to study then how can you force her?
this is me & my daughter's personal matter!
but your demand is breaking of your promise
and if you mother son duo have come here by thinking that you'll use Rutba's emotions against her father as a weapon
then listen to me very carefully
if I had the authority to say "YES" for the proposal, then I have the authority for saying "NO" as well
neither I have given this authority to Rutba, nor I've nominated her in my heirship
nobody can force me for these things
Rutba's any decision without Mehr Ali's stamp will be just a piece of paper only
which doesn't hold any importance or value!
uncle, you aren't doing good
I'm your to-be son-in-law
taking me lightly can be harmful for you
every person prove their status themselves
others only validate it
both of you can leave now
and listen, Sanober
if you want to come to this house being a brother's sister, then you'll find open doors & welcoming heart
but if you want to come being my daughter's mother-in-law then be careful
we won't do any discussion on this topic anymore
Rutba's wedding will be done after her graduation, with anyone
drive the car slowly, Altamash
drink your anger for now
We have to find the solution of this matter with a cool mind
why I came back from there? Why!
I would have called once & Rutba would have come running to me
uncle would have got to know his importance!
dear, you can burn your mouth by eating hot meal
mom, my heart is burning right now. My blood is boiling!
uncle is doing all of this to humiliate us
Not only he wanted to educate Rutba, but wants to teach us a lesson. I'm getting everything
but don't worry, until Rutba is in your control. This game is not easy for brother
what needs to be done now?
convince Rutba for marriage
then you'll see, brother's pride will be shattered like a sand wall
she is already convinced
decide the wedding date with aunt Ronaq
Rutba will come to me very easily
you can change my name from Altamash, if I didn't shattered uncle's pride!
the matter is not about Rutba only, its about the wealth & properties too
didn't you hear what brother had said?
no matter whatever uncle says
Nikkah (wedding) is my right, and properties is Rutba's right
I'll see who'll take away our right from us
what will uncle do with so much of money? Will he take it to his grave?
uncle, these...
Khursheed, sit
uncle, what happen? You seem worried
when a beating heart becomes rebellious then..
do you know how does one feels?
only that person can tell you about it whose blood has stopped circulating
anyways, let it be... nothing is left in this discussion
uncle, I have prepared the file of this year's expense
check it once
let it be, Khursheed
nothing is left in these things
when a heart becomes rebellious then...
what's the use of checking on profit & loss related matters
dad, I want my phone!
you cannot do this to me
why?
why I cannot do this?
I am your father!
if I feel that something is harmful for you, then I can keep it away from you
I don't want you to talk to Altamash
or to think about him
if you will stop me, then I will go to Altamash after leaving this house
do you want to go far away from me?
do you want to lose your father's affection?
look..  how helpless a father is that he cannot fulfill his daughter's desire although he want to
Rutba, remember... this life will show you its true colors
when you will fulfill your desire
brother, control yourself. What are you doing?
take her away, Rasheeda
for now she will not talk to anyone, nor she'll go outside the house
don't open the gate without my permission, inform everyone!
and listen Rutba
now come in front of me when you learn how to talk to your father
please sit, you are not well
do some rest
let it be, Khursheed. What's the use of resting
now the daughter & father are standing face to face
we'll have to see
either her contumacy is big or my status
Okay please come, sit
dear Rutba, you haven't eaten anything since morning
eat some
aunt, I have eaten a slap from my dad
you had seen it
is there anything left to eat after that?
brother Mehr loves you a lot
and nobody in this world can love you more than him
he had slapped you for sure
but you cannot imagine how hurt he is
even I used to think the same, aunt
but now the entire reality is exposed to me
if somebody loves me then its just Altamash
he doesn't need my degree, or anything else. He just loves me
but dad! dad wants to imprison his daughter in this house
dad only likes his contumacy
He doesn't see anything else except for this property, wealth & lands. He doesn't love me
he doesn't value his daughter & her desires
He wants to imprison her in this house
in the name of degree...
he just want to waste my time, noting else!
he...
He is Mehr Ali, right?
but he is forgetting that I am his daughter
Rutba Mehr Ali, I won't give up!
I wish Sajida would have been alive today
then she would have never let you hate your father
this is the matter
my mother is not alive
if she would have been alive today
then dad would have never done so much injustice with me
my mother is not alive
I'm also like your mother, dear
No! you are not like my mother
you always favor my father, its you who give different suggestions to my father
Aunt Ronaq & Aunt Sanober are right
the importance you & Khursheed hold, even I don't have that much importance
you have made my father a stranger for me
he doesn't have any importance for his daughter
he only gives importance to you people
what is this, sister. What have you done?
I had told you to handle the matter
but everything got ruined
what I should have handled?
brother was thinking as if we have come to his house as a beggar
he was talking to Altamash in such a manner as if he is not his son-in-law but servant...
and with me, as if I am not his sister but some stranger
brother Bazil, what is your suggestion? What should we do?
Ronaq, we have to abduct the girl. That's it!
Besides, we are Saeen
in time of need, the owners of lands & proprieties
becomes robber as well
Altamash was so angry
also Rutba's phone is switched off
brother must have agreed her forcefully
whatever needs to be done now, we need to do it together. And we'll do it
sister, one & one is eleven. I would have come yesterday too
I would have talked to brother directly, face to face
but I got sprained ankle, I was helpless that's why
Ronaq, quickly fix your ankle
you have to dance a lot in your nephew's wedding