you are so nice, Altamash
 this personality, these speaking eyes
Rutba never deserved you 
she has always considered you as a part of some wealth, or land
disappointment & hopelessness binds a person with darkness
dad, a raindrop affects on the soft sand
I have become stone hearted 
and stones doesn't get affected by anything
are you happy now, dad? 
you wanted this, right?
that Altamash & I shall never be together 
your lands, wealth, properties, daughter... your every precious thing shall stay with you
safe inside your lockers and nobody shall make a demand from you about them
dad, whatever you wanted has been done but now...
but now...
anyone's consolation... false hopes
I don't need anyone's false hopes, or false love at all
brother
may God keep you smiling this way, brother
it seems to me that from every door Sajida is smiling
you are right, Rasheeda
even I am feeling the same
Mr. Khan, the religious clerk is here
make him sit inside with respect
Okay
Rasheeda, bring Rutba
brother, have you talked to Rutba properly?
Rasheeda, don't give importance to Rutba's attitude
since she had fallen from a sinking ship, so it will take some time for her
and then a person who had fallen from the ship cannot deny the importance of a boat
there won't be any refusal from Rutba's side as well
please start
Rutba Mehr Ali Khan, your marriage is fixed with Khursheed Hasan son of Hanif Hasan with the dowry of 10 lac rupees
do you accept this marriage?
I accept, I accept... I accept
very nice!
Khursheed Hasan son of Hanif Hasan your marriage is fixed with Rutba Mehr Ali Khan, with the dowry of 10 lac rupees
do you accept this marriage?
I accept
Khursheed Hasan son of Hanif Hasan, do you accept this marriage?
I accept
Khursheed Hasan son of Hanif Hasan your marriage is fixed, with the dowry of 10 lac rupees
do you accept this marriage?
I accept
madam, your brother has sent the sweetmeats
send them in
greetings maam
greetings Meeran, why you have brought these sweetmeats?
Mr. Shah has sent them of maam Rutba's wedding
Rutba's wedding!
with whom?
with Mr. Khursheed
convey my greetings to brother, Meeran
Okay, shall I leave now?
I don't believe this
Khursheed!
mom, I think Rutba has gone made after getting divorced from Altamash
she got married to Khursheed?
I feel satisfied after hearing this news
you both are so cruel!
Arfa! don't ruin our enjoyment with your rubbish
go, tell Rasheeda to keep all the sweetmeat inside the car
the enjoyment of eating together is different
I will feel satisfied, when I will see Altamash's face
quickly do the breakfast then get ready, we'll go to sister Sanover's house
Khursheed, you have got married to Rutba
will you leave without talking to her?
we have already talked, mom
she had said that she accepts
even I had said that I accept
what is left to say or hear after all this?
the poet has said...
these lanterns doesn't have a light anymore
are you joking with your mother?
Khursheed
you are happy, right?
you seem very happy to me
maybe uncle is also happy
and what else is more important for me than the happiness of both of you
are you ready to leave, Khursheed?
yes uncle, I am leaving in a while. Its almost 3 to 4 hours journey, so I will reach Hasanabad till evening
have a safe journey, may God keep you in his protection
Amen
come with me, I have some work
Ok
oh God!
is this brother Mehr's standard now?
this is called the final nail in the coffin
he has pushed his daughter in the well
yes sister, I am amazed!
aunt, if Altamash is inside his room then can I go & meet him?
hey, why do you need to seek permission now? Go
here he comes
Greetings aunt!
greetings my dear, stay blessed
these sweets are in what joy?
these sweetmeats are of Rutba's wedding
Rutba got married
with whom?
with Khursheed
thank you, Rutba
thank you so much
by marrying Khursheed, you have proved that you are still mine
uncle, what is this?
its a blessed gift for a son from his father, for your new job, future & a beginning of a new life
uncle, its a lot. I won't look good in it
Khursheed, think about your wife
will she travel in the buses, wagons or on your motorcycle?
Rasheeda, I haven't given this gift to Khursheed in order to take out my daughter from the problems
don't think this way
its mine & Khursheed's matter
not of a father-in-law or a son-in-law, instead of a father & a son
Khursheed, you will leave today & after your departure that quarter will be closed for life time
that little house will stay as an example of Rasheeda's honesty & obedience
I will do Rutba's weddign with pageantry
but before going, you shall meet your wife once
Rutba
Khursheed came to meet you
before Khursheed's departure
you people should have talked for a while
say it, what do you want to say?
I just wanted to say that the relation which is formed between the two of us
may God gives us courage to maintain this relation
as the happiness of our elders are associated with it
you have said it right
everyone's happiness & benefits are associated with this relation
except me
what do you think?
that I will agree to marry an ordinary person like you
I will choose you as my life partner
Rutba
I have just chosen you as my coffin
you also listen to me, dad
you really wanted to see your daughter's corpse hanging on your decision's gallows
its fine then
now you will not see your daughter but a corpse
and he! He will remember this day for life time
that he had agreed to marry a corpse
uncle
I'm coming after talking to Rutba, you may go
I had only one benefit of making this relation
that the way uncle had hold mine & my mother's hand in difficult times
the same way, I shall become his support in his difficult times
as far as emotions are concerned, then I don't have any expectations from you
that's why it would be better for you to stay away from the misunderstandings
I have a request
don't try to fill the wounds given by Altamash by your father's tears
God knows what is your intention behind this relation, but I will try my level best to maintain this relation
you can test me whenever you want to
Bye!
Khursheed is going on the journey & I am feeling tired
may God keep him safe with his motives
may he reaches his destination safely
then I will think that I have achieved the motive of my life
brother, he is a young man
also full of strength & courage
the passion is attached with his journey
the destination is not far from him
don't tire yourself, just think good for him
thank you Rasheeda
brother, I have done exactly whatever you had asked me to do 
they weren't agreeing at all
and Altamash 
he was adamant. He was saying that he will ensure to bring Rutba to his house by any means
you don't love my father at all
its all a drama
don't I understand?
you want a share in my father's wealth, and you are waiting for it. That's why you wanted to marry me as well
don't know what do you think of yourself!
you have no comparison with my Altamash!
even his servants are better than you!
Mithu, what happened? You haven't eaten anything since morning. Come on, eat your food
take it, please
Azka, be quick we are getting very late
will you eat something else? Eat this, please
Azka
yes mom, I'm here
All praise to God, you are looking so pretty. May God preserve you from evil eye
She is doing a lot of preparations in order to go near an evil eye
Shut up! Keep your mouth shut until you don't learn how to speak
Azka, I'm thinking about brother. Whether we shall go over there or not
any situation can arise, for now its not less than dangerous to go over there
mom, can there be anything more dangerous than us for Mehr Ali house?
you are absolutely correct!
the arrow has struck on such a perfect goal, that all the nearby idols are destroyed
now just melt down Altamash, then everything will become very easy
don't you worry at all. You'll see, everything will happen as per our choice
very good!
I'm ready, shall we go?
lets go!
poor Rutba
a person shouldn't be so naive & stupid
yes come in
Khursheed Hasan
please come in Mr. Khursheed. I'm good, what about you?
all thanks to God
the principal has informed me about your arrival
my name is Saim, I'm an Admin manager of hostel & professor block
okay
I have made the arrangements for your stay in the morning
here are the keys of your cottage, its 16 B
thank you so much, I will join from tomorrow morning
let me tell the cook to contact you, the canteen remains open until 12 AM
if you want to order something then you can
by the way, today's dinner is complimentary
thank you!
Greetings!*
Ronaq sit, come Azka sit
brother, I have done exactly whatever you had asked me to do
they weren't agreeing at all
and Altamash
he was adamant. He was saying that he will ensure to bring Rutba to his house by any means
brother, I didn't wanted to tell you but I thought...
now Altamash is Azka's husband & your son-in-law, Ronaq
yes brother, I can understand
I thought to congratulate Rutba on her wedding
congratulations to you too!
uncle...
can we also congratulate Rutba, if you allow us
yes sure
in fact, Rutba also wanted to congratulate you upon your wedding with Altamash
I agree that she is quite stubborn, as she is my daughter
but she isn't a narrow minded or a person who does conspiracies
go meet her
until I don't kiss your forehead in the morning
until I don't wash your clothes with my hands
and make tea for you, I am unable to spend my day
don't worry mom
soon I will bring you here
I cannot live without you as well
what do you think?
that I will agree to marry an ordinary person like you
I will choose you as my life partner
I have just chosen you as my coffin
greetings!
greetings!
who are you?
my name is Khursheed Hasan
and you?
my name is Tazmeen Ansari, I teach Urdu Literature in Hasanabad College
even I have joined it today, they have assigned me business subjects
good to know
this cottage was desolate since quiet a long time
Since you came now, so it will become lively
have you taken evening tea?
I've just set my room in this cottage, but the kitchen is still empty
I think I have to go to the canteen for the tea
wait a minute please
what is the need for all this? So much of formality!
Its not a formality. We can do at least this much for our neighbors
thank you!
see you tomorrow in the college then
sure
Rasheeda, come on now say good bye to this small house
brother...
this place is so precious, maybe I cannot tell you in words
I have spent so many peaceful years under its roof
I had slept peacefully, also I woke up without any worries
Rasheeda, it was own desire which I had honored
I had never forced you or Khursheed for staying here
now Rutba is Khursheed's wife
the right Rutba has on this house, Khursheed has got more rights than her
you are Khursheed's mother, my sister & Rutba's aunt
the right you have on all of this, nobody else can have the same right
you are not allowed to leave even if Khursheed says
who will take care of the brother?
may God bless you with my life as well, brother
where can I go after leaving you?
and then how will I face Sajida?
and listen Rasheeda, there is no need to tire yourself in the presence of servants
stay relaxed & peaceful, this house belongs to all of us
lets go!
Mr. Khursheed
how are you doing?
yes, I'm fine. You tell me
I can only say that the college principal, staff & students.. everyone is impressed from you
All praise to God. So you know how to impress people
I haven't come here to impress people but to lift up my head
with a motive & a passion
I have heard that its the most difficult task to earn respect
people do earn the money, but not respect
and its not important that what are the people saying about me after my arrival over here
I am worried about the fact that what will they say after my departure from here
anyways, I shall take your leave now as the principal has called me
Sure. Listen, the evening tea is from my side. Do remember
Thank you!
Okay, this is for you Fari
thank you!
this is for Arzo Khan, and this is for Farah
everyone has to come, and that too on the time
Azka, how did it happen?
I mean, Altamash was crazy about Rutba right? then how come he had left her & got married to you?
Altamash was always crazy about me
he used to love me
and Rutba came in between us on the basis of her wealth & properties
but soon Altamash has realized his mistake
and he has removed that ill-mannered girl from his life
what are you saying?
I'm saying the right thing
but I think you people should visit Rutba
after all, a friend should console a friend
Altamash had left her but...
Khursheed aka Sheeday was written in that poor girl's fate
her fate is ruined
anyways...
mom, dad.. I had married Azka upon your orders. But still I have no interest in her
why are you hurrying for departure ritual now? I won't be able to do it
you have already experienced loss because of your anger, Altamash
we have lost the well, now only a bucket is left
a further mistake will deprive you from this as well
your mother is absolutely correct, Altamash
this is not the right time to ruin our relations with Ronaq & Azka
Mehr Ali hasn't transferred the property on your name, but on Azka's name
now Azka is the name of a golden sparrow
and if that golden sparrow wants to come into your fist, then open your fist & let her come inside
if you will lost this sparrow as well
then you'll only regret for life time, that's it!
if Ronaq & Azka wants to get the departure ritual done, then we'll get it done
Rutba wouldn't have agreed to marry such an ordinary & a low class person like Khursheed for no reason
she also have the same feelings in her heart that you have
and you will see, soon she will part her ways from Khursheed
and then, the ways for her to come back into your life will be opened
Altamash, I know it very well
that brother Mehr Ali has offered Saeedpur property in order to keep you distant from Rutba
but now we'll take the property as well as Rutba from him
there, Rutba will part her ways from Khursheed
and here you will part your ways from Azka
true that