Rutba, you cannot do this. Uncle's everything is only mine
are you listening? Are you getting my point?
did you hear me, Altamash?
Khursheed! 
what did you just said?
you really like to create a scene, and insulting people!
you didn't even think of your father once? 
I did all this to take the revenge of my father's grief
whatever I did with them, they deserve it! 
I don't think so that I have done anything wrong
You use your father's name in order to calm down the fire of your hatred
you should be ashamed 
after deceiving people, doing false promises of wedding & gathering so many people. Then you say that you did all this for your father!
No... 
you did all of this to satisfy your false ego
and for that you had lied big time that I am feeling ashamed while thinking of it
lie? 
which lie have I told?
tell me, which lie? 
why did you tell everyone that I had divorced you?
Answer me!
this! What is this? Tell me
Answer me, what is this?
my last mandate, after which all the doors between you & me have been closed
after that Rutba Mehr Ali has died for you forever. 
Tell me what is this? Answer me
these are the documents of those properties that your father had transferred on my name
they wanted you to always stay happy
and these properties were for your happiness
it was your mandate, that's why I have returned it to you
and I can't even think about giving divorce to you, Rutba
how can I break the promise done to uncle?
but I had already decided that the day you'll ask me to divorce you, I won't refuse
because he had said that always keep Rutba happy
So, you had married Tazmeen in order to make me happy
who said this to you?
answer me
think whatever you want to
you can disappoint me on the basis of a lie & fraud but still I have some rights on you
and I am not Altamash, who will make black white & white black for the greed of money & properties
I know
I won't compel you
and neither I will restrict you for myself
You.. 
If you want to go, then you may leave. I won't stop you
In fact you may go, Tazmeen must be waiting for you
I was unable to decide whether I should go or not
It was difficult for me to go
and now its difficult for me to stay here
you haven't eaten anything since morning
earlier, in the joy of marriage and then
because of the grief of not getting married
drink tea, your headache will lessen
Rutba has betrayed me big time
I can't believe
I don't understand what to do. It seems as if I will go mad
you are giving me so much
the property documents... In fact, you've put Azka's jewelry in my feet
But, I have nothing to give you
Rutba has returned all this
Saeedpur's lands, Sheikhupura's factory
and the documents of this house
so Rutba has given the charity
but she has transferred everything on my name
but don't you worry, whenever you'll say I will transfer it on your name
Greed, and fight on the matters of lands & wealth
I've seen the consequences of it very well
I don't want to get into all this
Rutba Mehr Ali Khan spits on your fake love, and on your conservative thinking
Get lost from here!
 because today, Rutba Mehr Ali Khan has taken her father's revenge
keep these documents in the locker
Let me go & inform mom & dad about it
the will be the ones who will be the happiest
I don't care!
Stay happy & happily married in your house with your husband
repeat it in a loud voice
greetings aunty!
Greetings! hey Rutba... 
how are you?
I'm fine, how are you?
I am also fine
oh wow! the kids are studying very well
now I will enjoy my life
maam Rutba... 
keep this luggage inside the room
better
for how many days you have come, my dear?
I am here until Mehr Ali school & college's construction doesn't gets completed
rest for a while after doing lunch, then I will show you the school's building
No
Neither food nor rest
first of all I will see that building, which I have been building in my dreams since so long
Okay go, freshen up. Until then let me get free from the kids too
I will never reject any of your wish or desire
if you want to study further, then do it
then both of us together will keep the foundation of the college
Rutba
yes aunty
how will you live here?
Neither we have facilities of the city here, nor the luxuries of your house
Aunty, I don't need any sort of facilities or relief
and neither luxuries
I just want peace
which is filled in the air of this area
do you know..
tomorrow is the school's inauguration and I can't sleep in its joy
Everything is so well, nice & beautiful here
Rutba, did Khursheed came to meet you?
I am asking you something
did Khursheed came to meet you?
Greetings mom!
here comes my son
how are you?
I'm fine, stay blessed
Greetings mom!
Greetings!
what happen?
aren't you happy to see us? Do you know we came from so far to meet you
Thank God that you missed me
No mom, we should be thankful to your prayers due to which we are at this position today
we are here to take you along
me? but why?
there is a farewell party for us at Hasanabad college
God willing, after that we'll join the university
its our wish that you should be with us
whether I come or not
but Rutba will come to attend this party for sure
Come dear, Rutba sit with me
Yes
Congratulations on your wedding
Thank you! Its your paramountcy
Okay, so 2 2 are... 
four... 
Four!
four... 
*teaching mathematics*
Very good... and 2 6 are... 
very good!
2 sevens are... 14
congratulations Rutba
you really deserve congratulations on the work you've done
Thank you!
It was my heart's desire to open a school & college in this area, it was my dream
thank you for making my dream come true
I haven't done this to show off or to satisfy my ego
hey Rutba!
Greetings!
Greetings! how are you?
I'm fine
Come dear, Rutba sit with me
Yes
congratulations on your wedding
Thank you! Its your paramountcy
not at all... 
I have no competition
there is no matter of competition, Rutba
You have already won without any competition
Ok mom, have you made an arrangement for lunch or not?
I am so hungry, and I had told you to make something special
I have prepared a very delicious food on the wood fire & in the traditional oil
and Zahida has sent very delicious rice. Shehzadi is making a traditional dessert
Let me go & ask them to prepare piping hot flat breads
wow mom, you've done such a great arrangement
shall I come along?
No, you sit
Let me serve the lunch
I knew it that my son must be hungry
it seems that both of you are meant for each other
You couldn't understand me, although we have been together for so long
but no complains... 
you couldn't understand Khursheed Hassan as well
Rutba, why are you sitting here alone?
what else shall I do, aunty?
I am all alone
may your enemies be alone
the guests are sitting outside, go sit with them
since when Khursheed has become a guest?
Khursheed is the host, my dear
Tazmeen came to our village for the first time after her marriage
and her husband is a complete stranger
its our duty to serve our guests & to take care of them
Go, sit with them. Laugh, smile & talk to them
Let me do the arrangement for the tea
Go my dear, sit with them
 I can't even think about giving divorce to you, Rutba
how can I break the promise done to uncle?
because he had said that always keep Rutba happy
you had married Tazmeen in order to make me happy
who said this to you?
answer me
think whatever you want to
Come Rutba, sit
Rutba, he is Basit
Ms. Tazmeen's husband
and Basit, she is Rutba. My wife..
he was the third person in our group for the course in UK
don't know what happened to him & he proposed me
and your husband Khursheed was after me to say "yes"
Tell her, whether we are compatible or not?
We are so compatible, all praise to God
Mom, Ms. Tazmeen & Basit had to stay here so if you can please make some arrangements for their stay
they will leave after resting for a while
Yes dear why not, after all guests are God's blessings
let me do the arrangements right away
Come, let me help you
Tell me if you need to take out something
Actually I have to go to Hasanabad in the morning
so...
will you come along?
tomorrow the teachers are coming from the city, I have an important meeting with them
Yes...
its important though
its alright
We have enjoyed a lot, we will miss you a lot
Here you go dear, this is a gift from our side
what was the need for this formality, aunty? 
Your love & hospitality was more than enough for us
and I am not a guest, but your daughter. I will always keep visiting
why not dear? Its your own village, your own house. You can visit whenever you want to
We would have liked it a lot if you would have come along today with us
God willing, we'll keep seeing each other now
give it to me
thank you!
thanks for everyone's hospitality
its alright
Sure...
God willing... 
Good bye!
bye dear, take care
I am very thankful to my teachers team who went abroad on our college's behalf to represent us
and they came back with an extra degree by getting a distinction
with a passion that they'll spread this light of education in the children of their country
Such people are the pride of our nation. I congratulate them
Now let me invite Mr. Khursheed to come & talk heart to heart with his dear students
Please...
Greetings! first of all I am very thankful to you all. To my students...
and to my colleagues who took out some time from their precious time & came here for us
I don't have a lot to say, but I would like to pass on my experiences & learning to you all
So that together we can progress as a nation, education wise
Autograph please...
you've written such a nice poetry
for whom you've written?
for uncle
What?
really?
Yes, what were you thinking?
that you are such a big liar!
Really?
yes
hmm... as if you speak so much of truth
if I had the treasure of words like you have Khursheed, then I would have said it almost hundred of times
What?
that Rutba Mehr Ali Khan I love you a lot, but no
although its such a simple dissuasion of a few words
I do love you
you couldn't say such a small thing?
actually...
I would have died, if you had refused
So, you would have spent your life peacefully by not expressing it to me?
Rutba, I have spent my entire life while fighting with my heart
So, I will spend the rest of my life while fighting with you
Oho...
Okay?
absolutely correct!
As is it, now whether you fight with your heart or with me. Its the same thing
After all, the other name of your heart is Rutba
it seems as if you have read all of my books
hmm... not all, but some of them
But so many... Now tell me, what will you read?
Your eyes...
Your face...
in the name of your love...
Life is a collection of moments, but in its own unique way, 
everyone says we get entangled... 
Life is kind to me, unlike other way, 
and this dawn belongs to me the other way.
If I become the world for you, so what? 
In me, there's a whole universe of living for another way.