and education will be your weapon 
nobody will be able to defeat you
because a life's battle cannot be won by wealth, properties or money
it is won by education & thinking
uncle, I had passed every difficulty in my life because of your such words
what else shall I tell you about Altamash?
He loves me so much. Honestly speaking sometimes I get fed up
now tell me, to get ready for him on daily basis. To get dolled up
to go out with him on the dinner
he buys flowers for me, and make me wear them with his own hands
and...
and?
say it
why have you stopped?
tell us, what else does he do for you?
he says that he was in love with me since childhood
he always wanted to add me in his life
actually its was his parents contumacy to make you their daughter-in-law
and that too just for the sake of the greed for uncle's wealth
otherwise, there wasn't any other reason
I can understand
anyways, leave it. Mom says that we shouldn't tell all these things to everyone. As evil can affect
Azka, can we discuss something else?
all three of us have met after so long
but you are just telling us the love stories of brother Altamash & yours
stop your rubbish! My tongue won't act upon your command
I say whatever is there in my heart
Besides, all of this happens between friends. Right Rutba?
you tell me, how is your life with Khursheed aka Sheeda?
by the way, so far from the countryside and in a small city
and a small house in it
I feel so bad for you
my life is good
however... money, wealth, properties...
there isn't any such thing in our life
but still...
now I have got to know
that whether a person's name is Khursheed or Altamash
it doesn't make any difference
the difference is made by respect & insult
the matter of difference is how much he respects his wife
a worthless man is a person who raises his hand on his wife
and compels her to leave the house by slapping her
who had told you about the slap?
who is telling you this rubbish?
maybe Altamash did
hey! what happened?
you have mind it
what's there to be angry about?
I was just talking generally
how come you are concerned with this slap related matter?
take this Ronaq
this is the cheque of 50 lac rupees
Arfa's marriage gift
I will attend the wedding if I will be fine otherwise
my prayers are with Arfa
yes, thank you brother
but brother, don't you think that its injustice?
I didn't get it, Ronaq?
brother, all of this amount will be spent on the wedding expenses
if Azka's wedding gift was Saeedpur's lands, so will you wed off Arfa empty hands?
she also have some right
mom
there is no need for you to make uncle worry
I don't need any money or so for my wedding
and neither lands like Azka
wealth is not the security for my happiness
and God has blessed Hamdan with everything
I won't face any problem or difficulty
uncle
from childhood till date, how many times quietly & without signifying any favor
you have fulfilled our wishes & needs
you had never made us realize that we don't have a father
you have always taken good care of us
now whatever you have is of Rutba's
We have already taken so much of our share
stay blessed dear
but still I want you to keep this amount
thank you so much, uncle
Khursheed
Greetings!
greetings! how are you?
I am absolutely fine. You tell me, is everything fine? How is your uncle now?
thanks to God, everything is fine
and Rutba?
She is also fine, she is at her father's house
is there any special reason that Rutba didn't came along with you
Ms. Tazmeen, when the differences between two people become so much that neither they can see the face of each other or could hear the voice of each other then
living together become painful
that's why I didn't ask her to come along, and she also find it appropriate to stay there
but Mr. Khursheed...
what have you decided about UK?
its my good luck that the university has selected me
it takes a lot of time for the documentation, and I think we should start the preparation quickly
yes, I will be needing your help
Absolutely!
shall I make tea for you? Would you like to drink?
Sure
oho...
you have started to serve your father
my daughter has become so big
see, I drank all the milk on your one command
do you remember, when you were small
I used to spend an hour to make you drink this one glass of milk
and you never used to listen to me
I do remember
I remember everything
my stupidities, my mistakes...
your paramountcy & your generosity...
everything...
dad
dad, why you have transferred Saeedpur's land on Azka's name? She doesn't deserve it
how did you get to know?
dad
your daughter's happiness was not like a shining star on the sky, for which you had to do so much
dear, for a father her daughter's happiness is way too precious than the shining stars on the sky
now you must have understood that for Mehr Ali, the piece of land, the fragrance of money, and the long bank statements doesn't have any meaning
Saeedpur's land is still on the same place as it was earlier
farm, barleymow, paths, tube well, animals fleet... all are still there
if something has changed then on the documents instead of Mehr Ali Khan's name, Azka & Altamash's name has been printed
and... the amount that we used to get from those lands annually in my bank account. Now goes into their bank account
what's the harm in it?
my daughter's life has been improved, what else do I need?
yesterday that land was of someone else, then it became mine. Now its of someone else's and in the future it will be of someone else
So, what's the big deal
why are you taking such a small matter to your heart?
dad, the matter is not about lands or wealth
my father's blood & sweat isn't so cheap that it shall be used to clean the bad intentions of others
dear, your father is a very fortunate man
God has tested him with wealth
but thanks to God that he succeeded
the love for wealth is such a strong thing
it doesn't die by any means
shall I give you its example?
now Altamash is not stopping on only Saeedpur's land
in fact, in order to keep Azka happily married with him. He also took away Sheikhupura factories from me
dad!
yes dear
so what? it doesn't make any difference to me
I have chosen Khursheed's companionship for you
which is most precious in this world
stay blessed dear
stay happy
I want to know by any means that how come Rutba got to know that Altamash has raised his hand on me
he had insulted me & I had to leave the house
you tell me aunty? What was my respect left over there?
yes yes, we'll get to know. Just sit down, relax & drink water
you look like Ronaq whenever you are angry
my mother has also spent her entire life in injustices
I don't want to spend a life like hers at all
I know it very well how to take my right
tell me, you have been meeting Rutba right?
today, it was quite clear from your attitude that there is something fishy
you are making a mountain out of a molehill uselessly
Rutba is my cousin
I haven't met her
but I can meet her, and there is no harm in it
your objection is useless
what!
aunty, are you listening?
he shall meet Rutba & I shouldn't even object?
you guys are exaggerating the matter for no reason
Rutba is married now & she is happy with Khursheed. Didn't you hear what she was saying?
and Azka look, when a married woman wants to keep her family intact then she compromises with a lot of matters
So aunty, you also listen to me very carefully
I really don't know how to do a compromise
I haven't come here to spend my life patiently & happily by quietly doing a compromise with these walls & doors
I came here as Altamash's wife, and he has to stay only mine
as far as Rutba is concerned, he cannot look at her at all. Otherwise...
Otherwise?
yes?
Otherwise?
you are about to become a father
if you won't stay only mine
then I will kill myself, as well as the baby
dad, you should have taken the doctor's suggestion before doing such a long journey
dear, few journeys are as such in which no suggestions have any importance
what will the doctors say?
dear, a journey is done on a heart's voice
and the doctors gives prescription against the same heart
does the heart beat has ever functioned on a doctor's advice?
Okay, then I will also go along with you
dear, I have to see the land related matters
and the entire day the lawyers & distributors will be visiting me
you take care of the matters over here. God willing, I will be back within two days. Ok?
this heart wants only one thing
there is only one desire of this heart
Rutba... Rutba, Rutba...
you don't need to say anything
your eyes...
your eyes says everything
how is everyone at home?
and how is your work going?
Arfa
I will call you later, bye!
the discussion was happening between me & brother Mehr Ali
So, why you came there? And with whose permission you have said such a big thing to him?
I was talking about your benefit. Do you know what big loss you have faced?
mom...
you have been doing efforts for your entire life for such benefits
what did you got?
our father wasn't as rich as uncle
neither he was such a big feudal landlord
but at least he had left enough for us that we can life our life proudly
but you haven't taught us how to live a respectful life
as if we used to live like beggars
and that kind of beggar, which snatches away the charity if he doesn't get it easily
stay in your limits!
let me speak today!
let me lessen the burden of my heart today
you don't know, how difficult it is to spend your entire life in this lie
and I had spent my entire life in this house
I saw two faces of yours
then whether its uncle Mehr Ali or aunt Sanober
you kept meeting them with a smiling face, while keeping malice & grudge in your heart
you have always been an enemy from the back, & friends from the front
such kind of parents attitude makes children go blind
then they are not left capable enough to look at the world in the right manner
and this has happened with Azka
how come so much of hatred & anger got into her
have you ever thought?
if you don't get it then snatch it
because of this rule she has snatched away Altamash from Rutba
but what Azka got?
even today, Altamash is still Rubta's
and Azka.. she is licking her own wounds
ok enough! enough of your rubbish
don't utter a single word! I would have slapped you if you weren't getting married
if you don't like the face, then you feel like breaking the mirror
but one should think, that whose fault is it
is it of the mirror, or of the face
I am leaving
that's why for the first & last time I have gathered the courage to say such bitter things
you are my mother
I didn't wanted to hurt you
but whenever I see around myself, I don't see anything except for the scorching heat of the sun
and then, I understand the meaning of shadow & shelter
Mehr Ali uncle
who had always been a thick shadow for us
I swear upon God mom
after seeing him, I understood
the real meaning of respect & honor
after the completion of documentation, I will go to my brother's house to Islamabad for a few days
I will leave to fulfill my dreams, after meeting my brother & sister-in-law once
Khursheed Hasan, do you know I am very happy
really!
nowadays, I feel that I don't have any complain or objection with life
to teach & to study, it was always my dream
To see my dreams getting fulfilled so beautifully
now I got to know that its such a good feeling
absolutely correct!
this is the only passion that doesn't let a person stop or get tired
every new flight gives new power to a person's wings
I am thinking to apply for PhD
yes, I know that you will do it for sure
So what do you think? Shall I call you doctor Khursheed Hasan?
No, no there isn't any such thing
it doesn't make any difference by adding an extra word in your name
the question still remains the same that what have you given to this world?
now whether I would be able to give something or not. But I would like to lit my share of lamp for sure
Can I say something to you, if you don't mind?
the way you have asked this question, for sure it must be related to Rutba
See, if she agrees to go to the UK along with you. Then you should take her along with you
Look, sometimes when you are unable to see the face of your loved ones clearly. Also you are unable to hear their voice clearly
then you should never close the door of your heart
one should try to clear the fog of presumption
kindly drop me to my friend's apartment while coming back from the embassy
Okay
and... if you meet Rutba then do ask her that what does she want
Altamash
you are here
but dad has gone to the farm house
I know, that's why I came
did you come to meet me?
this heart wants only one thing
there is only one desire of this heart
Rutba... Rutba, Rutba...
you don't need to say anything
your eyes...
your eyes says everything
you have taught these eyes how to speak
your beautiful face did
your eyes did
otherwise, these eyes are completely dumb for others
true...
I swear upon your life
Khursheed you!
what happened?
don't worry so much Rutba, I won't say anything
after seeing all this, I am left with no courage to say anything
Khursheed, listen to me...
Quiet!
be quiet!
otherwise I will shed your dirty blood on this clean floor
how dare you!
please please..
Altamash, please go
please Altamash, go from here
I will see you later
Khursheed...
what? What Khursheed?
what more do you want? Do you want freedom?
let me give it right away, I have no problem. I have to do a sign only
please no...
Please
don't even think of it
my father will die.. please no
please
Rutba
I wish you could have thought like this for someone else as well
I want to say a lot, but now I am left with no more courage
right now I can only say one thing to you
bye!
I am so happy since I have heard this good news
its not an easy task to produce an offspring in Bazil Khan's family
don't know what not I did to get pregnant, whether its religious affair or wordily
Thanks God, this is the second good news this house will be experiencing after so many years
now take very good care of yourself & of Altamash's baby
you should be saying this to Altamash, right aunty?
because he has to take care of me
but he doesn't even look at me properly
what am I wearing & of what color, where am I going. He doesn't see anything
did you see, how he was looking at Rutba on that day?
like a crazy person
I felt like taking out Altamash's eyes or scratching Rutba's face
I had gone there to make Rutba jealous, And to make fund of her helplessness
but I am getting jealous since I came back
what enmity you have with Rutba?
and why are you adamant in making her feel jealous?
there are a lot of favors of brother Mehr Ali
on you and on your mother as well
the age in which you had become an orphan, at that time you didn't even knew the meaning of an orphan
neither brother Mehr Ali made you realized it
he had always given priority to Rutba on us
and if he gave us anything ever, then it was in charity
you have Ronaq's tongue in your mouth
She also used to pull the hair of the person next to her, whenever she used to fall in her childhood
by claiming that the person next to her had pushed her
and listen to me very carefully
next time, always refrain to use such words for Altamash
because he will ensure to feed the meat of that person to the animals, who talks such things about him
you don't know Altamash yet
greetings uncle!
greetings dear! stay blessed. When is your flight?
my flight is day after tomorrow night, right now I am going to the village to meet mom
tonight I will stay with her
it means, I have to bid you farewell on the phone
its important for me to stay here for a few more days
I have kept the basis of college, so I have to make its arrangements
dear, the poor & needy kids of this area needed the college since long time
oh wow uncle! you have given me such a good news
you are like that person among those people who spreads darkness & hopelessness
the way a lamp is lit up in a dark night
dear, life is the name of a concise journey
its the desire of every extinguishing lamp to lit up thousands of new lamps
did you meet Rutba?
you should have taken her to the village with you, she would have met Rasheeda
uncle, every person has their own list of liking to meet people
I had gone to meet Rutba
She is very happy in Mehr Ali house
dear, Rutba's position in Mehr Ali house is just like a guest
She is your responsibility, always remember that
with whom you are going to the village?
for now I am going alone
Okay dear
may God keep you in his protection. Stay happy
Bye, uncle!
Bye dear!