we have already talked, mom
 she had said that she accepts
even I had said that I accept 
what is left to say or hear after all this?
the poet has said... 
these lanterns doesn't have a light anymore
brother, I have done exactly whatever you had asked me to do 
they weren't agreeing at all
and Altamash 
he was adamant. He was saying that he will ensure to bring Rutba to his house by any means
Sir
Greetings!
Greetings, how are you all?
uncle, can we please meet Rutba?
why not? 
Rasheeda, take them to Rutba
also make an arrangement for their lunch, there shouldn't be anything missing
they had paid a visit after so long
thank you!
Rutba, we just got Azka & s wedding card. How did it happen?
Altamash used to love you a lot, right? Also, he had married you
then how come all of this?
what is the scene? I don't get anything
Azka is calling everyone, and insisting to attend her wedding. 
but you didn't even inform us about your second marriage
whom you have got married to?
I know with whom Rutba has got married 
Rutba's cousin, her aunt's son "Khursheed"
the same, "Sheeda"
oh no!
really!
wait a minute! He is the same guy right who used to give you pick & drop?
He was just like your servant
but Rutba, why did your father married you to Khursheed after getting you divorced from Altamash?
he has done such a big oppression on you
my dear child... 
Khursheed Hasan is my son & Rutba's husband
brother Mehr Ali considers him like his son
he did top in his university
and he is teaching the girls like you in Hasanabad college
Khursheed Hasan is my son and I am proud of him!
remember one thing
Wealth epitomizes pharaoh, wisdom is the bequeathed of saints
And Rutba is very fortunate
that she got a life partner like Khursheed
you are very happy dad, you think that you have won this battle
Rutba has become a slave & Altamash's chapter is closed now
No dad!
this happiness doesn't suits you after snatching my smile
since you are Mehr Ali Khan, so I am also Rutba Mehr Ali Khan 
Khursheed can never win me
Never!
you may go
Rasheeda, no matter how much I explain to you. Still you do everything on your own
and you are always busy in serving others
brother, I have got no purpose of my life
Khursheed has also gone, and my time doesn't pass
this house is lively because of you, and you are stopping me do the work
oh! Rasheeda, from where the sun has rise today?
Greetings!*
Rutba, shall I make tea for you?
No, I will make it myself
Rutba, you haven't gone out since so long
go out, do some outing... make some program
yes... I will go
do take the money with you
No... I don't want anything
I forgot to tell you that I am getting your room's renovation 
it will look really good then
I will arrange a big party in our house upon Khursheed's arrival for their departure ceremony
Khursheed will live here with us in this house now
in fact, it would be better to say that you will live with Khursheed over here
I will live with Khursheed
but not in your luxurious house
in fact, in the small house that Khursheed has got
which is quite far from here
I've decided
I am going from here
for forever.. 
you want to give me false happiness like broken toys of mud, dad
and you think that Rutba will make the basis of her life with them
I will burn down your broken & shattered happiness once & for all
shopping, outings, big parties, gifts & social gatherings
now such things doesn't hold any value in front of me
that Rutba has died who used to get entertained by these toys
but you feel peaceful to see this walking corpse in this house, right?
so, I will also snatch away this peace from you 
the way you have snatched everything from me
now think that you have buried me in the coffin namely Khursheed
yes madam, where do you want to go?
sit inside the car, I will tell you
how can she leave without my permission?
why you didn't ask me?
what I could do, sir?
She had stopped the car on the bus station without saying anything, and sat in the bus
all of this had happened all of a sudden, that I couldn't do anything
my daughter had gone in the bus?
So, have I kept so many cars to use in the hell?
go
her phone is switched off
brother, where can Rutba go?
She must have gone to Hasanabad
how do you feel living here?
I am feeling good, as I am experiencing the clean air for the very first time
and then, the people of this place are very nice just like its environment
simple & hospitable
absolutely correct!
Its been almost a year that I came here from Hyderabad, I really don't feel like going back
so why don't you call your family here?
I mean, its better than staying alone
who is left in my family now
its been so many years to my parents demise
my brother & his wife both are in the army, therefore they wander round in different cities
now its just me & my books in the family. So its going pretty well
and... you?
why don't you call your family?
I mean, who else is there in your house?
only mother
then call her over here
I mean, she must be missing you over there all alone
maybe, she had chosen a girl for you of her choice
because looking at you, one can get an idea that... 
you will like the girl of your mother's choice
really!
its true, right?
See, the actual question is. Will the girl of my mother's choice like me?
lets find out the answer of this question until evening tea
I've heard that a setting sun gives a lot of hint
alright let me prepare an evening tea, then you can come & get it
Alright, I will see you in the evening... 
who is she?
Ms. Tazmeen, we'll meet in the evening
better
bye!
how did you came here?
in the bus
now don't ask that why I came here
why I shouldn't ask?
because you don't have the right
Oh!
come
did you came here after informing at home?
I didn't find it important
a person who has accepted a death sentence by its own consent
then he goes to the same place where there are gallows
Fine!
but here, you don't take life but give life
whether you live here like a calamity or a spirit, its your choice
I will take 15 minutes to freshen up, then I will make arrangements for lunch
you must be feeling hungry
yes Khursheed, I knew it that she must have gone to Hasanabad
but...  is everything fine?
yes, everything is fine uncle. Don't worry
Ok listen, do let me know if you need the money
No uncle, I have
but still ... 
Ok, how is mom?
I hope she isn't feeling very sad without me
you are her child, so getting upset is natural
but don't worry, she is fine
even if she is upset, still she doesn't express it
Okay, talk to her
hello! how is my son?
greetings mom!
greetings!
I'm just like that person who has been blessed by her mother
how are you?
Okay don't be upset without me, otherwise I won't be able to focus here
why you won't be able to focus now? now your bride has reached to you
you have to focus now
Okay mom, I'll talk to you later as I am busy right now
Okay fine, stay happy & blessed
Bye!
bye!
let me bring tea for you
Rutba, I have brought lunch for you
keep all of your things outside with you
I will not open the door for you daily, so that you can come in & get your things
neither I was snoring like you the entire night
just a while ago I had slept, and here you are asking for your things
a peaceful sleep is also a blessing, not everyone can enjoy it
but yes the sleep of negligence is a torment
tell aunt & Azka that I don't want any pageantry
the way wedding ceremony was done, the same way departure ceremony will happen
I had told her
Ronaq had mind it a lot
she said, its Altamash's second wedding but Azka's first wedding
Great!
it means, according to your sister its Altamash's second marriage
by the way your sister is very clever
yes!
because she has our brother's support
until yesterday, her tongue doesn't used to get tired while pronouncing sister at all times
but her attitude got completely changed after getting Saeedpur land
clearly tell Azka, those lands will be transferred in my name
if she tried to show any slyness then her condition will be same as Rutba's
Quiet! stupid.. 
we haven't come out of one drama as of yet, and you have started to show the stupidity for another?
stupid! Such matters aren't handled forcefully but with love & care
Rutba had her father's support, but there is no one behind Azka
but she will back out for sure because of this attitude of yours, and then you will get nothing!
your mother is absolutely correct
keep your senses strong, with calm state of mind
besides, a woman is quite a difficult thing
she thinks of herself something big if she gets some money
learn to become an archer instead of an arrow
then only you can hit the target, got it?
what is the need to make Azka realize that you are still mourning for Rutba?
She wants to be happy, support her the most in celebrating
she will definitely celebrate, mom
because according to her, she has won a very big battle
the property of Saeedpur, as well as Altamash's companionship
she had wanted all of this
since childhood, the poor girl was already into my love & jealousy with Rutba
but Altamash
Altamash follows the path as per his calculations
and there is no forgiveness in Altamash's diary for a deceitful & disloyal person
Khursheed
what is this drama?
what drama? This is the beginning
look, this is the stove, pan, plier, flour.. spices
what shall I do?
are you telling me all of this so that I shall prepare the food & serve you?
I've been seeing you since childhood
you had never stepped inside the kitchen in your own house
then how can I think that you will work here?
I am having a severe headache, and here you are making so much of noise
make me a cup of tea, and it should be piping hot
very nice, uncle!
how will I return this favor of your love?
Greetings!*
I am Tazmeen Ansari
Okay
is Mr. Khursheed home? I have brought rice for you guys
where is Mr. Khursheed?
oh Ms. Tazmeen, you here?
I had made rice for you, I thought since you have guests at home so...
actually I make really good rice
thank you!
one second...
give it to me
thank you! Please come, sit... the tea is almost ready
No no, please. I have to prepare morning lecture & you seem quite busy today
I thought of setting the kitchen
its such a good thing.
Alright then, shall I leave now?
Come, let me see you off. One second
Please come
Good bye!
Rutba
Rutba
one minute!
Rutba
what happen?
I have to go to the college & my things are lying inside
keep all of your things outside with you
I will not open the door for you daily, so that you can come in & get your things
neither I was snoring like you the entire night
just a while ago I had slept, and here you are asking for your things
a peaceful sleep is also a blessing, not everyone can enjoy it
but yes the sleep of negligence is a torment
one should seek protection from it
for now I want to get rid of you
I am very hungry so make breakfast as I haven't eaten anything since yesterday
let me take a shower until then
is the payment done by this party?
we have received the payment, and I have updated it
what about this payment?
we will get it by today
Okay, we'll check rest of the accounts later. You may go
hello! yes Azka
Altamash, my wedding dress is so pretty
thank you!
I have to see that how will you look in it
the time will tell you that how will I look
what shall I tell you, Altamash
how happy I am
I had waited for this day so eagerly
there is no need to say anything, Azka
why?
you should know that a girl you are marrying is not an ordinary girl
my love is special
that's why I am also special
Rutba couldn't get you
but I got you
and now you have to be mine always
Altamash
are you also eagerly waiting for the upcoming days, the way I am?
Azka, you have got whatever you wanted
but what I want, I am still waiting for it
 time will tell us that who will win & loose in this game of getting & loosing
everyone's happiness & benefits are associated with this relation
except me 
what do you think?
that I will agree to marry an ordinary person like you
I will choose you as my life partner 
I have just chosen you as my coffin
you also listen to me, dad 
you really wanted to see your daughter's corpse hanging on your decision's gallows
its fine then 
now you will not see your daughter but a corpse
I will live with Khursheed
but not in your luxurious house
in fact, in the small house that Khursheed has got
which is quite far from here
I've decided
I am going from here
for forever..
I hope I don't get late for the class today
what is this behavior?
I took a shower with cold water
yes so?
I am not habitual of taking a bath with cold water
I fall sick
we don't have geyser here, if you want hot water then go & get it from the kitchen
my childhood was spent in front of you, right?
have you ever seen me doing this sort of work?
you know this is not Mehr Ali house, right?
you knew it that I am Rutba Mehr Ali before marrying me, right?
you have read so many books
what does a girl deserves who had been living in a luxurious lifestyle
you must be aware of a wife's rights
yes absolutely!
by the way, I am also aware of the husband's rights
I've kept the breakfast on the table, do it
otherwise I have to listen to the complaint of cold breakfast like you did of cold water