this heart wants only one thing
there is only one desire of this heart 
Rutba... Rutba, Rutba...
you don't need to say anything
 your eyes...
your eyes says everything 
I got your call, all good?
Mr. Khursheed, actually my brother's flight got canceled due to Islamabad's weather. So he won't be able to come now
Oh...
So, what's your plan now?
then I will go back to Hasanabad, as I don't have any place here to stay
I am going to my village to meet my mother, if you want you can come along
with you? to the village?
its your choice
I really want to see your village
then come along, my mother is also there. She will take very good care of you
you will feel like your own home
home?
my home?
it feels as if its been so long that I had felt that way
Come on then, let me go to your village along with you
when I will meet your mother, I will feel like meeting my own mother
also, its been so long that I had hugged my mother
lets go
sit
so mom, how did you find Ms. Tazmeen?
she is very nice
mom, actually Ms. Tazmeen also wanted to see the village. So I thought to bring her along
this way she will meet you too, as I had already told her so much about you
you did very well, dear
this is our small house
this is our reality & truth
right dear?
mom, you know how much I love my village
yes
you haven't brought Rutba with you?
mom, I am so tired & hungry
let me bring the dinner
yes dad, I had gone to the university
I had a word with the teacher, there is a small process & after that I will be able to continue my studies
Rutba, time is such a weird thing
same days, same nights... same food
but still the person keeps changing
it was your desire, dad
now its my desire
so why are you amazed?
you have taught me how to walk by holding my finger
I am learning how to walk step by step along with you
time.. moments. No matter how same they are
but a person keeps on experiencing change
I've started to become Mehr Ali Khan from Rutba Mehr Ali
do you know, my favorite place in the entire house is that one where you used to sit
did you go to the village with Khursheed?
you should have gone, Rutba
help him in his busy schedule
dad... 
I am learning how to take care of the house
and then my studies will also start, I will hardly get any time
if Khursheed is busy, then I am also not idle
as you feel happy
but do go to the airport to see him off
tell him, that you will be waiting restlessly for him to come back
do you hear me?
yes dad... yes
for sure, I will go to see off Khursheed
Bye dad
Khursheed, what are you thinking?
nothing mom
I was thinking...
to convert our village's primary school into a high school after coming back to Pakistan
God willing
sure
brother Mehr had gone to the farm house. And since Rutba was alone in the house, so you should have brought her along
Umm.... actually Tazmeen's brother & sister-in-law lives in Islamabad
She also had to go there, but due to bad weather the flight got canceled
and she couldn't go
So I thought to bring her here so that she can meet you too
I am talking about Rutba & you are talking about Tazmeen. After all, what is this matter Khursheed?
Mom, I am the owner of this small house of this small village
and she is the only heir of that big palace of the big city
we are not compatible with each other
I have accepted it
and it would be better for you to accept it as soon as possible
slowly & gradually, rest everyone will understand it too
what are you trying to say?
Ms. Tazmeen & I are going to the UK from our university for a course 
it will take me a year & a half over there
you know its my dream since childhood
and... I cannot reject this dream of mine
Besides... 
this time will be easily passed with your prayers
Khursheed, remember one thing
Rutba is not only my daughter-in-law, but brother Mehr's favor
that's why, never take this matter out of your mind Khursheed
hello Arfa, how are you?
I'm fine Rutba, and very happy
All praise to God, always stay happy
I have also told mom
that I am very happy as I am leaving this house
my existence has always been like the walls of this house
I kept listening to everything quietly
I kept tolerating everything which I shouldn't have
you are coming in the evening, right?
I am eagerly waiting for you to come, more than Azka
hmm... I will come for sure
I have always considered you as my younger sister
its our henna ceremony, your happiness. So how is this possible that I will not come?
and then, dad is also not here. So I have to come for him as well
Okay, I will wait for you
Bye
bye!
oh mom, why are you crying? Its a matter of one year only
it will pass very quickly & then I will come to you directly
stay blessed dear, stay happy
ok listen
uncle must be alone in the city, so don't leave him alone. Keep visiting him
is this something to say?
why only brother Mehr? My daughter-in-law Rutba is also there. How can I stop going there?
just take care of yourself
I feel so satisfied after coming in this area
Mr. Kursheed, childhood is like this friend
whenever you meet him, you feel satisfied
maybe you are right
a person doesn't meet the ways, paths, & house. But he meets with its childhood's memories
there is only one school in this village
and the basis of that school was kept by my uncle
oh wow!
Mehr Ali Khan
God willing, when I'll come back to this village then I will convert the primary school of this village into a high school first & then to a college
God wiling
God willing
anyways, how do you find my village?
I felt that I will always stay happy even if I spend my entire life here
All praise to God... 
you are looking so pretty
very simple & innocent
do you know
You always used to look like a doll when you were so small
don't know when you grew up so fast
I wish... 
that Azka had ever expressed so much of love for me
but maybe her heart & soul is empty, it doesn't have any love
she only sees herself in every kind of mirror
and after that Altamash
its such a big day of your life
don't be upset
go happily, ok?
Arfa
if I ask you something
will you answer me?
dear, go & check on Arfa, Whether she got ready or not
ask her to be quick
don't know why sister Sanober is taking so long
she doesn't have any shame or realization
she handover all the responsibilities to me when its her family's occasion
and when its my turn, she got lost like guests
I'm coming... 
from the day I grew up & until today
I had always seen mom & Azka doing only hatred, sowing & reaping bad & doing conspiracies only
mom had mutiny with uncle
enmity with aunt Sanober & complains from an entire world
She used to think that everyone took away her right
got her love marriage ended and then
her marriage with my father couldn't last for a very long time
She couldn't compete uncle or aunt Sanober financially ever
and the biggest
was her physical disability
that she couldn't accept till date
everything got infected like an ulcer
and her each & every thinking became bitter like poison
and every action became thorny like a thorn
but Azka
what's the reason behind Azka's hatred with me?
I had always considered her as my sister
also I had given her rights
Altamash used to like you, Rutba
was this reason less?
aunt Sanober & uncle Bazil used to love you a lot
and Altamash... he used to circle around you at all times
Azka used to feel so jealous from within
she used to keep smiling & laughing in front of you
and used to annoy you from Altamash's name
but she used to shout & yell after coming home
she used to give a lot of curses to you & Altamash
curses do come back
I wish, Azka would have understood this
she could have said to me once
that if she didn't get Altamash, then she will die
then maybe, she didn't had to do all these conspiracies
Rutba... she wanted your happiness more than Altamash
don't be mad Azka, what's wrong with you?
your sister's in-laws are here. What will they think if you will do any inappropriate act
my heart will burst...
you aren't getting it. I.. 
I cannot see them together
ok...
make Altamash distant from her, go tell her
Azka... distract yourself. Come on
lets start the ritual of henna, lets apply henna to your sister
I feel like shooting her!
why do you say such things about your sister?
Greetings!
Greetings, congratulations!
my child... my eyes were yearning to see you
sister, shall I make a complain to you?
its her sister's wedding, you could have sent her a few days earlier
when I had put restrictions on her, that I will put now?
actually Altamash had said that since its her sister's wedding so she will dance day & night and will become restless
and who will be responsible if she incurs any loss?
absolutely correct!
that's why I showed patience by thinking that an upcoming baby is our first responsibility
I pray that everything goes well
Ok...
aunt, Rutba didn't come?
she came, she is inside the room with Arfa
good thing...
Come, Mr.s Tariq is here from America. She was asking about you
really!
good to hear that
I was thinking that..
Altamash
don't talk to Rutba about anything
in fact, don't you dare to look at her
I deserve your entire attention, right?
she had got Altamash long time ago
but she is still not happy
Azka wants to see you unhappy & unsatisfied from the bottom of her heart
Rutba listen
neither I am despicable, nor I am the enemy of my blood relations
I have told you everything. Each & everything
mom & Azka's conspiracies, schemes. Their false claim of love
All those things due to which you & Altamash were separated
I am telling you all this, do you know why?
why?
so that whenever you will achieve everything in your life, everything!
respect, love, care, peace ..
so that, then you can make your heart bigger & forgive my mother & sister
otherwise, Azka will never stay happy
and like our mother's life, her after life will also be ruined
please Rutba
whenever you can make your heart that much bigger in your life
then please do forgive my mother's & sister's mistakes
I know, they did so wrong with you & uncle
but I don't want your curses to affect my family
come on, stop crying
you look good while smiling
you are looking like a fairy
but fairies makes a person go crazy, they do magic. Be careful!
what do you think? Am I in my senses?
how is it possible that Altamash doesn't looses his senses after seeing Rutba? Its against Altamash's pride
these words of yours had made me go crazy
hmm...
come on, then lets make everyone go crazy together
Azka
what are you doing?
look at both of them
how they are dancing together
Okay
I'm telling you, let me insult her once in this gathering full of people
only after that Rutba will stay away from my husband
don't be mad Azka, what's with you!
your sister's in-laws are here. What will they think if you will do any inappropriate act
my heart will burst... you aren't getting it. I..
I cannot see them together
ok...
make Altamash distant from her, go tell her
Azka... distract yourself. Come on
lets start the ritual of henna, lets apply henna to your sister
I feel like shooting her!
why do you say such things about your sister?
you don't know what she did to me!
I will tell you once the function ends
We'll discuss it after the departure of the guests
Okay, fix yourself now
as I said, we'll discuss it after the departure of the guests
I am going inside
Azka
won't you have dinner?
I will... you also eat
listen!
nothing!
Okay then tell me, what shall I eat?
Deceit
I mean, we shall deceit the world for sometime
or perhaps, we shall be deceived ourselves
our getting close is deceit
No Rutba
its not deceit
our coming close to each other is the biggest reality of our lives
Please! Don't say such big things
I don't believe your such words anymore
Rutba, just once..
believe me for once, I will do whatever you will ask me to do
but do go to the airport to see him off
and tell him that you will be restlessly waiting for him to return
why there is so much of sadness on your face?
maybe...
it came to my face after coming out of your heart
I didn't get it
but I am getting it
leaving without meeting Rutba cannot give you any sort of happiness
I would have become more upset if I would have met her
if sadness completes a person
then sadness is better than fake happiness
I really wanted you to meet Rutba once before leaving
Thousands of desires, each worth dying for…
many of them I have realized…yet I yearn for more…
I call her Goddess of stone
and Goddess of stone never cares about anyone's feelings
lets go now, a lot of other trails are left now
Khursheed...
Greetings!*
also Good bye too!
I came to bid you farewell
why are you in such a hurry?
why did you bother yourself by coming here?
We have already bid farewell to each other
Ms. Tazmeen, come quickly. I am waiting for you
its good that I met you
I...
I wanted to talk to you
tell me, Rutba
since you have raised your hand
it feels as if
my heart is imprisoned in its own cage
you shall know the answer of whatever you did, but...
I shouldn't have raised my hand on you
I should have kept the honor of Khursheed's name
I?
what as such I have done?
honestly speaking, at first even I didn't believed it that...
you can do any such thing
its fine that you have told Khursheed about me & Altamash
but... you had sent mine & Altamash's pictures to my father
I didn't expected this from you
Rutba! what are you saying?
would I be able to face Khursheed Hasan ever after doing such a disgusting act?
how can you even think of it?
nobody knew this secret except for you
why not?
the one who knew this secret, it was his benefit in revealing it
Rutba, you are really very simple & innocent
you couldn't understand such a small thing
I am not only disappointed on the fact, that you had raised your hand on me
I am disappointed on the fact, that you couldn't understand me even after spending so much of time with me
but how can I make complain to you?
you couldn't even understood Khrusheed Hassan too
Tazmeen!
but you had said that if I wouldn't have come in between
then you would have fallen in love with Khursheed
that matter has been lost in the maze of our past
and my passion has become dead long time ago, because of the strength of yours & Khursheed's relation
then...
then I want that..
you shall make this passion alive once again
for yourself and...
for Khursheed too
tell him what real happiness is
Khursheed
Khursheed is very nice, also you are a very nice person
only a decent & graceful girl like you suits him
Rutba, what are you saying?
I am saying the truth
after giving it a lot of thought
I want you both to stay happy
I will wait that..
when you people will come back then
you shall be together
Good bye!
I'm leaving
Khursheed must be waiting for you