You won't have any relation or contact with Altamash
Look Khursheed .. 
I'm not asking for explanations. 
I'm clarifying that no matter how inferior I am for you
 this marriage wasn't forceful
You agreed. 
I hope Altamash will like me, as he likes this color a lot on me
yes! its good. But there is one problem 
what?
You seem like a beetroot in some farm
hello!
after listening to your voice, I feel as if the happiness has come back into my life
Altamash
you!
I have changed my number
but the voice is same
you have not only changed the number
but you have changed so many things
eyes, path, destination...  everything
then... 
why are you contacting me now?
you had called to inquire about my health
and I came back to life while dying
Rutba, I will stop breathing if I won't talk to you now
but... 
there is someone whom you had made a living corpse
you have buried that Rutba who was dressed up as a bride, with your own hands
you... 
congratulations to you that you have lived up again!
but Rutba Mehr Ali Khan has died
Rutba listen to me...
I don't want to talk to you about anything, Altamash
don't call me again ever
Rutba
Rutba
I have told you not to contact Altamash
but I.. 
Did I said it or not?
Altamash had called me, I didn't
but you were talking
so what difference does it make?
it does make a difference
I am your husband, not your servant
its your duty to fulfill my every legal command!
see.. 
I have become distant from Altamash, but it doesn't mean that I will become close to you
what do you think, Rutba?
that you are very far from my approach?
its not at all difficult for me to get you
and what do you think?
that its just your contumacy in between us?
No!
there is also my ego & self respect in between us
and I know it very well that how to protect my self respect
stay away from Altamash
but don't consider my leniency as my wish to get close to you
remember that you came here by walking on your own
I haven't taken a single step towards you as of yet
don't forget this
today sir Zeeshan was saying that your lecture was so good that he had sat along with the students to listen to it
Greetings!
It seems that I came on the wrong time
No, no.. you haven't come on the wrong time. Please come, sit
Please come
loneliness is like a companion, a friend
and sometimes this friend shows a lot of antics, also it irritates a lot
a heart gets worried if the loneliness gets upset
and then we start missing friends at various times, such as while standing, sitting, talking... 
you are not alone, Ms. Tazmeen
its just that Rutba & I are not good neighbors, and I know it 
but yes, I also know that we can become good friends
that's why, you can come here anytime without any hesitation
thank you so much!
and I am sure that you are not just a good friend but a good person as well, Mr. Khursheed
I came to give you guys an invitation for tonight's dinner
but why?
just like that
actually I have a delusion that I cook good food
and if it feels like cooking something good, then it feels that there shall be someone to appreciate as well
this is the only reason, nothing else
I will like it if you people will have dinner with me tonight
Yes sure, we'll come
then at 8 PM?
I will wait for you guys 
Bye!
Did Altamash eat anything?
right now he is eating anger, and drinking the sips of regret
its not an easy task to understand life
a person learns a lesson after getting trough regrets
now you'll see that my son will play every game thoughtfully
what reply did your sister gave about the property?
she hasn't answered
She was teaching us a lot, to get all the properties in Altamash's name from brother Mehr Ali
and now she is dying to do the same thing
both mother daughter duo had gone completely quiet
by the way Sanober, your sister is such a cruel woman
yes yes! She is teaching us very good lessons
but now she has to transfer the property in Altamash's name
Come dear, sit
come dear, sit with us
did you talk to aunt?
what answer did she gave?
whether she answers or not, but she has to give the land
our son is not an easy fish to trap
why fish Bazil Khan? Call him a crocodile!
who gulps everything that comes in front of him
Greetings brother Mehr Ali, come.. have a seat
is everything alright?
Azka... Ronaq
Greetings!
Greetings!
I came to drop your daughter in law
I hope she will be welcomed whole heartedly
you guys had closed your doors by seeing Rutba empty handed
but Azka had brought a lot along with her
She shouldn't have any complain. Are you getting me, Altamash?
Azka is Altamash's wife
and Altamash's love shall only be for Azka
whatever belongs to Altamash is of Azka
and whatever is Azka's is also of Altamash, but...
my gifted property will only remain in Azka's name
I hope that you have understood my point
I'm leaving
Uncle...
I also want to discuss something important with you
Sure
not only I am invented, but Tazmeen has invited you too. You know that right?
my name is just an excuse
maybe, she doesn't know that she doesn't needs excuses
uncle always wanted you to study further
who can understand a child's needs more than a father?
Khursheed, don't take the wrong meaning of my quietness
if I listen to you quietly, then it doesn't mean that whatever you will say I will listen
since you are not my slave, so I am also not your captive
Fine! shall I go now, as I am getting late
you are free from my side, I don't care!
speak up, what do you want to say
uncle you have played very well
when a life is at stake then..
a person doesn't plays with cruelty but thoughtfully
Altamash
Fate support those people who doesn't leave others in difficult times
don't think that Altamash gave up
Altamash
I have to save my loved ones
I have never thought about victory or defeat in the war of my loved ones relations
but... a person who has impurity & dishonesty in his heart
he sees the entire world as enemy
I know it very well that why Azka is imposed on me
but I am not that donkey who shall take the burden unwillingly
Saeedpur properties are in Azka's name
so let it be
but what will I get to fulfill this relation?
I don't like the trading of relations, Altamash
but who wishes to get sold
their price should be decided
tell me, what do you want?
Sheikhupura factories
you have to transfer them on my name
Azka can stay in this house only on this condition
Okay
it will be done
Rutba... 
Mr. Khursheed, why Rutba didn't come?
Rutba is the owner of the lands, wealth & properties. Then why she cannot be the owner of her consent?
Besides, ordinary people like me doesn't qualify on the requirement of others
shall I say something if you don't mind?
Ms. Tazmeen, my capability of minding something has become really weak
you can say whatever you want to
as I don't mind anything anymore
Rutba is a girl
soft o delicate, sensitive.. 
maybe, the circumstances has made her stubborn and bigot
because after seeing her, and meeting her. I have realized that she is quite delicate within inside as well
who melts like a wax
if you will distant her from yourself in this manner, then she will keep on melting like this
maybe, you hadn't asked her to come along with you
or maybe, you hadn't insisted her with love
she needs a cure
only a woman can see another woman's grief or sorrow easily
but nobody thinks about a man who seems to be very strong from outside
that maybe his emotions are also injured
or maybe he needs an ointment of love
I am not making a complain to you
please sit, let me go & call her
Sure
I won't stop you
I will wait for you to return alone, while sitting here
its important to know the person whom you are favoring
I am sure that she will not refuse me
Rutba
Ms. Rutba... Rutba
Mr. Khursheed, Rutba is not at home
what!
Rutba
Rutba
Rutba!
Rutba
Rutba
Rutba
Rutba
Rasheeda, when the day is spent with harsh realities
then the nights are spend in the same manner
even if I lie down on the bed, still I won't feel sleepy
the sleeping pills are very cheap in price, Rasheeda
but... a peaceful sleep is a very precious thing
Saeedpur properties are in Azka's name
so let it be
but in order to fulfill this relation you have to transfer the Sheikhupura factories on my name
Azka can stay in this house only on this condition
what is this brother, you are still awake
the doctor had advised you to go to sleep early
Rasheeda, when the day is spent with harsh realities
then the nights are spend in the same manner
even if I lie down on the bed, still I won't feel sleepy
the sleeping pills are very cheap in price, Rasheeda
but... a peaceful sleep is a very precious thing
we don't get it very easily, a person has to do a lot of big sacrifices
tomorrow morning, the lawyer will come. Kindly give this to him
for what?
these are the documents of Sheikhupoora towel factory, I have transferred them in Altamash's name
why?
he has quoted the price of his conscience
anyways, at least Azka can stay married happily
Can Altamash stoop so low?
when a person's blood relations are not sincere, then the beating heart inside the chest also becomes unfaithful
brother, your life is more precious than these ungrateful relations
please go inside & rest, let me bring your medicines
oh uncle!
yes sir?
did you see someone passing by?
No, I didn't
you are doing very nice duty
brother, these are your medicines
take them & rest, there is no need to take any tension
whatever you order, my sister
brother, how can I dare to order you
just accept it considering it a sister's request
Rasheeda, you are more important to me that my real sisters
I can never repay the reward of your care
your presence gives me a lot of courage
also your presence gives me a lot of support
people like you are God's blessings
brother, now windup & keep aside all the worries
and do rest after taking medicines
Good night!
good night!
madam, where do you want to go? Which ticket shall I give you?
where is the bus going?
its going to Quetta, where do you want to go?
Karachi! I want to go to Karachi
give me one thousand rupees
count your amount carefully
don't make a noise later that they are less, I have taken one thousand from it
its fine
remember that you came here by walking on your own
I haven't taken a single step towards you as of yet
Hello!
yes Khursheed, you are calling at this hour
is everything fine?
No uncle, nothing is fine... actually Rutba
what happened to Rutba?
uncle, Rutba has gone from the house. I can't find her anywhere, I am trying my best to find her
I had called her, but her number is also coming to be off
I don't understand what to do. Maybe she is coming to you
Rasheed, where Rutba has gone? You must know
how come you had let her go?
Khursheed, you have to answer me
Hello!
come with us, where are you going so late at night?
why do you care?
you must be tired after doing such a long journey. Come, lets have tea
get lost from here, otherwise I will call the police
we aren't that bad though, come with us
Rutba!
lets go
come sit
come on
dad, you don't know that what you did to me
Khursheed is not as naive as you think about him
he makes me cry a lot
whatever I did, he had compelled me to do all this
he thinks that he is very intelligent, wise etc. And I am nothing
I am nothing for him
I don't understand...
Greetings mom! How are you?
Greetings!
how is my son?
how can I be?
Khursheed, Rutba is home
I knew that she will come there, anyways its good
brother has brought her home himself
don't know what was her intention
where are you my dear? where are you wandering so late night?
I am on my way towards Karachi
I got late because my car's tyre got punctured
my son is coming home after so many days
Khursheed
I yearning to see your face
I'm coming mom
Bye!
Rutba
if you ever have any complain with anyone
then don't ever put yourself into any trouble
dad, do you think that I am stubborn?
I got this stubbornness in heritage
your contumacy has ruined my life
then why are you worried now?
what you had thought, dad?
that I can stay happy with Khursheed
Khursheed doesn't have any quality, dad
he an only give pain to the people living with him, nothing else
Greetings uncle!
greetings!
So have you become successful in finding Rutba, Khursheed?
at this hour of the night?
you didn't even realize that Rutba could have got into some trouble or so
I don't believe that you will show such a careless attitude
You! to whom I had handover my most precious mandate
uncle, if Rutba would have said to me then I would have come here myself to drop her
Rutba had left your house in anger, that too so late at night and you didn't even get to know?
where were you at that time, Khursheed?
Speak up!
uncle I...
Khursheed, I am so disappointed. Very much!
you didn't even think before hurting Rutba, that she is my life
you taunt her
I hadn't hand over her to you for this
also, not for this that you shall ignore her & find your happiness somewhere else
you may leave
dad, I want to sleep
Okay dear, you shall go & take rest.
I will explain Khursheed, he will understand
Rutba, I want you both to end the difference between you guys
Okay dad
Good night
Good night!