Why are you blinding yourself in her love?
I don't see any innocence on her face
I saw an attraction in her face before.
But now I only see is intensity. She only used to look before...
but now she only thinks.
I didn't come here to give you an explanation, rather I came here with good news.
I'm about to give Altamash a successor and after that Altamash will only be mine.
Are you here to challenge me?
Challenge accepted.
Then why don't you try to make Altamash yours...
if he becomes yours, then fine. But if he is unable to become yours...
then I will make him mine.
This game will prove to be very costly for you.
I want this to become costly for me. I'm excited.
When a player doesn't have a way out...
then the only choice they have left is to win the game.
Izka... you're the one who started this game.
But I'll be the one to win it.
If you try and do anything to me, I'll burn everything around you.
What else have you done all your life?
It's quite hot... close the door on your way out.
Be careful on your way Rasheeda... look at your village and stay there as long as you can...
I respect their presence and the relationship that I have with them.
When this place calls you again...
then come back. I will always be there... expecting your return.
I will be grateful for your service.
Qazda, remember that I'm always focused on Ahad.
Auntie, come sit down. I'll have tea brought for you.
No my dear I had tea before I came here.
What's the matter?
You seem sad.
I miss Khursheed.
Khursheed cried so much.
How he yearned?
I wonder how he must have controlled himself.
How must he have taken care of himself?
How did he get better from such a great tragedy?
It's been so many days and Khursheed still hasn't called.
My dear child has cried so much.
He must be taking care of himself.
Just like...
how we are.
Sometimes tears come into my eyes...
and sometimes a smile appears on my face out of nowhere.
Auntie...
Go to the village for a few days.
You stay happy and satisfied there.
Don't worry about me.
Half the day I spend in university and the half of it I spend in my thoughts.
What will you do inside this big house alone?
How can I leave you here, in this big house, alone?
Once Khursheed comes back to take care of you, I'll leave.
Auntie, don't worry about my loneliness.
Look after your madrassa... prepare the people there for school
I'll come there soon.
I want to maintain my father's name there.
I will be waiting for you.
Come there soon.
Are you sure that they were talking about Rutbah?
Were those papers for Rutbah?
Yes miss.... they were talking about Rutbah...
The young sir said that after marrying Rutbah, Mehar Ali's entire inheritance would become hers.
I'll see how they achieve this.
If I don't make their life hell, my name isn't Aska.
Altamash, what is it?
Soon we'll be together.
My lawyer has prepared the documents, all I need is your signature.
I'll manage the things in court.
It would be better if we talk about this later.
I cannot tell you how I've been controlling my emotions up till now.
Every moment that passes by seems like a century.
That's not something new.
What do you mean?
Meaning, you were always like this and so were your emotions.
They were always blunt and hurtful.
Only for you Rutbah...
Please stop making me wait.
Should I bring the papers by?
I can't talk about this in front of auntie Rasheeda.
Soon she'll leave for the village and then we'll talk about it soon.
Can we meet tomorrow?
Not now.
My relationship with Khursheed is still strong.
We'll meet.
But for that, you'll have to be patient and wait.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Take good care of yourself, auntie.
Sure, my dear.
I don't feel like leaving you alone here.
I'm not alone.
Father's memories are attached to every part of this house.
When I reach there I'll ask Khursheed to leave everything and come to you.
I'll ask him to take care of you.
I'll ask him to take care of you.
Take care of yourself.
I'll keep calling you.
I'll get going.
Why are you calling me? I asked you not to.
While you wait there your wife is murdering your respect here!
Rutbah and Altamash have decided to marry each other. I heard it!
And Rutbah has already set the amount of her dower with Altamash.
Altamash has transferred his entire inheritance to Rutbah and do you know what Altamash wants in return...
He wants his uncle's entire inheritance, which Rutbah is happy to do for him.
Both of them have become blind.
Their old love has become a flame that will burn us all!
And you're the character of the story that doesn't show up.
Play your role Khursheed... the role that uncle handed over to you.
You can't handle a single girl... what's the point in you being educated?
Let's go..
Alright... I'm coming.
Where are you going Altamash? The weather is bad outside.
I'm not a child that would be scared of the weather.
What should I say to scare you then?
Who's name should I speak that would make you stay?
With me.
On your soon-to-be-born child's life don't go.
Your soon-to-be-born son.
Are you telling me good news?
Not only good news... it's a request.
Don't leave your child at the mercy of your decisions.
Rutbah is nowhere between us three.
Remember that...
Enough...
If Rutbah comes into my life, it will make no difference in your life.
Believe me.
I'll keep you happy.
I will give you everything that you deserve.
But... Rutbah needs to come into my life.
I'm telling you...
so that you're mentally prepared.
This was bound to happen one day
Think of this as karma.
When I come back we'll celebrate this good news.
Alright, Altamash.
Let's celebrate.
Why don't you understand why I'm doing all of this in a rush?
What do I want?
Why can't you see the lava that is boiling inside of me?
Why don't you feel its intensity... answer me.
Yes Lal Khan, what is it?
Altamash?
Send him inside.
What's the matter Aska?
Is there something? I'm going to sleep.
I know that you're sleeping... if you were awake you wouldn't be doing all this.
Your encouragement is making him spend his honor and his inheritance on Rutbah.
This love that he has for Rutbah, he's not the only one responsible for it...
you are as well... as well as uncle. Me... my love... and my child can go to hell!
You people can go to any lengths to gain an uncle's inheritance.
Even if you have to fall at Rutbah's feet.
Mind your tongue!
Don't forget that I'm Altamash's mother and your mother-in-law.
Your hate has destroyed the relationship between an aunt and her niece.
The day you entered Altamash's life was the worst day of his life.
You are a conniving... disrespectful... lying girl... full of hatred!
How can a person like you bring happiness to her husband and his family?
You were never able to sink yourself in our hearts.
If Altamash is turning back to Rutbah, why are you surprised?
Before accepting someone, you have to show the other person that you are theirs.
Look at Rutbah... she's an honorable girl and she has proven her honor. She went through a tragedy...
But he still meets with the same love... then there's you...
we brought you here as our crown jewel, but you wanted to become a thorn in our side.
A thorn that doesn't exist peacefully.
If this is causing Altamash and Rutbah to get back together, then Basit and I will support him.
We will not stand against him.
Yes...
I know all this.
That's why I also know that you are the real schemer...
Uncle and Altamash as well.. not only that you guys are liars and greedy as well.
And you're blaming my love?
Remember one thing, auntie...
When love turns to hate...
then everything is ruined...
I could have bowed my head in front of Altamash...
but...
I will never bow my head in front of Rutbah...
Remember one thing...
Rutbah will become the daughter-in-law of this house.
The decision has been made... go.
Go, do whatever you want.
Why are you here?
When I told you not to come here
I was so happy to meet you.
I couldn't wait.
I came here running.
What's this?
Documents.
For the factory in Sheikhupura...
For the lands in Seharpur...
And for our mansion... all is in your name.
This is what you wanted, right?
If there's any doubt... you can ask the lawyer to check it out in the morning.
You have made me happy.
Now it seems that you want me to be with you.
Rutbah...
Why don't you understand?
Why can't you understand the rush I am in?
What do I want?
Why can't you see the lava that is boiling inside of me?
Why don't you feel its intensity... answer me!
The shine on your face...
Why can't I see the acceptance on your face?
Rutbah...
don't be so cruel to me.
Have mercy.
Just once...
let me feel your love.
Once I feel your love...
Stay away...
What is love to you? Only a successor... that's it?
Don't be so cold.
What haven't I done for you?
I gave you everything that you asked for... I didn't refuse.
Think about me as well.
At least I have that right.
What is love to man? It is to accept someone.
To be accepted... to burn oneself and others.
Don't slant my extremism
Rutbah...
Look at yourself with my eyes...
you will have no complaints against me.
You will feel no loss in being mine.
Take these and go back!
I don't need lust in place of love.
Six months...
For six months I lived in that flat with Khursheed.
We spend night and day under the same roof.
If he wanted...
he could have stayed in my room with my father's permission in Mehar Ali's house.
But he didn't do that.
For more than a year...
we've been in a lawful relationship.
But he never...
he never touched me without my permission.
He...
He never looked at me vilely.
He always looked at me...
with respect... honor... and love.
This is what being a man is about.
That is what is called honor.
Rutbah...
Before praising any other man in front of me remember...
that you have promised to be with me.
Especially don't praise that poor...
two-bit man.
Who has a diamond-like you...
in his possession.
And he doesn't care.
Rutbah you've made me happy.
I was hurt by you, but still, I've forgotten it.
The truth is not that...
Khursheed...
didn't touch you...
Because...
he didn't stop coming near you.
The truth is that you didn't let him touch you.
Because...
you think...
that you were Altamash's possession...
And you will always stay Altamash's possession.
That's something to think about, answer me!
Answer me Rutbah!
Answer me Rutbah!
Answer me Rutbah!
Khursheed!
You can't believe it either, right?
I didn't believe it as well.
I came to you to offer my condolences after my uncle's demise.
But now I think I'll have to offer my condolences to my uncle.
I'll have to tell uncle that he's alive...
But Mehar Ali is dead.
Khursheed... Khursheed... Khursheed, please listen to me!
Rutbah! Rutbah!
Rutbah!
Khursheed, please wait and listen to me...
Is it not that one should listen to the explanation before complaining?
Rutbah... an explanation is required.
Tell him that he's no one between us... so he should return the same way he came. We've already decided on our future.
Enough of your nonsense.
Let me talk to him.
Enough Rutbah...
All the doors between us are locked forever.
I don't need an explanation from you.
I don't have any complaints against you.
I have complaints against my heart.
Khursheed...
Give me a chance to say something...
Dead people can't talk.
You will get your last possession.
Be happy.
That's good.
The last thorn in our way removed itself.
The wise men are right...
A man can never understand a woman till his dying breath.
I'll get going.
I'll come back to either take you with me...
or come here to live with you.
On your say-so I...
I have burned all my ships on your say-so,
You don't have the option to turn back...
nor do I.
I'll get going.