they are not only documents
there is jewelry as well, your mother's jewelry
and you've got complete right on them. Rutba, your mother must have kept them for you, right?
by any means, you have to bring that jewelry to your room from your father's room
I wanted to feel her fragrance
now I've seen it
so it feels as if
I have cried on my mother's shoulders
I have felt her fragrance
you couldn't do anything for me, mom
my emotions are getting buried in the noise of these celebrations
and when these emotions are buried once
then a person is not considered dead or alive
who can understand this pain better than me, Azka
but I promise you that I won't let Rutba enter this house
no matter if I have to die for it
come on fix your mood & smile
we have to smile, even though just for pretending
Rutba is so lucky, right?
as she is getting a loving life partner like you
I wish she can value you
she loves me from the bottom of her heart
is this something less to love someone to this extent?
but love needs proof, Altamash
I had convinced her to marry you with so much of difficulty
I had to swear upon your love to her
then she had agreed
as it is, she has always given priority to uncle's fear upon your love
she gives importance to my love more than everything
I have tested her many times
will there be any doubt left if she will bring the documents of her father's lands & her mother's jewelry upon my orders?
I wish whatever you are thinking must happen
but I don't think so that Rutba will be able to do this
uncle's fear will not let her do this
don't you worry
this will happen
such a blind trust destroys a person
if Rutba came empty hands
then you won't be able to tolerate it
when a person starts thinking more than requirement then he starts talking unnecessarily
don't you worry!
you just dance, sing, beat the drums & clap
Rutba will be of Altamash's for sure
and the entire world will see this celebration!
be careful, if Rutba came back empty hands from there
then you will hear the echo of these clapping
as the echo of a slap
Khursheed
tomorrow is Rutba's wedding, and you haven't made any new clothes
you're continuously busy in doing the work. I fear, what if you get sick
mom, I am worried about uncle
he is tolerating such a big grief all alone
I fear, what if something happen to him
God forbid dear, what are you saying?
the mountains stand tall even after tolerating the harsh weathers
but a human is not a stone
someday, it breaks & shatters
but then its his daughter's love which has still kept him gathered as of yet
hmm...
after all, Rutba has given such a big shock to her father
mom, she also did a very big favor
the basis of this house would have trembled, but she had save them
anyways, kindly iron my white suit. I will wear it tomorrow
again the same white dress!
dear, there are holes in the shirt. What will the people say?
just now I remember, my teacher had called. I am getting the first position, and the result will be announced day after tomorrow
really! may God give more success to my son
see, how you have forgotten the holes of my shirt in a moment
when a person's medals are decorated on his chest then the patches on his dress seems to be expensive
just pray that your son becomes so successful that...
people don't see the patches on his clothes, instead his abilities
my son has become so intelligent
today, if your father would have been alive
then he would have been so happy on your abilities
now make me drink some tea
let me bring it right away
today is my daughter's day of departure ritual after marriage
may God bless you
every coming day shall be an Eid, and every coming night shall be festive for you
I pray that no grief shall touch you ever
I pray that you always stay happy, may God bless you with a lot of happiness
we don't cry on such occasions
we shall only smile & be happy
aunty, I am missing my mother a lot
if today, she had been here with me
then I wouldn't have felt so alone & helpless
look...
nobody has applied henna on my hands
how will I get ready, or how will I become a bride? Nobody cares for me here
I know
I know that Altamash must have planned a lot of things for me
he must have done a lot for me
but aunt, I had never imaged that I will leave my father's house like this
how can father do this to me?
how can he give me such a big punishment for my such a small mistake?
how can he be so stone hearted for me, aunty?
maam Rashida, the parlor woman is here for madam Rutba
also the cameraman is coming. Sir had said its all your responsibility, so nothing should be missing
tell brother that I am with Rutba until her departure ritual
he shouldn't worry
I had told brother everything myself in detail in front of you
its impossible that Rutba shall come out of the mansion with documents & jewelry
but... Rutba hasn't told any such thing to Altamash as of yet
if any such thing would have happened, or if she would have been caught then she would have discussed it with Altamash
she has got so many ways to contact him
she did it so many times earlier as well
the matter is very complicated
how can brother tolerate such a big act of Altamash?
and if he has caught Rutba red handed, then he must have created a chaos as of yet
maybe uncle has beaten her, maybe he took back the documents & jewelry but...
he had hid the matter due to the dear of defamation
do one thing, go to Rutba's house right away
and ensure Rutba that you both will attend the wedding from her side, not from Altamash's side
I will bring the groom's family with sister Sanober
what will happen by doing this?
it will, Azka
during the discussion try to find out from Rutba that whether she has brought the jewelry or not
if she hasn't then we have to tell Altamash on the right time!
I'm sure, he will leave without taking the bride with him
nothing as such will happen
you don't know Altamash, he can't even breathe without Rutba
he will never leave from there without her
Azka, you don't know Altamash
men like Altamash never tolerates their insult
do as I am asking you to do.
Go, get ready
don't know what both of you are about to do now
I don't understand what problem you both have with this relation
come on be quick, put all these baskets inside the car
Bazil, have you kept the baskets containing dry dates or not?
we'll serve my brother's guests the dry dates for sure
I have already asked them to keep it inside the car, don't worry
Okay! everyone should know that we have come to take away our daughter-in-law
please check it once
Okay I will
hey Ronaq, you are coming right now? Go & check on your nephew
don't know which creams he is applying, he hasn't got ready as of yet
what are you saying, sister? Why he would be needing any cream?
he is a moon, and today when he'll shine the entire world will see
God willing... please go & check him
don't forget anything, are you checking everything?
keep all the baskets
very good...
why are you taking so long, come quickly Altamash?
all praise to God! evil eye off
my son is looking like a full moon
where is Azka & Arfa?
I had a word with brother Mehr Ali
he seemed to be so angry, I got so afraid
don't know what does he intend to do
that's why I have sent them both over there, so that they can inform us about the situation there
what do you mean?
uncle had give the date of departure ritual himself, so what is the meaning of getting angry now?
Altamash, I think he intends to insult you in public
I pray to God that this respect, honor, pride & ego shall suit you
because if brother will insult you in front of everyone
then our respect of so many years will be ruined
aunty, if anything will be ruined then it will be only uncle's pride!
the people who had dreamt of lowering down Altamash's head have become unsuccessful badly
you'll see
I will bring everything after opening uncle's fist
Rutba as well as uncle's entire wealth
tomorrow's sun will tell you that the owner of the entire wealth is just Altamash
Rutba is already yours Altamash
but lift up your hand from all the other things
because brother's anger is telling me that what he is about to do
anyways, we'll soon get a call from Azka or Arfa. Then we'll get to know the situation there
what discussion aunt & nephew is having? The guests are here, we are getting late already. Lets go
let the call come from there, mom
let us get to know uncle's intentions
if uncle tried to insult us in front of everyone then I will tell him that...
what is the actual insult!
yes lawyer, this is what I am trying to explain you
we have to transfer everything but only on Rutba's name
I am busy right now, so lets meet tomorrow. I will call you to my house tomorrow
thank you!
uncle, all the guests have come outside. Also all the arrangements are done
I think, you should give it a look
Khursheed listen
yes
I will be left completely alone in this house after Rutba's departure
do one thing, start living with me in this house along with Rasheeda
just like my son
uncle...
I am not that capable
besides, I wish to stay in your heart than rather than these tall walls
your love in my heart is present like a love for a son, Khursheed
do you have any doubt?
No
I love you like a father, Khursheed
you have fulfilled your right of love & responsibilities
the groom's family is about to come, I think I should go & meet Rutba
after her departure, the face of life will look strange
for the last time, I will like to meet my life with love
uncle
its very important for you to know what had happened on that day at the mansion
Khursheed
wait till Rutba's departure ritual
but uncle...
She is taking away the meaning of life with her
then what's the point in worrying about the properties & wealth?
already everything is hers
yes
only mine & Altamash's association is important 
see...
all of this is so pretty & beautiful
 but still incomplete
all of this will be completed when I & Altamash will be together 
stay happy
and prosperous, my dear
I'm sorry dad for my every mistake & stupidity
please forgive me
dear...
I've forgiven all the love, trust, belief
and murders
I'm a criminal
but not a murderer
the punishment you have fixed for me, I am accepting it happily
dad, I am leaving this place forever
I don't need anything from you in return
only your prayers
dear Rutba, just pray
that your father's hands
and lips shall have the ability to move
nothing else is left though
dad
bye!
what are you saying, uncle?
how come Rutba do this?
right now Rutba is like a puppet, whose all ties are in Altamash's hands
this so-called, unsuccessful & show off love is like a poison
if it spreads in one's nerves, then our own blood becomes rebellious
it deceives..
don't worry uncle
Rutba won't be able to take a single thing from your room without your permission
listen to me carefully
whatever Rutba wants to take away from my room, let her take it
you will only see, you will not stop her
you will not interfere
uncle, there are original property documents lying in your room
and aunt's jewelry too
what is this property?
whenever I think about it, only Rutba comes in my mind
and your aunt's jewelry is also of Rutba's
She is just rebellious & disobedient but...
I have a beating heart in my chest
maybe you won't be able to understand this right now
but when you will become a father then you will understand
but uncle...
if Rutba's happiness lies in taking away all these things with her
then I will not stop her
Okay, as you say so
Altamash, lets go dear. We are getting late
here our guests are also worried, and there my brother must be waiting as well
I think we shouldn't be too late
now whatever the situation will be, we will face it over there
whether Mehr Ali Khan gets angry or show tolerance, why do we care?
We have achieved our motive
now Rutba is ours, as well as the documents
don't talk about the documents, brother Bazil
we cannot say anything before hand
if Rutba did not honored Altamash's words, then what will he be left with?
then its better for the girl to stay at her father's house for now
what are you saying, Ronaq? may your words have no effect!
if we'll leave the girl over there after a lot of wedding preparations & expenses, then what did we get?
only insult, what else?
what's the big deal for brother Mehr Ali? He insults anyone in public, and he will humiliate us without thinking for a second
let it be aunty
an old lion is worth keeping in the zoo only
shall we go, mom?
lets tell uncle how to respect a son-in-law in public
uncle see, whatever I had thought I have got it
Altamash, its a joyous occasion
you may do the calculations of profit & loss some other time
come
Rutba, where are the documents & jewelry?
give them to me, so that I can handover them safely to aunt Sanober & Altamash before your departure ritual
its very important
its not very important
only mine & Altamash's association is important
see...
all of this is so pretty & beautiful
but still incomplete
all of this will be completed when I & Altamash will be together
you are thinking about Romance! and outside everyone is taking this matter on their ego
but why?
money, wealth, properties, lands... where all of this is running?
all of this is mine & Altamash's
today my father is angry but...
he will agree soon, I am sure
your belief shall go to hell!
whatever I am asking you right now, give it to me before anyone comes
Rutba
have you brought everything?
No
I haven't brought anything
I didn't find it right
all of that is my father's possession
I had a control over myself
therefore, I had married Altamash
but all of that is of my father's
I cannot deceive my father in this way
I have no control over it
very good Rutba, I am so proud of you!
you did very well!
you have thought about your father before Altamash
every good daughter shall do this
so happy for you
there is such a bad news for you, Altamash
you have been wronged!
after all Rutba has deceived you
what as such Rutba did?
she has told everything to uncle
what?
She came back empty hands from the mansion
she says that she isn't so stupid to transfer all her things on your name & becomes dependent on you!
she was saying that until the property will stay on my name, until then Altamash will be my slave
and if it got transferred on Altamash's name, then I have to do his slavery
she is coming back empty hands
what are you saying! Why will Rutba say this?
Altamash, my son.. you have been wronged big time
brother Mehr Ali has played his trump card
Rutba isn't bringing anything, neither the property documents nor the jewelry
today you won't be taking Rutba Mehr Ali with you
but an ordinary girl
how come Rutba do this?
she did it, because she is like this
I don't know why you don't understand that Rutba is a selfish & self-centered girl
that property is her weapon
and she'll use it to make you her slave for life time
if she will transfer it on your name then
she has to stay like your maid, right?
I don't understand, how can you marry a fraudster girl & spend your entire life with her?
if I would have been in her place
then I would have kept all of my belongings in your feet
here comes Rutba
this is the most beautiful moment of my life
where are the documentats & jewelry, Rutba?
Altamash, this is not the right time for this discussion
wait for some time, I will tell you
All praise to God, you both are looking so adorable. Stay blessed
Rutba, you haven't answered me
have you brought the documents & jewelry with you or not?
Altamash please
after whatever my father did
at least you don't insult my love like this
at least you keep my love's honor intact
answer me about what I have asked you
have you listened to me or not? Have you brought those things with you or not?
No
I haven't brought anything
all of those things are of my father, and its better if they stay with him
so it means Azka was absolutely correct!
Rutba, you have shattered my love for you
Altamash...
Altamash
what is the matter, Altamash?
is there any problem? Talk to me
what happen, Altamash?
this is the moment of brother Mehr Ali's respect
look, don't do any such thing which shall tarnish brother's ego or respect
he is elder than you, & you are younger than him!
so uncle, have you become successful in your motive?
you have turned her against me
but you & Khursheed together cannot make me bend
Altamash, I have always done everything for my daughter's benefit & betterment
Fine! then I will also do whatever I feel is right
for your ego & satisfaction, you did whatever you like so I will also do whatever I like
I will give you such a wound that you won't be able to forget for life time!
Stop your rubbish, you absurd guy!
you are not worthy enough, that I shall wed off my only daughter to you
but still, I had handover her to you
brother, my son came here to marry your daughter & your are insulting him!
Ronaq is absolutely correct!
that brother like to insult everyone in public
what is this joke? End this spectacle
Okay uncle, lets end it then
listen to me very carefully
I am divorcing Rutba
you cannot do this, Altamash
Rutba, I divorce you!
I divorce you!
I divorce you!
Rutba...
open your eyes
Rutba
bring some water
Rutba
Rutba
thank you!
thank you so much!
calm down