Perhaps they both like each other and have come very close.
Are you sure of what you are saying?
No doubt Khurshid doesn't have courage to tell the truth but I know.
Tazmeen likes him and he is very happy to by spending time with her.
Do you know about Khurshid's importance in your life? Khurshid is the guarantee of your happiness throughout your life.
He is that person, who likes you since childhood.
He loves you.
And this love can't be done by a greedy and selfish person like Altamash.
This love was the plant that grew out of the seed of your mother's innocent desire which she tried to hide from me.
I have never been dishonest, never cheated.
You didn't do a good thing by blaming Khurshid Aslam today.
Today, I have seen the reflection of your aunts in you, who had bad intentions, unfaithfulness and falsehood.
The father who wanted knowledge and culture for you is very embarrassed in front of them today.
Apologize to Khurshid if possible.
When did you come uncle? You didn't tell me otherwise I would come to pick you.
I haven't slapped you but I have slapped myself.
I didn't expect this from you Khurshid.
Greetings
Sir Khurshid has sent the meal.
And where is he himself?
He was in college and asked me to take this meal from canteen and delivery it to you.
Thank you.
Sister
May I come in?
Come.
Thanks.
Greetings uncle.
Ever since I woke up, I've been collecting pieces of my shattered inner self.
Are you alright, uncle?
What do I say, Khurshid?
A termite hollows a tree from inside and sorrow hollows a person from inside.
Everything looks fine from the outside, but when the tree falls, it is known that the shade has ended.
Uncle slap me a hundred times but for God's sake don't talk like this.
I just wanted to apologize to you.
I didn't have courage to see the pain on your face.
But Khurshid, forgive me.
I didn't do good to you.
Don't say that uncle, I swear, I can never have any grievances in my heart against you.
Your slap has been quenched by the moisture of my tears long ago.
I will smile, if I'll be able to see your smiling face.
Do take care of that stupid girl, Khurshid.
If I will see her smiling then I will love my life and maybe I would wish to live long again.
Because there is only darkness around me.
I need the light of happiness of both of you.
Yes uncle.
I have completed two years here today.
Brother wanted that I don't do job and get married but I didn't agree.
I love this profession.
And
I also felt that there is nobody left in this world to whom we can love.
Why?
Why do you feel like that?
Because the passion of love is extremely true and selfless.
Deceiving, cheating and lies are not tolerated by me.
They stick with love like a decease.
And then
Love not remain but it becomes a regret.
And then I met Mr. Khurshid, then I understood that how to live a life in this selfish world.
My first meeting with him is like as if we see stars after night's darkness then heart becomes hopeful for something good.
I am not the only one who says this, the residents of this building, lecturers, students and principal everyone likes him.
And do you know?
Those who are liked by God are also liked by everyone in the world.
You like Khurshid.
You want to tell me about that.
Don't you?
If I say "Yes" then it will not be wrong.
Because I feel that you don't find such people again and again to whom you give respect so much and you lower your gaze in front of them due to respect.
And I can never give respect to such a person who is a cheater, selfish and ambiguous.
Such a person is not worthy of love, but also not worthy of trust.
What do you want to say? Say it clearly.
I want to say that I like Khurshid and perhaps I would fall in love with him if I wouldn't meet you.
I came to know about your relation with Mr. Khurshid when you came here.
It's not only a legal relation but also.
But?
What do you mean by that?
A heart relationship, an emotional relationship
Do you know that, how much Khurshid Hasan loves you?
I have seen the love shine in his eyes when he comes in front of you.
And this the sign of true love only.
This is certain.
I respect Khurshid Hasan immensely.
But I can't dare to love him.
He is only yours.
Only yours.
And you should also realize that
How lucky and rich you are.
Protect your wealth.
Can everyone be so lucky that he is rich because of wealth of love?
You shouldn't have said all this.
I was forced to say that Mr. Khurshid.
I am sorry that this secret has been revealed but I am happy that whatever I said was truth.
Secret is a weakness but truth is strength.
OK, come tomorrow.
And bring account with you as well.
I want to have some calculations. So it will be good.
I want that...
I wanted to have an important discussion so I will discuss tomorrow.
Bye
Give some time to me as well.
Or maybe I just have to wait.
We mean a lot to each other, my dear.
You should know that
I get bored all day.
Earlier, there was a issue with your leg, thankfully it's got better then
You keep yourself busy in so many things.
What do I do all day?
Altamash.
Let's have dinner outside?
I am waiting for someone.
We will go for dinner after a while.
You have again called someone.
At least you would have spent one evening with me.
Everything belongs to you my love.
As I told you, let me finish that important task, then we will go.
Sir
Mr. Nehal has sent this file, his driver gave this.
OK, go.
We will go for dinner after a while. OK.
What is this Altamash?
This is not beneficial for you.
I have made tea for you.
Maybe you don't like it.
But even then
Thanks
By the way
You don't have to bear the burden of my liking and disliking on your shoulders.
I know that.
You don't have to bear the burden of me or our relation on your shoulders too.
You are not bound to me or this relationship.
As long as we are connected in this relationship
We are morally, legally and religiously bound to each other.
Neither you are free from it nor me.
I know that you are not bound to me or to our relationship.
Rather you are bound to dad's happiness and his wishes.
If it wasn't so, you would never deny that you started to like miss Tazmeen.
Do you know, what's your biggest problem?
What's your biggest weakness?
That you don't understand both the relation and emotions.
You don't differentiate between good and bad.
Do you know, what's your biggest weakness?
What?
That there is no weakness in you.
I admit that I am not intelligent like you and I don't have the ability to differentiate between good and bad.
I don't understand the world and I don't have degrees like you.
But I have one good quality.
Really?
What's that?
That I look like, what I am.
I can't cheat, neither to myself nor to anyone else.
If I love someone then I can't hide that.
And if I don't do that then I can't pretend that.
Have a look at my face.
My eyes, my nose and my lips all are same.
You are sitting closer to me as much as I am sitting closer to you. 
I didn't deprive you from any right of yours.
Where is Altamash?
I advised you that don't leave him alone for a single moment.
Mom, uncle has sent an important file through driver.
Altamash hid that from me.
He didn't tell me that what's in that file?
OK
Try to find out what's in that file at any cost.
Greetings
Greetings, when did you come Ronaq?
I have just arrived ten fifteen minutes ago.
That's great.
Hey Azka, you dressed up for going outside with Altamash. didn't you?
So go for outing and enjoy yourself.
Yes
What will you get here with these old people?
The same old stories.
The issues and quarrels related to land.
And grievances of Mehar Ali.
Am I right Ronaq?
Yes, you are right brother but
If there is any grievance in the heart then it comes out someday.
He was our elder brother but we didn't get anything except his forcefulness and bossy nature.
We (both sisters) kept longing for his love throughout our lives.
And who got that love?
Rutba and sister Sajda robbed that with both hands, am I right?
Absolutely right. yes it is.
Let's go Azka, we are getting late.
Altamash, you ignored everyone, your aunt is here. Come and sit with her.
Mom
Those who are busy are the ones who are successful.
And don't mind but you are here to give her company.
Am I right aunt?
Azka
I will have to go for land visit in the morning, come quickly I am waiting in the car.
OK mom I am going.
OK my darling.
Bye
Bring tea.
Yes, I will bring tea for you.
Do you know the importance of Khurshid for you?
He is guarantee of your whole life's happiness.
He is that person Rutba
He likes you since childhood. He loves you.
And a greedy and selfish person like Altamash can't do that.
This love was the plant that grew out of the seed of your mother's innocent desire which she tried to hide from me.
He never saw you thoroughly.
Never be dishonest and never cheated.
I can't give respect to such a person who is a cheater and selfish and consider love as business.
Such person doesn't deserve love nor the trust.
What happened?
I am asking the same thing that what happened?
But I didn't say anything.
I didn't say anything too but I am not smiling by standing here for so long like you.
Well
And if you will stand here and smile like this then I will get worried.
Why? Why will you get worried?
I mean that
Aren't you get possessed by some devil and witch that you are smiling at me?
This is your misunderstanding.
Because by seeing you no gene or witch will smile.
What happened? You aren't eating anything.
Do we order something else or is it sufficient?
No. No.
It's sufficient.
Earlier you used to insist to come to this restaurant.
And we are now but you aren't eating anything. Don't you like the food?
Altamash have you remembered that time when you, me and Rutba used to go for outing together?
I remember.
I remember everything.
And both of you involved with each other more than eating.
Food was just an excuse.
You kept seeing Rutba only. Do you remember?
Are you here to discuss old things?
Do you know Altamash, I wanted that you don't see her at all.
And that smile was so beautiful, wasn't that?
Which doesn't come on your face now.
If Rutba is not in your life then so what, I am here with you.
With you and very near you.
And now on these eyes and smile, there is my right.
Why are you laughing?
Azka
You women have nothing except emotionalism.
What do you mean?
Have a look at my face.
I have same eyes, nose and lips.
You are sitting close to me as much as I am sitting close to you.
And I didn't deprive you from any of right of yours.
Neither Rutba is here nor that passed time.
You have only memories Azka.
Be practical.
I have lost Rutba.
But she has captured your senses.
You can't see the food on this table but you can see Rutba sitting among us.
I can see so many things which you can't see.
Listen to me Azka.
I know how to set my goals and how to achieve those as well.
I am in my senses even after losing Rutba.
I am living my life.
Whereas, you are out of your senses despite you have got me.
You don't know how to celebrate an achievement.
A loser is always a loser.
Waiter.
I like Khurshid and I would fall in love with him if I wouldn't meet you.
It is certain Rutba that I respect Khurshid Hasan immensely.
But I can't dare to love him.
Congratulations to you.
I didn't understand.
Well, it's your birthday today. Happy birthday.
Thank you. Actually, I didn't give this day any importance so that I remember the date.
This is the problem.
You don't give that importance to yourself which you deserve.
The person who gives importance to himself
He gets his right with complete confidence.
Thanks Tazmeen.
By the way, let me tell you that you name should have been "Roshni".
Because your thoughts are bright even on the darkest of things.
And those are very fortunate who accompany you that they got a guide like you.
I understand that you are complaining about my advises.
No, there is no such thing.
I am a lecturer so I will the lecture.
If you want then I will sit in your next class.
No, there is no need for that.
Spend most of your time with Rutba, I don't want any complaints in this regard.
Rutba has such a huge PR.
I didn't know about that.
Just observe.
Greetings mam.
Greetings.
Mam, we are here to meet sir Khurshid, today is his birthday so we want to wish him.
Well
OK
Excuse me mam, we want to give him a surprise, please don't tell him.
OK, come in.
Khurshid
Khurshid
What happened? Is everything alright?
Everything is alright.
Your students are here to celebrate your birthday.
They have brought gifts.
Oh no.
Rutba, please press my cloth.
Let me get fresh.
OK
Sir has come.
Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you.
Happy birthday dear sir.
Happy birthday Mr. Khurshid.
Thank you.
Sir we have brought some gifts for you.
Won't you wish Mr. Khurshid?
There is no shortage of people to wish Mr. Khurshid.
No one can take your place Rutba.
Look carefully.
How happy Mr. Khurshid is.
Just wish him happy birthday and see.
You will see and feel that as well that how will he be more happy.
Happy birthday
Thank you.