take your medicines, mom
The mothers who are relieved from their children's side
The medicines effect only those
if you don't have the relieve from your children side
then these medicines aren't effective at all
mom, a mother's prayer is the guarantee of her children peace
keep praying, & see if God wills everything will be better
I pray to God, may God give some sense to Sanaya
we cannot end the relations being so emotional
how shall I explain her?
I am a mother, & being a mother I never want her family to get ruined
mom, Sanaya is not ruining her family but brother Arham is
and mom, when he doesn't want Sanaya to live in his house then how can Sanaya live there?
mom, not only Sanaya but no woman will tolerate it. Not even me
I am having severe headache
ok mom, don't take tension. Just keep praying, everything will be fine
you should be relieved that Sanaya is with you right now
whatever her decision is, we should support her mom
and if you are being tensed that I will taunt her being her sister-in-law, then its nothing like that
you are the most important person for me right now, & your health
and what about these worries mom...
everything will be fine with time, if God wills
If the mothers-in-law don't conspire after marrying off their sons
then every house will have a daughter-in-law like you my dear
true mom
You have never made me feel like you are my mother-in-law.
then why shall I treat you like a daughter-in-law
sit here
earlier, I was thinking that you are worried because of Hadi
but now I am realizing that you met Sanaya, that's why you are upset
its not like that, Fabiha
then what's the matter, Arham? You are not with me, even though you are with me
what is my fault in all this?
why are you doing injustice with me, Arham?
your love, your companionship & your time. Everything is my right
and you are taking away my right from me
its not like that, Fabiha. I am just worried about the kids
and what about the upcoming baby, don't you care about him?
Fabiha, everything I did, I did for our upcoming baby
I am nurturing our relation, I am taking care of you
I not only want your companionship, Arham. I want to see you happy with me
and I can't see that happiness on your face
whatever Sanaya did with me, still I kept tolerating her in this house for your sake
whether she lives in this house or not, but she'll always stay between us
she is not between us
she has finished everything with her own hands
she has finished but you are still confused
and if you'll keep confused in the same manner, then our relation will always stay weak
And the day this fragile relationship breaks, only then will you be free from this matter
I haven't made you alone, Arham but you are making me lonely
you are taking me wrong
you are forcing me to think this way
ok sorry
you are so emotional just like me
you take everything to your heart, please...
obviously
ok, I am sorry
I got lost in my life's issues, and couldn't give you time. So sorry
today on wards, my life's 12 hours are yours
promise?
yes
Okay, I forgave you
by the way, I was thinking to invite my mother to my house today
yes, why not?
how was your exam?
very nice & how was yours?
mine was really good but I know yours didn't go well
mine was also good & sister, please come with me
you shall come with us Hadi, we'll enjoy a lot
and mom had said, that she'll take us to the northern areas once our exams will be over
to show the snowfall
No, I will go with dad
mom!
mom... 
yes my dear
how is my son?
Hareem, you go & sit in the car. I am coming
how was your paper?
very nice
don't you miss your mom?
even you are not missing me
who said that mom doesn't miss you?
Mom misses you so much at all times
Fabiha aunty had said
ok mom wants you to come to your granny's house with her
No, uncle is there
uncle gets angry
no my dear, uncle is very nice
we don't say like that
Fabiha aunty told me that you don't want to live with us
no my dear
Dad hasn't come to pick me up yet
so come with me, we'll go to your granny's house
but dad was saying that he'll come to pick me
But Dad still hasn't come, and your mom can't leave you alone like this
Everyone will leave, so my son will be afraid. Come with me
won't you scold me?
never my dear
I will not scold my son at all
Okay, lets go
I will call dad, he will pick you from your granny's house. OK?
Okay?
lets go! Let me hold this. Which ice cream my son would like to eat?
yes?
Strawberry!
Okay
and which chocolate we shall buy for Hareem?
um... Blueberry
hello Fabiha! yes tell me
hello, sister! where are you?
I am at the mart with Hamza
Okay, wait a minute & listen to me
ok listen, I will talk to you later
please call Hadi & Hareem
Sir, madam took Hadi & Hareem with her
when?
just a while ago
Okay
did you show the home work to aunty?
Somya
she liked it?
Somya
yes mom
Did Sanaya come back after picking up Hareem?
Yes, Mom, Sanaya just went upstairs. She'll bring the kids down within ten minutes after they freshen up
Hadi also came today
really! its such a good thing
ok listen, do one thing. He loves noodles, but spicy ones. Kindly make some
Hadi
Hadi!
Arham, what happened? Where is Hadi?
Where is Hadi?
I am asking where is Haid?
Sanaya took the kids upstairs
Hadi
dad is here
shall we go home?
dad, mom said to me that I will call your dad here
Why did you bring Hadi home from school?
so what else I could have done?
I should have left my son alone on the road?
and I don't need your permission to bring Hadi
Sanaya, you have to seek my permission!
When I said Hadi would stay with me, that's it! He's coming with me
lets go dear
No
you cannot snatch the children from a mother
you are doing wrong with the kids, don't do this drama
when its decided, then I will take Hadi & soon I will take Hareem as well
I didn't ask you for anything, I am asking for Hadi Arham
Sanaya, the kids will live with me so they will!
No, you cannot take them. The kids will live with me, I cannot live without Hadi & Hareem
Hadi is my son, and nobody can take better care of him than me. He is getting spoiled
he is getting spoiled with you Sanaya, not with me!
I am her mother, how can I think bad for him?
and I am his father!
do you think that I want bad for him?
you are emotional, you always make wrong decisions emotionally
You did injustice to me, and now you're doing the same with the kids. Are you trying to assert your power over me?
Sanaya, you can think whatever you want to. He is my son & he will go with me
No Hadi will not go anywhere, Hadi & Hareem will stay with me. I cannot live without them, you have everything
a wife, an up coming baby. What will you get by taking away my peace from me?
leave Hadi's hand!
I won't leave
Sanaya, don't insist & don't compel me. I will create a drama here!
Fine! take him
If you insist on this, then it will happen that way. I will seek custody of Hadi through the court
and I will show you by taking it
really!
you don't need to go to the court then, let me end it right here by pronouncing only 3 words!
are you scaring me? Are you threatening me?
and do you think that I will be afraid of your threats?
fine Arham, lets end this game of love right away
lets bury this love by three words, divorce me right away
Sanaya, come back to senses!
please mom, be quiet!
I shall also see that how much he hates me & how low he can stoop. Divorce me!
come back to your senses!
you really want to take a divorce?
yes, I do. Divorce me!
I, in my complete senses...
Arham! Arham.. 
mom!
hello mom!
how are you?
Since you have forgiven me, I feel so relieved now
I am so happy that I can't tell you
Fabiha, at least you are in peace
but maybe your mother will get peace in her grave
mom, what are you saying?
ok leave these things, I have call to discuss an important matter with you
yes tell me, what is it?
I was actually thinking if you could do dinner at our house tonight?
at your house or at your husband's first wife's house?
mom...
she is not here, and she is not my husband's first wife
This is my house! When you come and see it, you'll keep looking at it
I have ousted Sanaya from this house; now I'm the only one left to erase her from Arham's heart
Fabiha, what's wrong with you? Since when you've started to ruin others family?
oh mom...
A life is spent with money
The truth is, I didn't marry Arham just for money
I truly like him, I love him from my heart. I cannot live without him
a man never forgets his first wife, remember that
also she is his children mother too
Mom, the day is not far when I will also bring the happiness of a baby to Arham
Fabiha, I don't feel like I'm talking to the same Fabiha who was my daughter
Okay, whatever lecture you want to give me, you can come and give it to me here. Okay?
you are coming here, & I am getting the dinner ready
I will send the location to Sister Farheen, and I will also send the driver. So don't worry
okay?
okay, we'll see. Bye!
Farheen, come sit in the car
No Hamza, I will go myself why are you bothering yourself for me?
Why are you insisting now? Your anger has also subsided
come, please sit. What is the problem now in sitting with me?
do you want me to sit with you?
Farheen, I don't understand the depth of your words
don't change the path the day you'll understand it
Ok fine, I won't change. Now please sit
by the way shall I ask something?
I know what you want to ask.
You want to ask about Fabiha, right?
How can you understand what's in my heart? Fabiha never used to understand anything; I had to explain everything to her
When we establish a heartfelt connection with someone, words are not necessary to understand each other
means?
Nothing! As far as Fabiha is concerned, I couldn't talk to her yesterday
I was busy making the report, so she talked to mom, but yes...
I only know that she is a bit unwell
shall we go now?
yes, lets go
your dialed number is not answering
your dialed number is not answering
mom
its time to take her 
No no.. please no brother
mom...
brother
Tell Mom that I will do whatever she asks me to do
I will go back to my house, I will listen to her. I won't hurt her, ask her to wake up
Sanaya
wake up, mom...
please don't cry
tell mom to wake up, I will listen to whatever she'll say to me
she cannot leave me like this
how will I live without my mother?
Sanaya, please control yourself
move away!
You have made this woman's daughter helpless
Today, you want to do a favor for me and my mother by shouldering the same woman's dead body?
Even if there is a lack of shoulders in this world, I will do it myself
I won't take your favor!
Sanaya please
brother, please... you cannot take mom
you cannot take my mother, no brother
wow mom! This house is so big
your daughter has become a millionaire
now don't talk too much in front of Arham, Ok?
keep your mouth shut
Mom, I've always seen such big houses from the outside,
 but it has always been my heart's desire to see them from the inside
come, lets go inside...
dear... 
We cannot light our makeshift shelter on fire just because we see someone's palace
mom
I can't believe that how big this house is
and look at our house
ok enough
Fabiha must be inside, shall I check?
hey, where are you going?
Farheen
at least listen to me
Fabiha
Fabiha
Fabiha...
how are you?
absolutely fine, how about you?
I am absolutely fine
Fabiha, your house is so big that you can do a lot of functions here
where is mom?
she is outside
greetings mom!
greetings! Stay blessed & happy
give it to me
Jabbar
take it inside
I am feeling so happy to see you in my house, mom
the house is really good
Not only is this house good, but Arham is also very good. He takes very good care of me
by the way, where is Arham?
He has gone out for some office work; he will be back in a while
Fabiha, your house is so big. Don't you feel scared being alone?
Why be scared? It's my own house, and Arham is here with me now... 
and now a baby is about to come as well, so we are decorating his room upstairs
All praise to God, a person should have a fate like yours
love, care, big house, cars... you have got everything
and here I am, neither I got love nor fate
sister, why do you think this way?
Whoever does wrong has to face its consequences
and whatever brother Haris did, for sure he will have to face its consequences
and you will also get the star of your fate
Greetings!
stay blessed
please come, lets go inside
No, I am going upstairs
Fabiha, what happened? Arham seems angry. I hope he didn't mind our visit
No no, actually he is tired nothing else. Please come inside
Sanaya
I am bringing food for you
come, eat something first
I am not hungry sister, take it away
lets go Sanaya
The men are back from the burial ritual
Junaid was also saying that the funral food is first fed to the daughter & daughter-in-law of the house
please eat, so that we can serve it to the rest of the guests as well
everything got snatched away, sister
husband, kids... mother
I will never forgive Arham & Fabiha
leave everything on God
He is the better planner, ok?
people say it right
The grief of a daughter takes the life of her parents
don't say such things, Sanaya
mom wasn't feeling well since morning
She was just worried about your decision, nothing else
I took my mom's life
I tolerated everything, sister
Arham's second marriage, my distance from my children... everything
I kept tolerating everything quietly upon my mom's orders
I wanted to become a good child
Tell me, what could I have done? When Arham ousted me from my house, where should I have gone, sister?
daughters doesn't have any other place than her parents house
everyone...
everyone will call be a bad person now
brother will find me a sinner, what will he think about me?
nobody will consider you as a sinner
don't you know your brother?
don't think this way Sanaya, what's wrong?
A maika (parents house) exists because of the parents, sister
if they are not there then..
I know maika (parents house) exists because of the parents
But aren't your brother and sister-in-law still alive?
When your mom had never treated me as a daughter-in-law then...
why shall I consider you as a sister-in-law?
you are my sister
come, show some courage
will mom like that you'll stay hungry?
mom won't be happy like this, Sanaya
come on, lets go
come on, good girl. Show some courage & come with me
Will Mom like it if you haven't had your lunch?
come, lets go
shall I bring the food here?
Are you threatening me?
and do you think that I will be afraid of your threats?
fine Arham!
 lets end this game of love right away
lets bury this love by three words
divorce me right away
Sanaya, come back to senses!
please mom, be quiet!
I shall also see that how much he hates me & how low he can stoop. Divorce me!
,come back to your senses!
you really want to take a divorce?
yes, I do. Divorce me!
I, in my complete senses...
Arham! Arham..
mom!
You have made this woman's daughter helpless
Today, you want to do a favor for me and my mother by shouldering the same woman's dead body?
Even if there is a lack of shoulders in this world, I will do it myself
I won't take your favor!
mom gave her life
she wanted to save me from getting the divorce
My love has left me out of nowhere, brother
our mother died, Sanaya
our griefs took away her life
parents await their children's happiness in their old age
But my fate took a toll on her in her old age
she couldn't tolerate it
that's why I never wanted to bother her
how will we spend our life without her?
she never did anything bad for anyone
nor she wanted anything bad for anyone
then why my mom was treated so badly, brother?