My life, dignity and my mother's trust and everything has been ruined because of you.
Hamza, who desperately wanted to marry me, he has left me because of you.
Where should I go? Who will give me shelter and respect now?
As I said, swear on her head.
Yes, I have an affair with him and I love him.
I don't want to live with you and what can I achieve if I will live with you?
What will I get except poverty, hunger and problems
I can't get anything if I will live with you.
Shameless girl.
Did I allow you to do job that you can do this shamelessness?
Fabeeha, get up. What are you doing aunt? All neighbors are watching this.
Just shut up.
You can say anything to me, it's not her fault.
Let me tell you what happened? All of this has happened because of you.
Hamza
Just go from here. I beg you and I am sorry for my daughter's mistakes. Please leave.
And I warn you if you again entered this house. You are dead for me and I am dead for you. Get lost.
That was my mistake.
Shut up. Get lost.
Get lost from here. You are dead for me.
Mom, please don't do this. Where will I go? Please open the door.
Mom, sister please open the door. Where will I go at this time of night?
Get lost from here. You are dead for me.
Mom open the door please.
Mom, please don't do this.
Mom. Sister.
No, I can't.
I won't allow her to come in.
But where will she go?
She should go to hell.
Mom, sister please open the door. Where will I go at this time.
Why are you standing here? Is this a drama? It's their domestic issue. Please go to your homes.
You also go.
Get away from me.
Where are you going Fabeeha?
I am going to kill myself.
You won't do any such thing.
I warn you if you tried to impose any right on me.
I am standing here only because of your one mistake. My mother refused to accept me only because of you.
I will spend my whole life alone only because of you.
I have no support. Where will I go?
How will you repay for your sin?
What will you do now? Tell me.
You ruined my life altogether.
Just go away. I don't want to see your face. You have ruined everything.
What are you doing? Leave me.
Get in the car.
I have ruined everything. Right?
Now, I will fix everything.
Where are you taking me?
Everyone is watching.
I say, swear on your mom's head.
Yes, I have an affair with him and I love him.
I don't want to live with you. What will I get by living with you except poverty, hunger and problems.
I have set myself free from this relation much earlier so it would be better if Hamza will also do that.
Fabeeha
Fabeeha
What happened? Control yourself. What happened?
Stop. Listen to me. What happened?
She has gone.
She has gone. Everything is finished Haniya.
OK, sit.
Everything is finished.
What happened to you brother?
Nothing is left.
Nothing is left. Everything is finished Haniya.
She didn't show a little bit of pity on me.
Instead of feeling proud on my love she was showing her embarrassment on my poverty.
She has gone by leaving me. Nothing is left. Your brother's life is ruined.
God forbid, what are you saying.
The gentle man like you can never be ruined.
You are lucky that you revealed the truth on time.
So you don't have to feel regretted. They will regret and I am sure about it.
I will bring water for you.
Are you calling Arham?
Yes.
Call and ask him why hasn't he come yet and where is he?
He isn't receiving my call.
Oh I see.
Anyways, tell me how are you feeling now after injecting insulin?
I am feeling as if my soul has left my body.
Yes, this will happen because insulin is injected after four days. No one takes care of you in this house.
Anyways, if relationships are dead in a house then there will be no humanity.
She isn't ready to come back from her mother's house.
She is neither concerned about her house nor about her husband. I didn't thought that Sanaya proved to be so coward that she would run away from the battlefield.
Wives do everything for husband but my sister-in-law, she will never correct herself.
I am getting scared now.
What if Fabeeha came here in place of Sanaya then whether it's unintentional but it's been done by us.
No mom, we didn't do anything.
No both of us, this is happening because of you. You were so possessive about sister-in-law's job.
You should have control your anger at least then all of this wouldn't have happened.
Your thoughts were dominant than my thoughts. You used to provoke me all the time.
Not me but you were jealous because of her job.
Me?
Mom, why would I feel jealous because of her job? What's wrong with you?
Whatever has happened, it happened because of sister-in-law's negligence. She gave importance to her job over my brother.
Mom, be careful while talking. What if brother Arham listened that. Then we would also lose brother Arham along with this house.
I just want Sanaya to come back so that Arham may stay away from Fabeeha.
In that way, my scare will be removed.
Sister-in-law must be getting sympathies of her family.
It is necessary to tell her family that whatever is happening with their daughter is not because of us but because of negligence of their own daughter.
And who will tell them?
I will tell them.
Anyways, it's very late. Should I serve dinner?
Let Arham come, I can't eat without him.
If brother Arham won't come in a while then I will serve dinner. Right?
Call him again.
Mom what happened to you? This is not right to kick her out of the house like that.
Now you will tell me that what is right and what is wrong?
Her mind will be fixed if she will stay out of the house for some time.
Listen to me. Look at me.
Your blood pressure is high at the moment that's why you are making wrong decision out of anger. I admit that Fabeeha has made a very big mistake but mom
What you are doing is even more bigger mistake than that.
Whatever I am doing is absolutely right. Such girls deserve this type of punishment who humiliate their parents like this.
This is not right. What if something wrong happens?
What wrong will happen more than this?
We poor people don't have anything except our dignity.
And if we lose that then we should die out of shame. All neighbors have seen her.
What will we do when everyone will share our story.
And the whole family will make fun of your mother.
Mom, this is not the right time to worry about family.
We should worry about Fabeeha right now.
Don't deprive her from her shelter, this is not right mom.
She should get punished for what she has done.
And to do that we should become stone hearted.
Mom, let her come in. It's night time. If you can't ask her to come then I will ask her to come.
I warn you.
I warn you if you tried to open the door then I will treat you in a very bad way. Go to your room Farheen.
Go to your room.
I am telling you to go to your room.
Mom Fabeeha.
Let Fabeeha go to hell. Go to your room.
O Fabeeha, what have you done?
Why did you do this Arham?
Why did you do this to me?
You broke my trust despite all my sacrifices. You ruined everything.
Why are you crying like this Sanaya?
Heart is like a glass and if there is a crack in that glass then you can't remove that.
This crying is written in my fate.
I can't see you in this broken state.
I cry internally. I can't even see you cry.
Control yourself my dear.
How can I do that mom?
Arham has broken the pride of my love in front of you, brother and sister-in-law.
Now my love can't raise it's head in front of anyone ever.
I won't be able to walk side by side with Arham and I won't be able to give any sacrifice for him.
Being your mother, I will never let you destroy your house.
I will advise you all the time.
And your children' future is dependent on this decision of yours.
You should act according to situation. Nature is giving you time to make your decision.
And your mother will never want anything bad for you.
And one more thing
Now I will never force you to leave this house and go back to your house.
I will support you in whatever decision you will make. My dear daughter.
Be brave my child.
I love you my child.
My dear daughter. And you know that.
Put your signature here.
Here are their ID card copies and here is your double fee fifty thousand rupees. Thank you so much.
You have now become husband and wife and I will register your Nikah in the morning.
So you will become husband and wife legally as well. So congratulations.
Fabeeha, where have you gone?
Where did Fabeeha go?
Where is my daughter?
Farheen. Farheen
Farheen
Farheen come quickly.
What happened mom?
Fabeeha is not there.
What?
How is it possible? She must be sitting outside.
I have checked, she is not there.
I told you. OK don't worry, your health will be deteriorated.
She must be at aunt Bano's house. Let me check.
I will also go with you.
I am coming.
What's up?
Didn't my daughter Fabeeha come to your house?
No, why would she come here. She is a bad and lose character girl. I will refuse her to enter my house if she will come.
We will have to do something Hadiya.
I am telling you one thing. Don't make mistake by considering this gilr like sister Sanaya.
I know everything about such kind of girls. Sister Sanaya doesn't know anything about this matter. She left the house when she knew about their affair.
I am afraid that she will file a divorce case if she will know about their marriage.
What happened?
I am very scared.
I am with you. Now you trust me. Right?
Listen Fabeeha
We will have to face the whole world with this trust.
And I am with you. Right?
Shall we?
I thought that if Arham will stay away from Sanaya then he will come closer to me but no, it's been so late at night and he is not here.
What is this brother?
What is this girl doing with you?
Say something Arham.
Mom, Fabeeha's mother kicked her out of the house.
And we didn't have any other option.
So we got married.
She is my wife now.
What? What are you talking about?
Are you in your senses?
How can this ordinary caretaker become daughter-in-law of this house and your wife?
How can you even think that we will accept her?
Hadiya.
What?
You came here to serve my mother.
I know your type of girls very well. You trap men by pretending yourself as oppressed.
Don't say another word.
Not a single word more. She is my wife now and she has the same respect in this house just like Sanaya.
And only that person will stay in this house who will give her respect because this house is mine.
I will decided that who will live in this house or not.
Really?
And what is your decision about me?
As you wish mom.
If you give any importance to my will
Then my decision is that this girl can't stay in this house and if you want to live with her then you can also leave this house.
Neither I will leave this house nor Fabeeha.
And this is my final decision.
Let's go Fabeeha.
Oh my God
You have a very bad bruise. Let me apply ointment.
It's OK.
Sit, I will apply ointment. Tell me where is first aid box.
In this drawer.
Show me.
Are you happy now with my decision?
I have got both sorrow and happiness at the same time.
I am unable to understand that whom should I support. The one who accepted me with dignity and respect or the one who taught me to live respectfully.
Tell me, how can a girl feel happy if her parents were not present in her wedding?
That was sufficient for my bad luck that I may get status of second wife because only first wife gets respect and value while second wife is just imposed.
No Fabeeha, you have got the same status which was given to Sanaya.
There is no difference. I promise you.
We poor people don't have anything except our dignity.
After dad's demise, if anyone taught us to live with dignity then that is my mother.
She was like a shield for us all the time. She fought with whole world for us.
She taught me to live with dignity and today I deprived her from her right to live with dignity.
Arham, what if anything happened to her?
What will I do and how will I face anyone. I am a very bad daughter Arham.
Relax. Relax.
Nothing will happen to aunt.
What if anything happened? I left her alone to face the whole world.
I am telling you that nothing will happen.
Everything will be fixed.
Relax. Relax.
I am with you.
Mom.
Hmm.
Why we are staying at granny's house by leaving dad's house?
My dolly, we are here to stay for few days.
And what about that fight which was going on between you and dad in our house? What did dad do?
That you are so angry with him?
Nothing my dear, dad didn't do anything.
If there is nothing like that.
Then why didn't we go with dad?
Because my dolly's dad allowed us to stay here for few days. Right?
Was our dad deluded?
No, my dear.
Your dad is the best dad of this world.
He loves both you and Hadi so much. He takes very good care of you and fulfills your every wish. And who has told you?
Hadi says that dad will never come to take us back.
He will come but we are here to stay for few days right.
When will he come? I am missing him so much.
Make a video call right now and ask him that when will he come to take us back?
My dear, he must be sleeping at the moment.
So you should also sleep. We will make video call later. Right?
Mom.
Hmm.
Will we live alone like this?
No my dear. Not at all.
All of us will live together. It's just a matter of few days. Right?
Promise?
Promise.
Firm promise.
Yes
Your dress is dirty so you should change your dress. Market must be closed at the moment so you can take Sanaya's dress.
It's a matter of one night. I will manage.
No, you won't manage anymore.
OK.
Where were you?
I was with Sanaya.
What was she doing?
Nothing.
She is behaving strangely.
What do you mean?
She was afraid that brother Arham will marry Fabeeha.
I don't think that brother Arham can do that.
What do you think?
Sanaya is Arham's wife and if she thinks like it and by the way, Arham is very emotional and I can expect anything from him.
It's OK Junaid but there is a difference between talking to a girl and making her his wife.
Brother Arham can't do that.
Honestly speaking, I don't trust Arham at all. And if Sanaya is afraid that he can marry her then he can do that.
But why are you saying so Junaid
I am saying what I am seeing.
This is not possible. You should talk to brother Arham.
Do you think that I should talk to Arham?
Maybe. I asked you to do that because of Sanaya.
What will happen Junaid?
I considered her as a very straight forward and innocent girl but she turned out to be more cunning and sharp than my thoughts.
She has become a torment for us.
I forbade you so many times that don't give her hopes. She lives in a small house.
They see dreams with open eyes and they can go to any extent just to fulfill their dreams.
I can't believe it that this little girl has defeated us in our own house.
I am unable to understand that what will happen now?
What else, we will see brother Arham will act like a puppet on her advises.
Earlier brother Arham acted like a puppet on sister Sanaya's advises and now he will become a puppet of this girl. Didn't you see that how did he insulted me because of that girl?
I am telling you that this girl will take advantage of this and she will try to make us more bad in the eyes of brother Arham.
She will give us a very tough time.
But we will have to do something.
We will have to do something.
I am telling you one thing mom.
Don't be mistaken by considering her like sister Sanaya.
I know such girls very well. Sister Sanaya doesn't know about their marriage. She left the house when she knew about their affair.
I am afraid that she will file a divorce case if she will know about their marriage.
Fabeeha has just seen my love till now.
Now she will see my hate.
You are looking beautiful.
Do you know that this blue color is my favorite and it suits you.
Come quickly and have dinner. I am starving. You must be hungry as well.
Sit
Aren't you missing your children?
Arham, I realize
I am not alone in this difficult time. You are also going through with the same phase.
So don't hide your worries from me just to make me happy.
I know that you can't stay happy without children and that can never happen.
Do you know Fabeeha that I never slept without my children till date.
But now it's been so many days and I couldn't see my children.
Can't you bring back children?
Sanaya won't come back.
And if she won't come back then children won't come back as well.
And she won't come here because I am here.
I know that it happened because of me that children went away from you. Don't impose this relation on yourself.
I only need respect from you.
And as far as your companionship is concerned then
I have tolerated with so many compromises in my life so I will bear one more for your sake as well.
I only want to see you happy.
And it is only possible when children will come back here.
You should appease mam Sanaya to come back here and make arrangement for me somewhere else. I have no objection..
No one can take mam Sanaya's place in this house and in your life not even me.
Fabeeha if you can tolerate that much for me then why can't Sanaya do that.
The first condition of love is to sacrifice and
Sanaya will have to compromise.
You were feeling hungry, then let's eat. Sit.