Here you go.
Anayah...
Shenaya my dear what has happened?
Arhum has ousted me from home.
Don't worry, you'll marry the place that you want to.
Wherever I want?
Yes...
Wherever you want.
Are you sure? I don't want you go back on your words.
I know how to fulfill my promises.
I've told Arhum my decision.
Shenaya will not go in that house again. He's made enough mockery of Shenaya.
How dare you oust my daughter?
I'm her brother and I know. Ever since she lost her shares in the company...
you've removed her from your life. You are a small man.
You will not enter my life again. No man will treat a woman like you have treated my sister.
I could never imagine Shenaya's brother to be so rude.
Look at how rude he was... I could never imagine someone behaving like that.
I'm sure Shenaya must have told them that she was the one who did everything for this house and that you didn't do anything for this house or your kids.
The nerve of him!
You know mother used to say this. Mother said that Shenaya used to tell her in-laws that she ran things here.
I didn't believe my mother.
I always followed and trusted what Shenaya said... but today her brother...
After what her brother said has shown me my worth.
I'm here, you can trust me blindly.
I will never break your trust.
We will we be very happy, Arhum.
Where's Hadi?
He was afraid, it was hard for me to put him to sleep.
He's a kid, I know. He has his maths paper, look after him.
Don't worry.
Don't do this Shenaya. This is wrong.
Nothing is wrong.
I don't understand why you're making Shenaya understand after what happened.
She can stay here for the rest of her life without a divorce.
I've decided, I don't want to talk about this topic again.
Arhum has only removed me from that house.
But I've removed him from my heart.
Shenaya, listen to me, try to understand.
I don't know what's the matter with you mother.
Why are you pressurizing Shenaya to stake her life on that vile man.
A life can put her life at stake, but not the life of her children.
She might end things with Arhum, but not her children. He will always remain their father.
But... when he comes here and takes them away.
Then how will she tolerate that?
Will I let my daughter stay here for the rest of her life?
Really.... what if Arhum sends Shenaya the divorce papers?
Arhum is free to make his decision...
But not a mother!
Look mother...
She had become so independent that she can take care of herself and her children.
Please don't force her.
Auntie Fabiha, why was uncle hitting father?
It's because your mother complained about your father to your uncle.
The way mother complains about you to father, exactly the same way mother complained to your uncle.
Auntie Fabiha, mother doesn't scold anyone.
She lies... you get scolded don't you?
You get scolded because your mother complains about you to your father.
Have you ever been scolded because of me, no right?
Auntie Fabiha, why is mother doing this?
She's doing this because she doesn't want to live with your father anymore.
Will mother not ever come here again?
Never...
Will sister Hareem be away from me?
Do you want to go to sister Hareem?
Please call sister Hareem here.
I'm trying to rid myself of her and he's talking about bringing his sister here. If Arhum finds out about this...
You need not mention this to father, because he's angry right now.
He's angry right now, he's scold you if you talk to him about this. He'll drop you off at mother's house, do you want that?
No uncle's there...
Then don't talk to your father about this. Now finish your homework.
Give me the presentation file from yesterday.
Thank you.
Good morning*
Am I late? Is the boss here?
You're not late at all... the boss isn't here. Don't worry.
Thank God! Send me Deluxe Group of Companies file to my office with a coffee.
Alright.
Good morning sir...
Good morning and congratulations! The Dubai client is happy with your performance.
They want to do five year contract with our company.
That's great news.
All of this is because of your hard work.
That's why our office has organized a party with you as our chief guest. You must come here with your husband.
Well done.
Congratulations!
Let's make our egg...
And... my son will then eat it... alright?
Father, mother doesn't break an egg like this.
Oh really, then how does she do it?
Give me here, let me make it.
Hold it like this... then your break it like this.
Then you put it here and then you start beating it.
Wow... my dear child is very intelligent.
But father isn't intelligent yet.
Father, you've not grown up yet!
How will you cook when mother isn't here?
That's why I'm training father, so that he knows how hard it is to live without me.
Father doesn't know.
Where are you going?
You won't leave.
What if I do?
That will never happen.
Give it to me, I'll make it...
I'm making it.
I'm here, then why will you make it?
Father, when will you grow up?
How will you cook if mother leaves?
I know how to... don't teach your father.
What are you doing? What did you do?
I was making him an egg.
I would have made it... come with me.
I was focusing on something else.
Is Shenaya back from work.
No... why are you asking? Here you go.
I have a meeting with a lawyer.
I will file a case for custody of Hadi and Hareem.
Junaid... mother wasn't wrong.
Alongside being a wife, Shenaya is a mother as well.
A bride's  family is always afraid, that her happiness, her children...
might be taken away from her. That's why they fear the very word of divorce.
Do you think my sister will wait for Arhum for the rest of her life.
Millions of women are.
Shenaya will to.
Do you think Shenaya is taking the wrong decision?
Junaid, I just want her to be happy.
I don't want to lie to her, telling her that I'm supporting her decision.
Look... I'm someone's daughter and sister.
God forbid if this had happened to me, I would have gone to my mother's home.
But... please leave this decision up to Shenaya.
Only she the right to live wherever she want, however she want
You're not wrong.
What need was there for you to make Hamza make that call. Why did you mention our conversations to him?
Mother, you never said anything to Fabiha when she used to tell everything to Hamza.
Now that I've told you, you're on my case!
Have you gone insane? Why do you involve Fabiha in everything.
When Fabiha was here everything she said goes.
Now that she's left, Hamza has taken her place.
But mother, in this time I've learned how to convince people.
You've gone insane.
What was so wrong in meeting that man? We would have refused if you didn't like him.
Why are you after me when I've told you that I don't want to marry.
Why is it important to marry.
You lived your life without a man, I will too.
That's easier said that done.
It's hard to live without one.
I had two children to spend my life with.
Whom do you have?
Please don't get on my case, I don't want to marry.
It's pointless talking to you. Do you have any idea how embarrassed I was refusing them?
If you care about me that much, then do as I say/
What do you want?
Something that isn't in my control
What?
Mother, it's nothing.
You've gone insane.
Shall we go inside.
No, you go ahead.
I want to go as well.
Let her go, we'll go somewhere else.
No, I want to go as well.
Okay... let's go...
Alright I'm waiting.
Mother, when Hamza used to take money from Fabiha...
She used to agree with him, now that he's taking my side, you don't like him all of a sudden.
Hamza doesn't have the same relationship with you as he had with Fabiha. So stop mentioning that.
And yes... sooner or late you will be married.
Note that down in your head.
I might have maintained Hamza's respect this time...
but I won't listen to him next time.
For God's sake mother, get off my case.
Hello, Aliyah how are you?
How are you sister-in-law?
You were late in picking up the phone, is everything alright?
You didn't leave things great here.
Nothing is well here.
What do you mean?
Did something happen? Did Fabiha say something to you?
She had me removed from home to clear her path.
What?
Brother ousted you from home?
Yes...
What about the kids?
Hareem is with me and Hadi is with Arhum.
You shouldn't have left Hadi there.
One can trust one's father, but not a step mother.
How could you leave Hadi behind? I might enforce my right on my husband, but not one someone elses.
I don't think Hadi wants to stay there, I'll talk to brother Arhum.
You have the same right as you do.
I've forgotten all of my rights... I've forgotten everything. I don't want anything. 
I'm just worried about my kids. Please bring them back to me.
Hey, how are you?
I'm fine, how are you?
I'm perfectly fine.
Father, do you miss me?
I miss you a lot...
What about mother?
Who permitted you to be here? Get out!
You've made a mockery of your honor... why are you doing the same for us? Get out!
Fabiha...
It's good you're here.
Mother has been on my case since morning.
I was unable to convince her. The broke the stick while doing so...
The snake died without you breaking the stick.
That's exactly what I mean.
How let you in?
Who let you in? Get out of here!
You've made a mockery of your honor. Do you want to do the same to us?
Have you sworn to kill your mother?
One doesn't want to marry and the other ran away from home.
Get out of here.
Get out!
Mother, you can be as angry as you want.
Do and say whatever you want to say but please...
don't do this...
Not one more word.
Go back on your merry way and take him away.
Get out! You won't listen to me this way.
Get out of here!
I'll be waiting in the car... come on Hadi...
What's the matter with you? Arhum is your son-in-law. Fabiha might be his step mother, but he's his father, he wouldn't have liked that.
To hell with him!
What's the matter with you mother?
Enough... how long will you stay upset?
I will not forget.
This will be a stamp on my heart.
It will be a stamp.
Sit down mother...
Who asked you to be so angry? You will only increase your blood pressure.
Enough mother... sister... bring water for her.
Because of you people I'm in this state.
Enough.
Forgive your daughter.
Mothers are able to forgive their children a thousand times and you're unable to forgive me just this once...
Forgive me.
If you want I'll ask Hamza's forgiveness as well. I'll do as you say, please forgive me.
He forgave you.
He proved that he's my son...
Yes Hadia?
Hello
What's the matter? Are you that upset with your sister?
You didn't call me once... you didn't ask me how I was...
It's nothing like that.
I was busy with work.
Was it work, or home?
It was not right for you to remove sister Shenaya from home.
Hadia, hang up if you're supporting Shenaya.
Sister Shenaya was right about you, you've gotten used to taking emotional decisions.
Even mother and I didn't know you that well... sister Shenaya was able to in a few years.
Brother, if you're late even a little bit...
then there's nothing left but regret.
And now you don't have a mother or a sister to share your sadness with.
The girl you're doing this for will all come to bite you in the back.
The day you lose your money is the day you'll lose your love.
I don't want anything bad to happen to you. I don't want you to regret things.
I'll talk to you later, I can't speak right now.
Listen to me...
For you and Hadi it would be better if you leave him with his mother.
A single mother can raise her children better than a single dad.
Here are your noodles...
For Hadi and you it would be better if you leave Hadi with his mother.
A single mother can raise her children better than a single dad.
Arhum...
Why aren't you eating?
Work well on your paper and start the paper in the name of the Lord.
Here's your bag, shall we go?
I was on my way.
It's nothing... I've taken care of it. We're getting late.
You're placing it wrong, you need to place it in the back aisle. You should concentrate on working rather than talking.
How are you?
I'm well..
You're running late... hurry up.
I know... the bus came in late today.
What are you doing? You scared me!
How's your hand...
It's better than before... you tell me... what did you make of the relationship?
Why? What will you do after knowing?
I'm just asking...  if it's a yes, I'll start dancing.
There is one thing... your one call made mother change her mind. You're very lucky for me.
That doesn't sound like a thank you!
Yes Mr. Hamza... thank you very much.
That's better. You're welcome.
You might think it's funny, but you can't imagine what mother did to me after your call.
Thank God Fabiha was there, otherwise...
Why you go so blank when you hear Fabiha's name?
Now dance... if you want I can dance with you...
Was that a joke?
Yeah so?
Go and change... you're running late...
Let's go my dear... read your questions before answering them.
Okay...
Good luck* Bye*
Bye...
Take care  and don't bother the teacher.
Go ahead... bye.
Hey... how are you?
I'm well, how about you?
I'm fine...
Do you miss me
I miss you a lot.
I miss you more than most.
What about mother?
I miss your mother as well.
Then why don't you cheer her up?
She's upset with me right now, but I'll cheer her up.
And father misses you... now go inside and do well on your paper...
Be sure you do it well.
Bye*
What's the matter? Did you not go to work today?
No...
What's the matter? You look worried.
It's nothing like that.
Arhum, I've been noticing you've been in an off mood since yesterday, are you upset with me?
Do you think I should be upset with you?
Isn't it enough that I know your upset?
Your mother is upset with you...
Why did she take it on Hadi?
She got emotional...
She ousted me from home as well and her child...
Not once did she think where I would go in the night.
It's not like that... 
I just have one request, Hadi won't go there again.