come back to your senses, Sanaya!
then divorce me!
I, in my complete senses...
Arham. Arham!
mom...
mom, mom... 
yes my dear
mom, shall we play football today?
mom had some work, but its okay
but first mom will play football with you. Lets go!
lets go, hurry up
be careful, you'll hurt yourself if you fall
lets go, you guys so I am coming in a while. Come on, go now
you must be very happy, right?
You've made me look like the bad person in Arham's eyes by involving your kids.
do you realize about my pain now?
I haven't fought any battle against you, still you've lost
this is the truth of my relation
Besides, the matters we leave to God, we shouldn't worry about.
and what you had said?
One should not trust time; it belongs to no one. If it's with me today, then tomorrow it will be with you.
right?
you are saying right
time doesn't supports anyone
But remember one thing, I have never thought anything bad for your kids.
But you have made this baby an orphan before his birth, and you will be held accountable for it.
what do they say? A child, like a blessing, makes a husband and wife's relationship stronger.
now I will also use my baby
the battle of wives will be continued
Now let's get a father's battle done.
lets see, which child is more dear to him
The way stagnant water cannot be used, Arham.
the same way
a buried person or relation, can never come back
I supported you.
So that you may feel honored
But now I am realizing that I did so wrong with my children and with myself.
You ruined every relation just to get my trust.
But the biggest relation was of humanity.
But you didn't take care of that
I am regretting. I am regretting round the clock that I left my wife
 and now I am in this condition
But I can't leave my children.
 I love my children. 
And what about this baby?
Fabiha go to your mother's house until this baby is born.
 Fabiha, it's my baby.
So he will stay with me.
And what about me? 
Where will I live? 
Fabiha
it would be better if this matter may not get worse
So it would be better for you that you shouldn't be sitting here when I will come back.
Go to your mother's house.
your henna's color is so dark
by the way, what do they say if one's henna color comes so dark?
the groom loves his wife a lot
really? So Hamza also loves me?
the color of your henna is telling the same thing
Okay
What happened? She hasn't gotten ready yet.
Fabiha... you!
didn't you go to Dubai?
No mom
everything is ruined
Arham has sent me back to my house
why?
I don't know, its just because of Sanaya
Okay
Okay aunty, I am leaving. I will come with the groom's family now
baraat?
mom, how am I looking?
Fabiha
sister, are you getting married?
and you guys didn't even tell me
but you had gone to Dubai, right?
leave that matter, but.. 
Hamza's bride
what is all this, mom?
Fabiha, actually we were about to tell you
It means my eyes saw the right thing. Yet, you scolded me so much.
and mom you! What not I did for the happiness of you guys
And you had forgotten your own daughter.
Mom was scared, what if you minded it.
Was she scared that I would mind it, or was she scared that her secret would be exposed?
Look, you've moved on in your life
Now, whoever Hamza marries, it shouldn't affect you.
Sister, no matter whom Hamza would have married, it wouldn't have affected me as much as my own sister!
Fabiha
Whatever grudge you have, express it now.
if you will utter rubbish in front of Hamza, then nobody will be as bad as me
Yes, yes, now you'll paint me as the bad person, because I've added poison to the color of your life.
anyways, leave this topic & participate in your sister's wedding happily
let me tell you one thing, all of this is happening as per my consent & with everyone's happiness
even Hamza's?
yes Fabiha
Hamza has accepted me from the bottom of his heart
Now I don't understand why you're arguing so much. Did we interfere in your happiness?
please come
Greetings aunty!
Greetings, stay blessed
come in dear
You were not so happy at the time of my engagement with Hamza.
and you!
you were so upset upon my disloyalty
why are you quiet now? Answer me!
mom
take Fabiha inside, she is crossing her limits
lets go dear, come inside
Hadi... Hadi
yaay... 
now its my turn
its Hareem's turn Hadi, no cheating
yaay... its my turn now
now its your turn
I want to do it again
Okay, come
lets go, hurry up
lets play here
hurry up, come on
go to that side
dad is here... 
dad, come lets play game. Come on
play the game with us
come on
come on, give it to me
come here, play
ok
you have to pass the ball to mom, come
please dad
okay ok
here you go, dad
lets go, hurry up
and action.. 
come on
oh!
come on
you shall try now
Okay, lets go
come on, go to your mom
come here
nothing, I was looking at the kids. Its ok
I am sorry
you guys carry on
I am really sorry, I hope its not hurting a lot
its alright
you continue playing with the kids
I am coming
what happened!
sorry
dad got hurt, he won't play now
mom didn't hurt him intentionally, Ok?
Come on, lets play
there is no need to take Fabiha's words to your heart
you know, she is like that since always
she cannot tolerate anyone in front of her
Today is your wedding, brother. No matter who was in your life, who came, who left, it shouldn't affect it at all.
in fact, one thing should effect that who is entering your life
none of your actions shall tell sister Farheen that she is not that dear to you
Fabiha shouldn't be here
brother, she will be everywhere as she is Farheen's sister
in fact, your mind shouldn't go there where Fabiha is
this is the truth, the way you had accepted your mother's death
the same way, also believe that Fabiha is buried now
I am fine, Hania
anyone's presence or absence doesn't affect me anymore
Great!
Have you ever seen a person mourning about someone else on their own joyous occasion?
what does it mean?
I mean, my brother your face is telling everyone that I have brought the groom forcefully
there is no need to be so clever
go, check if the bride is ready
hmm... just keep your mood as it is. Rest I will handle
now go
I had told you not to say anything in front of Hamza
Then why did you say it?
What's wrong with you, Mom? Even I have heard so much scolding from people; I was taunted too.
It was also important to tell him that all of his claims about his love for me were false.
he wasn't a liar
but you were.
you were a liar!
I feel ashamed
but what to do, this is the truth
You kept using his love while considering it as someone else's treasure.
And at the eleventh hour, you left him.
why are you feeling bad now? What is it, tell me
That he is getting married, or he is not in your fate anymore.
Fabiha look, whatever you did
Whatever humiliation you gave me was enough. Please don't insult me further.
you took your life's related decisions yourself
Whether good or bad, your mother didn't have any role in it.
look at this
I beg you, if you say so then let me keep my honor in your feet.
What are you doing?
but, don't take my trial anymore
please let Farheen get married
See, she attained this happiness with a lot of difficulty and luck
please don't take them away from her
go, wed off your daughter
your this daughter won't say anything
Hadi... Hareem, quickly come on the dining. The dinner is ready
Mom, what have you made for dinner today?
today, your mother has made your favorite dinner. Burger & Fries!
Burger fries, yes!
mom, where is my ketchup?
oh sorry! let me bring it right away
Yum yum...
here is your ketchup
hmm... yummy
good
hmm... finish it quickly, we have to sleep on time as we have an exam tomorrow. Ok?
mom, tomorrow is our last exam
yes
yes! and that too of drawing & after that vacations... yes!
mom, where will you take us?
hmm.. I will take you guys wherever you'll ask me to
hmmm... ok, first day we'll go to the play land
second day, we'll go to the zoo
hmm...
and third day we'll go to the beach
okay
fourth day we'll go to the park
Okay... these are so many places but your mom will take you. Don't worry
now finish it quickly. Quickly eat your dinner
at least try, how is the burger
how's it?
very yummy!
thank you! now finish it, ok?
okay
hmm...
Come on, dinner is over. Quickly go, brush your teeth, and straight to bed.
No, we'll play with the puzzles
No, absolutely not. You won't play the puzzles as we have an exam tomorrow. Now hurry up!
come on, hurry up
Ok
mom..
yes
yes?
tomorrow is our last exam
yes baby, now hurry up & go to sleep
don't worry, I am not here to taunt you
I came to participate in your happiness
its a human nature, sister..
When he sees his pride with someone else, jealousy is created automatically.
Your fate is trying to offer you happiness again and again with open arms, but you are running after someone else.
But very few fortunate people are like you, who seize their happiness at the first opportunity by reaching out their hand.
and on the other side, the people are like me
Those who always keep pushing and shoving
Fabiha, you should be very happy
that you got a life partner like Arham. He has got everything
but he doesn't have a heart, sister
and what shall I do of such a man who doesn't have a heart
his heart only beats for Sanaya
and I have realized it quite late
So, will you never go back there again?
Sister, this is not the right time for such questions. Right now, it's time to celebrate your happiness.
if you say so, shall I take you upstairs?
lets go
Hamza
I have handover the piece of my heart to you
take very good care of her
don't you worry
Farheen is my responsibility now
and I know how to fulfill my responsibility, I promise you!
I know
I trust you more than myself
stay happy & blessed
Okay enough now, aunty we shall leave now. Please allow us to leave
we'll take good care of sister Farheen more than you, happy now?
If God wills
shall we go, brother?
lets go
yes Hadia?
yes brother, how are you?
Have the kids recovered from the trauma?
Sanaya has handled them as she always does.
sister Sanaya? Is she with you?
she is nearby but not together
I'm amazed, despite everything that happened, your wife is still there.
only a mother can give such a big sacrifice
brother...
I think it should be enough for you that your wife has not turned away from her responsibilities.
Hadia, how shall I fulfill my rights now?
what is already done, whatever the time has passed
after that, its difficult to rectify anything
but I think we should not loose hope
nothing is impossible, brother
and how it will happen?
For now, let your wife get used to seeing you daily.
right now her biggest trial is that you are in front of her eyes
Let she have patience once
I think only then something can happen
what if it didn't happen then?
then...
then we have to see
That's how much a man can sacrifice for his family and children.
The way a woman can sacrifice for her children and tolerate so much.
Can a man also do the same?
by the way brother, shall I ask you something?
won't you get tired of convincing her?
I will take 20,000 rupees, neither one rupee extra or less
Hey, no cheating
Brother, why are you being so miserly? Sister is getting tired because of you sitting inside.
sister, its not getting late because of me. Its all my brother's fault
Hamza, its just a matter of 20,000 rupees
they aren't precious than your sister, so give it to her
Wow, have you also become her supporter now?
and you won't be getting any 20,000 rupees
take this
here...
these are 500 rupees, they are enough for you
No no, give me some more.
Ok fine, take these. Now its 2000, I won't give you more
nothing will happen with this
really? then give them back to me
ok fine, you'll remember that you've got such a good sister
By the way, do I have to return the 10,000 rupees that I found in your pants this morning?
where is that amount?
now the camel has come under the mountain! I won't give them back to you
Okay, keep them as well
now go
you guys fight too much
the fight starts every morning & by the night
sometimes it gets over
really?
Who will you fight with once Hania goes to her house after her marriage?
with you, who else?
Don't you dare! If you fight with me, I'll get upset and go to my mom's house.
then you have to come to convince me
really! And you think that I will let you go?
close your eyes
do it
open them now
this is for you
they are so beautiful!
Help me put them on, since you've gifted them to me.
Sure
they are so nice
Hamza, do you know. I can't believe that we are married
mom was right
I have achieved this happiness by luck.
And now, I want to keep these happiness very safely.
but I would be needing your help in it
I want the assurance of my happiness from you, Hamza
the happiness we get by luck
They never stray from their path, Farheen
and what you've got
it was yours, that's why you got it
and its never ending
Hamza
promise me that you'll always be there with me for a lifetime
and you will never let anyone come in between us
I will always be with you
Since I have made a promise, I will fulfill it until my last breath.
Besides, my heart is not that big for many girls to live in it.
I didn't had an idea that you are so funny
you have never explored this side of mine, you've always been fighting with me
okay sorry
today on wards, no more fights
only love?
you'll get bored
No, absolutely no!
its so pretty