Well, now the marriage date has been fixed but we didn't eat sweets.
Groom's family brings sweets. Right?
You are absolutely right aunt but we were so happy that we forgot to bring sweets.
Let me finish eating, then I will bring sweets.
Wow Arham
Your relation with Sanaya ruined because of me, your children are missing because of me.
I created distances between you and Sanaya, I deprived your children from their rights, I have done everything but what about Sanaya's doings? What have you done to her?
You considered that sacrificing Sanaya as culprit but now you are considering her as your partner. Wow, hats off to you.
Children are found Sanaya.
I will also go with you to police station.
You can't go there, I will bring children back.
But what if children refused to come with you then?
I promise that I will bring them safe and sound. They are my children as well.
Hamza
Why are being so kind to me?
If you can think about me then I can do this much for you.
Yes, I thought that I have to marry someone anyway so why not you.
You will wake me up early morning then you will iron my clothes and then you will give me my bag and send me to office
When I will come back in evening then you will give me a nice cup of tea and then delicious meal.
Really? And what will you do for me?
I will earn a lot of money for you so that you can do a lot of shopping.
And I was also thinking about fixing your pocket money so what do say?
Hmm, so you will give four hours from twenty four hours.
No work, no friendships and no excuses. Do you agree with that?
And what will we do in those four hours?
Well, one hour is allocated for shopping.
Then we will spend one hour here with my mom. And you will also come with me so no excuses.
Then we will go out for dinner for one hour.
And one hour for chit chat with each other.
Wow, you have already planned everything.
Yes, because it's a matter of our whole life. It's not a joke.
By the way, tea is very nice today.
Stop buttering me.
Come on time with "Nikah Khwan". I won't allow you to get late for a single minute.
Hamza, don't make me wait anymore.
I won't do that.
Take tea.
Hmm
Farheen.
Mom when did you come?
When you were thinking something.
I was just..
I am not asking anything. Look at this.
This is your wedding dress.
This is very beautiful.
Whose dress is this?
It's yours.
I bought this for your wedding. I want you to wear this on your wedding day.
And you have stitched it so quickly.
You are so quick.
I didn't even realize that when did you buy this dress.
My child
Mothers of daughters keep such things very safely. Now you will wear this. Did you like it?
Mom, if you can think about my happiness so why can't I do that?
I will wear this dress tomorrow. Are you happy now?
I am extremely happy
Listen my dear
God has really given you reward of your patience.
Hamza is gem of a person.
And now it's your responsibility to keep this gem safe.
He is longing for this happiness since long.
So only he can know the real worth of this happiness.
Mom, I made up my mind that I will sit in this house for ever.
But it is said
Mills of the God grinds slowly, but they grind exceedingly fine.
But we don't understand.
What happened mom, you look worried?
Mom, if you are worried about money then I will take advance salary from my office.
And I will also apply for some loan.
No. No.
I am not worried for that.
Then?
Actually
We will have to invite Fabiha has well.
But she is going to Dubai tomorrow.
You tole me about that.
Yes, but we should inform her.
She won't come anyway.
Mom
I am getting married to Hamza.
I don't want that any problem may create because of Fabiha tomorrow.
But she is very happy in her house.
So let her stay there at the moment.
You should make preparations for tomorrow and put everything aside.
You are right.
I can't believe it that I will wear such a beautiful dress tomorrow.
And I will put lipstick of this color.
And also wear bangles of this color.
Sanaya. Sanaya
Where did you go? Didn't you miss your mom? Where did you go?
Mom missed you so much and searched you everywhere.
Did you eat anything? Are you hungry?
What will my daughter eat? Sandwich? I will make that for you. Hadi will also eat sandwich.
Sanaya, they are not in good condition so take them to room.
What my dear daughter eat? Tell me.
Ah
Get away. We don't want to talk to both of you. Let's go Hadi.
Hareem, Hadi.
Sanaya.
Did you see?
Don't worry Sanaya.
My children don't want to talk to me.
They don't want to talk to their mother.
Not only me, they don't want to talk to you as well.
They don't want to talk to their parents.
Brother he won't realize.
He won't realize.
Now children are found so the same routine will resume that Hadi belongs to you and Hareem belongs to me. Right?
What should I do brother? What should I do?
Children consider their parents as their strength.
But our children
Our children are running away from us and they are considering us as their enemies. Oh God, why did it happen?
My children are running away from me because of you Arham.
Were the pains already less that we have got one more?
Control yourself.
Brother Arham go to children' room.
No.
Not at all.
I can take care of my children myself.
Give me.
Junaid.
Sorry
What if Hadi told Arham everything then Arham won't listen to me.
I am unable to understand that what should I do? He is not supporting me at the moment so he will kick me out of the house after listening to Hadi.
You have to think something Fabiha.
What's the matter Arham? Why are you looking at me like this?
What are you doing?
Did Hadi asked you to give him dinner that night or not?
Yes he did.
Did you give her lunch?
Yes I did.
She didn't give me dinner. She is lying.
She also forbade me to come in room and she also threatened me that she will kick me out of the house if I will come in room.
And if you tell anything to dad then I will beat you and again kick you out of the house.
Just like mom was kicked out.
Is Hadi telling the truth or not?
And she also twists my hand and scratch me as well. Look I have bruises and scratches here.
He is lying.
Fabiha
My children don't lie.
And you also know it that my children don't lie.
I don't want to see your face. Just get lost.
Get lost.
Go
Get lost. Get out of this room.
Sorry my children
Mom.
It's OK, nothing happened. Mom is with you. Right.
What do you want to hear?
That you were only passing your time with me.
Everything was a lie, deception and cheating. And now you are regretting.
Yes, I am regretting.
I am regretting round the clock. I left my wife because of you and now this happened to me.
But I can't leave my children. I love my children.
And what about this baby?
Did Hadi asked you to give him dinner that night or not?
Yes he did.
Did you give him?
Yes I did.
She didn't give me dinner. She is lying.
She forbade me to enter room. And also threatened me that she will kick me out of the house if I will enter room.
And if you will tell anything to dad then I will beat you and again kick you out of the house.
She also twists my hand in night and scratch me as well.
Fabiha
My children don't lie.
And you also know that my children don't lie.
I don't want to see your face. Get lost from here.
Get lost from here.
Go
Get lost. Get out of this room.
Farheen, where are you?
What happened mom, why are you calling me?
Come here and sit with me. Come.
Where did you find this?
I have brought this from very far away.
I want to fill some colors in my daughter's life. 
Mom
You will be left alone.
My child, I won't get afraid of living alone in this age.
I want you to be happy in your life.
Hamza's bride.
Yes.
Happiness is knocking on our door after a very long time.
May God keep us safe from evil sight.
That won't happen. I want to see my daughter happy.
I asked Saba to come in the evening. She will help you in getting dolled up.
I have also invited some women of neighborhood. I will send you with Hamza tonight.
Are you happy?
Junaid, a mother gives so many sacrifices for her children
But it's very difficult to live with that person who always ask his wife to give sacrifices.
I don't know, how will Sanaya live there.
I don't know whether she will be able to stay there or not.
But I am happy that you didn't impose your decisions on her.
And you didn't put her under more trials.
How could I do that. Didn't you see condition of children?
How could I do that?
Yes Junaid.
I was shocked when I saw Hareem's reaction.
But such reaction had to come after all that happened to children.
Keep calling Sanaya.
God knows, how lonely she must be feeling now without mom.
Don't worry, I do take care of her.
Hania. Hania, where are you? Come quickly.
I have brought sweets. What else do you need?
Close your eyes.
You are doing this and I have to do so many tasks.
Please close your eyes. Please.
I have closed my eyes. So tell me now.
Now open.
From where did you get these?
Mom bought these for your bride.
And now you will give this as a wedding gift to sister Farheen.
Oh really, you can't do this to me.
Mom made these for you and you will take these with you so keep these safely.
Not at all. You will gift these to sister Farheen as wedding gift and I don't want any argument on this.
Brother, a girl brings so many desires with her and such things don't have any worth.
You will see the real worth of these when you will see happiness on her face after you will gave these to her.
Wow, my sister has grown up today.
Stop buttering me now.
Call the garland vendor and ask him to decorate your room otherwise I will have to do that as well.
So do that for me. OK let me call him.
Arham, you have become so suspicious about me so quickly.
You were believing me until last night.
And you have given me opportunity to break that trust.
You are believing on a child's words.
And he is saying everything on his mother's insistence.
Stop it Fabiha. Stop it.
Hadi is telling me about it since long.
But that was my mistake that I didn't believe on my son's words and instead I believed yours.
I supported you.
So that you may feel honored.
But now I am realizing that I did so wrong with my children and with myself.
You ruined every relation just to get my trust.
But the biggest relation was of humanity.
But you didn't take care of that.
If you couldn't think about my children then you should have thought about this baby.
You should have thought about your own baby.
So it means that you have accepted that all of this has happened because of me.
It's my fault.
Tell me.
What do I say
What do you want to listen?
That you were just passing your time with me.
Everything was a lie, deception and cheating. And now you are regretting.
Yes, I am regretting.
I am regretting.
I am regretting round the clock that I left my wife and now I am in this condition.
But I can't leave my children.
I love my children.
And what about this baby?
Fabiha go to your mother's house until this baby is born.
And after that?
We will see that later.
Will you apply the same methodology with this baby as you are doing to Hareem and Hadi that he will stay with me for two days and then with you for two days.
Tell me.
Fabiha, it's my baby.
So he will stay with me.
And what about me? Where will I live?
Fabiha, it would be better if this matter may not get worse.
So it would be better for you that you shouldn't be sitting here when I will come back.
Go to your mother's house.