So now you knew. 
How does a mother feel when someone treats her child harshly.
So think...
what would that mother feel whose son is snatched by someone else
Hamza, can we talk for a few minutes?
yes maam
that day I had discussed about the care taker, but she didn't come
sorry maam, actually there was an emergency on that day that's why she couldn't come
what happened, all okay?
yes yes maam, everything is alright. Actually her mother was not well so...
Oh! I'm sorry. How is her mother now?
she is better now
Okay, so when are you bringing her? 
Actually I am in dire need of a care taker
maam, can I tell you tomorrow?
Kindly, do confirm by tomorrow otherwise I will arrange someone else
Okay
the police will thrash you so hard that you'll remember for lifetime. Leave my hand!
are you threatening Haroon Mirza?
didn't you hear? Leave her hand!
What do you think? Are we weak, if we don't have any man in our house
we know it very well how to treat such poor-spirited people like you
it won't take even two minutes to ruin your daughter's honor, aunty
Lets go!
leave her hand. Fabiha..
Fabiha
"Torn Poster Turned Out to be a Hero"
is the picture complete now?
its good that you came
stop your non-sense & get out of here!
I will return your money within 2 days
you don't even worth a penny, yet you will return my money within 2 days!
Ok fine, challenge accepted!
if you didn't return my money within 2 days time, then handover Fabiha to me happily
get lost!
get out of here
are you fine, Fabiha?
aunty, don't worry
I will handle
Hadi, get away. Don't you see, what I am doing? Stay away.
Arham!
greetings mom!
greetings! How are you Sanaya? You sound very tired
what shall I do?
Now, I feel more tired by Arham's words
I had never realized it earlier
Arham & I had started this journey together
but now I am feeling as if..
I am loosing my companion while reaching my destination
what will I do of such a destination?
where I will be alone
but not with my companion
dear, one should not loose hope so soon
everyone faces good & bad times
one needs to show patience & show some courage
and the stars doesn't sparkle at all times, nor does a human's fate
So, one needs to wait for the night time to see the light of the stars
dear, even you have to wait for good time
after night, we have a hope that we'll see a new sun in the morning
they say it right
nobody can replace a mother's presence
now see
in what condition & problem Arham must be
so, you should be supporting him
Only a good wife can understand that what does a husband needs at this time
and how worried he is, he needs your support
and if he gets frustrated sometimes
then dear, you need to tolerate it
specially in this condition
and dear look, I am telling you clearly
that we make the basis of our family in the beginning
and your family stays intact on that basis
you are absolutely correct, I was just...
Ok leave everything. I was thinking that you haven't visited our house since so many days
So come tomorrow night, we'll have dinner together. Ok?
I've become such a stranger for you, right?
dear, daughters are strangers
I will let you know, I am hanging up now
you are getting worried now, right?
I've been telling you since so long to do the care taker job, but no!
didn't you find it important to tell me?
are you so grown up to take your own decisions?
I am your mother & I am still alive
mom, I wanted to tell you but...
but what?
aunty, I had forbidden her
that's why she didn't tell you
dear, what's the use of it?
the problem is still standing on our doorstep
until when it will follow us, I don't know
I am a daughter's mother
until when I will feel embarrassed from you
what's there to be embarrassed about, aunty?
You & Fabiha are my family, and we don't feel embarrassed in front of our families
this is your grateful nature
why are you saying this?
You are embarrassing me by saying this
and in my sight...
the people giving their daughter's shouldn't bend but the one's who takes the daughter shall bend
why are you worrying?
you consider me your son, right?
then a mother shouldn't be worried while their son is here
how can I not worry?
after all, I have only one son
God forbid, if something would have happened to you then?
but nothing happened to him, mom
and if Haris had been here at this time, then he wouldn't have stepped back too
Leave it! All of this happened because of her
She had put her sister's life at stake for the sake of her happiness
why are you cursing me, mom?
You've just fulfilled your duty
if dad had been alive, then he would have done the same. You haven't done any favor on us
But no, everyone blurts poison for me in this house
children are like this, they remember their duties
but they forgot their mother's duties
may God show you the right path, Farheen
Mom, don't worry otherwise you'll get sick
leave it, can't you see how she argues with me
now go, bring me a glass of water
why are you standing now, go!
Fabiha, at what time is your interview today?
at 10:00 AM
Sanaya haven't read my messages as of yet
mom, where is sister-in-law?
where she had to be?
She has gone to do others slavery by leaving her mother-in-law in this condition
I don't understand brother
 he is like... "One moment you weigh, the next moment you measure"
his mother is sick, she is lying in the house like this... but no!
He wants his wife to do the job
we had tolerated your loneliness until you were fine, but now?
even I didn't spared her, Hadia
the way I had portrayed her in front of Arham
that he had scolded her too much. Also, he had fixed her very well!
its good! Now you'll see that they won't talk to each other for a few days
then she will understand
oh my naive mom, what do you think?
is brother Arham getting all this done?
instead sister-in-law is getting this done
you are forgetting one thing
brother Arham is your son, but he is not only his wife's husband
but his wife's slave too
In front of us, he pretends as if decisions are honored. But its not the actual thing
only sister-in-law's decision is honored at all times
and what are you thinking? The decision of keeping a maid for you, is this brother Arham's decision?
its of sister-in-law's
listen to me
you have to give tough time to sister-in-law
then I will see, how brother Arham won't let his wife resign from her job
and doesn't ask her to stay at home. Understand?
sister
come, have lunch
I don't want to eat
as my stomach is full from mom's poison
she is our mother, why do you think this way about her?
you are her dearest...
earning daughter
What do you know
that how difficult it is to live without a mother's love
I feel so jealous whenever I see you & Hamza in place of mine & Haris
every child is equal for a mother, sister
her motherly love can never think bad for you
she does your competition with me
the day I will compete you, you'll see
even you will start disliking me
I can never dislike you
this is your misunderstanding
the time will tell that who will dislike whom
Fabiha, for now please go away as I am not in a mood to argue at all
I had thought...
that I will go to see off Haris at the airport but..
nobody cares about my happiness in this house
nobody realizes it
when our loved ones become strangers, then how can we complaint about the time
have you applied for the loan?
I did
there are chances to get an approval by tomorrow
what if it didn't get approved?
then we have to vacate the house on the last notice. What else Arham?
do I have any other option?
what else can I do?
you didn't even let me capable enough to seek loan from my family
I've talked to sir, there might be some solution of it
even last time you had said the same thing
but then I had to take a loan from my office
and till date we are paying its installment. Now one more
the expenses will be doubled
Sanaya, my promotion is pending for the time being
as soon as I will be promoted, my salary & allowance will be doubled. All the expenses will be cleared
until yesterday, you were against my job
so today, from where this self-esteem came from?
Sanaya, you know I am emotional. And I don't understand anything in anger
but try to understand my compulsion too
who is standing in front of the family, outsiders & relatives?
I am standing
I answer everyone
a man whose wife is working, people do various questions from him
and I face them all
people ask, who is with the old mother
Sanaya, I answer all the questions
I kept thinking at the office at all times, whether mom took her medicine or not
whether she got her food or nor, is she fine or not
do you have an idea that how my day is passed?
like every man, even I want my wife to take care of my mother
but I cannot do this, because I am helpless
because our needs are too much which can only be fulfilled by the jobs of both of us
but No
you won't understand this, because
you don't see me compelled
The sip of patience is bitter
but one gets to see a sweet result who showed some patience
its bad time for us
instead of passing this time by fighting
it would be better to spend it with love with each other
I have talked to Hamza, tomorrow he will tell me finally about the care taker
otherwise, we'll arrange some other girl
here you go brother, your tea
what are you searching for?
Hania, you do remember that I keep all the documents at one place
I had kept my bike papers here as well
why do you need bike papers?
actually I want to keep my bike as mortgage
you want to keep your bike as mortgage, means?
talk softly, what's wrong with you?
and where is mom?
but if you'll keep your bike as mortgage, then how will you go to office?
the way everyone else goes, I will go by bus. Not a bit deal
but what as such the emergency is, that you need to keep your bike as mortgage?
what if mom gets to know, then?
mom will not get to know anything, if you'll keep your mouth shut
as far as I am concerned
so I will make an excuse
You know how difficult it was for mother to get you this bike
a person does hard work in good times, so that it can be helpful for it bad times
keep all these things inside
tell me the truth, who stole the jewelry from my cupboard?
what do you mean by asking me? 
You can ask this question from Fabiha as well
I am asking you! Tell me truly who took the jewelry?
mom, how would I know? You are asking me as if I have stolen it
stand up! Put your hand on my head & swear upon my life that you haven't stolen them
swear upon my life!
I haven't stolen them
keep your hand on my head, now speak up!
sister is right
only fortunate people gets a companion like Hamza
but what shall I do of this heart, who doesn't beats for Hamza
it only remembers his favors
I did a very big mistake
I shouldn't have taken the money from Haroon
not only you did the mistake
But I did it too
I should have stopped you
but what to do
I had forgotten this due to the fear of Farheen's spectacle
that our honor will be tarnished
mom, only weak people face such spectacles
Fabiha, Hamza's support will never let you become weak
mom, Hamza is also a weak person like us
the actual reality is that a person's biggest strength is money
and Hamza doesn't have it
no dear
every man's strength is his honor & respect
Hamza tries to explain you, his love & respect is purely for you
if some other man had been in his place then
he would have left you long time ago on this matter
consider Hamza's endless love as your strength
as far as Haroon's matter is considered
we'll return his loan by selling off the jewelry that I have kept for you both
Mom, but you had made that jewelry for me & sister
No dear, nothing is more precious than one's respect
remember this!
he had switched off this whatsapp since 8 hours for a 3 to 4 hours flight
if mom gets to know that I have stolen the jewelry, then she'll kill me this time in real by giving me the poison
I'm calling him since morning, and he is not attending my call
I won't become weak in front of my mother this time
Fabiha
Fabiha
what happened?
I was fixing my cupboard, and the jewelry is missing
what do you mean, the jewelry is missing. It must be here, check carefully
where are they?
 am I lying? the jewelry is not here
Ok, you might have kept them somewhere else. Tell me, let me find it
I haven't kept them anywhere else. I think they are stolen
mom, how can they get stolen? We are just 3 people in the house
no fourth person visits us, please sit let me find it
mom
did you gave them to someone?
Farheen, what are you doing?
Nothing mom, I came to get the charger
Okay
let me bring your tea
mom
mom, I am asking you
hey, mom!
yes mom, did you call?
hmm... I want to go to the bathroom
be careful
tell me the truth, who stole the jewelry from my cupboard?
what do you mean by asking me? You can ask this question from Fabiha as well
I am asking you! Tell me truly who took the jewelry?
mom, how would I know? You are asking me as if I have stolen it
stand up! Put your hand on my head & swear upon my life that you haven't stolen them
swear upon my life!
I haven't stolen them
keep your hand on my head, now speak up!
yes, I have stolen. I took the jewelry
you did robbery in your house, you looted your mother
this is my children...
there might be a miss in my upbringing
Tell me, what you did with that jewelry?
Mom!
Tell me, where is the jewelry? What did you do with that jewelry?
I sold them
you have sold them?
you sold the jewelry? What!
mom!
where is the money, tell me
I gave them to Haris for the ticket & visa
have some shame!
mom...
oh God...
I am looted, she took away my entire life's savings
please sit here
Don't know how much injustice this selfish child did with me
mom, please sit
what will I do now?
my lifetime's savings are looted
please sit. Mom!
what will I do?
such a selfish child... oh God!
please sit...
mom!
mom...
mom!
what happened?
Call Hamza, quickly!
mom, what happened?
Mom!
its all because of you. If something happened to mom then you'll see
mom, please open your eyes
send Arham to me
you called & here I am
Since you are here, so take me to the bathroom. As your wife has clearly refused
what happened to you mom, just now I took you to the bathroom
are you lying!
how you've changed your colors like a chameleon as soon as you saw your husband
she is right
mom, you have your own weight
what if you fall while going, you'll get injured or your bone will break. It will be a problem then
so its better for me to do this work. 
You want to go to the washroom, right?
let me take you, its ok
Please move the wheelchair
No
leave it
I don't want to go
I don't want to go now
its ok
I will rest 
Okay
one second, let me fix the pillow. Move a bit
like this, yes.. 
do switch off the lights while leaving
Okay
shall we go?
I am keeping this bell next to you, do ring it if you need anything
I will come again after some time
Hadia was right
he just pretends in front of me
he doesn't even speak in front of his wife
where have you gone... 
after leaving me alone
there is no one to listen to me
Fabiha
Fabiha
compose yourself, aunty will be fine. Nothing will happen to her
come her, sit down
sit
Fabiha, show some courage & tell me what happened
aunty was absolutely fine until evening, then what happened all of a sudden?
our luck is so bad, Hamza
the loved ones supports each other during bad times
but here, our loved ones have become our enemies
what had happened?
sister had sold mom's jewelry that she had saved for us
it was her entire lifetime's savings. And she couldn't tolerate it, when she got to know about it
what are you saying?
mom was relieved that she will save her daughter's honor by selling that jewelry
but sister took away that hope too
Ok don't worry, let me arrange the money
don't worry, we'll arrange something
from where you'll bring such a hefty amount, Hamza?
try believing me, Fabiha
I will get drowned myself, but I won't let your trust break
why do you consider yourself alone? I am here with you
talk to your madam
I am ready to do the job
but only upon your trust
how is mom, what happened to her?
patient got a heart attack, we cannot say anything right now
Fabiha
nothing will happen to her, don't worry
everything will be fine
do you really think that I didn't took mom to the bathroom?
what to do
just arrange a care take immediately
I am telling the truth, I took mom
Sanaya, I cannot say that my mother is lying
no matter even if she had lied
there is a possibility that mom had become frustrated due to this illness
obviously!
the work she always used to do by herself
today she needs our help for that work, she had to call us to do that work
and after calling us, she had to wait for us
and this matter is based upon one's entire life
I think, we should consult a good psychiatrist for mom
in such an illness, a person doesn't gets to know or realizes that what he is doing
maybe you are right
even a fine person will become crazy if he'll stay locked inside a room
let me speak to Sunny, he has a family doctor. Lets meet him
ok listen
yes
mom has invited us on the dinner tomorrow
Okay, we'll go
but their mood... 
No
I will talk to brother tomorrow after going home
I have to go & see
what is the mood & situation of my family
you did robbery in your house, you looted your mother
this is my children...
there might be a miss in my upbringing
Fabiha
how is mom?
there is nothing to worry about, the patient is out of danger now
thank you so much, doctor
but please be careful that she doesn't have any tension or stress
if she gets another attack, then her survival will be difficult
Ok better, we'll take very good care of her
can I meet my mother?
We are shifting her to the ward, then you can meet her
Fabiha, I had told you that nothing will happen to aunty
Hamza, you've been with me for an entire night. Do one thing
go home & rest for a while
and did you talk about my job?
yes, I have talked
we have to go today to meet them
don't worry about aunty
Farheen is here to look after her, ok?