I made the mistake mom.
But I will correct my mistake at any cost.
It's useless to say anything to you because it's my fault as I have ruined my own house.
My children and wife are not with me.
I am living like a stranger in my own house.
Only because of you.
Remember one thing Fabiha, that I won't let my children grow under your supervision.
I don't want this baby know about his mother's reality.
Don't say this Arham.
Arham, where are you going? Listen to me.
Mam, don't worry, everything will be fine and nothing will happen to Arham.
Control yourself please. Sit here.
Where is Arham? How is he right now? How did that happen?
All of this has happened because of you. What did you get by doing this Fabiha?
No one is cruel Sanaya.
A person is compelled to be cruel because of bad time.
You can't hide your mistakes by accusing time.
If anything happened to Arham then I will never forgive you Fabiha.
I know that you hate and you are right in doing so.
But I want to ask a question from you.
We hate that person who wrongs us but why don't we curse that time which made a person bad?
Why don't we blame time which forces us to do wrong things.
Time is not bad Fabiha, the intention of a person is bad and your intention was bad.
My intention was not bad Sanaya.
So many people misguided me.
And first of all, aunt Riffat gave me hope.
And after that I couldn't think about anything else.
And then her behavior became bad with me.
I realized that she was only using me to keep Arham away from you.
Stop it please, I don't trust you at all.
And don't use a dead person just to prove yourself innocent.
I am not asking you to believe me.
I am telling you about what happened to me.
We don't feel sad when our dreams are broken because perhaps we believe that dream will end as soon as we wake up.
But if someone try to break hopes after raising those hopes in our heart then how long can a person remain good.
I tried my best to get you out of Arham's heart and his life but I couldn't do that.
Yes he was alongside me but he was not mine.
And it's not love by talking to someone in a sweet tone.
Love is that reality which remains in our heart even if we are alone.
And I always found Arham alone even though he was with me.
I kept getting jealous
But I couldn't take your place.
He didn't do bad to you only.
So how can I be happy after breaking so many hearts.
You are also guilty of being cruel to another person.
This baby.
Now it's his turn to get suffered because of your mistakes.
Fabiha, I am afraid that your health will deteriorate. You are sitting here since last night. Let's go home.
Mom, I won't leave until Arham regains his consciousness.
But you also need to take rest.
Come on, let's go.
Hamza will drop us.
Mom, as I said, I won't go anywhere.
Who is patient Arham's wife?
Patient has regained his consciousness and now he is out of danger.
He is insisting to meet Sanaya. Go and meet him.
Let me see dad first then I will take you there. OK. Sit here.
Happy birthday.
Don't worry, I won't die so soon.
God forbid.
Nothing will happen to you.
You will be alright.
You will be fully recovered dad.
When I get sick, you spent time with me and I get complete recovery..
So you will be fully recovered as well.
Dad, when you will recover completely then we will play wrestling.
Yes my son.
Sure.
Mom
Take doctor's permission about taking dad to home.
We will take very good care of dad at home.
Don't bother dad and don't talk too much. Stay with dad, I m going to meet with doctor. I'll be right back.
Come here, come to me.
How is Arham feeling now?
He is feeling better, it will take some time to get recovered.
This will also pass.
But I will praise your fate.
Time remained at your side even though it betrayed you but it was against me.
I want to give something to you.
What is this?
Some relations are only made as a formality.
Which raise hopes in our hearts.
And today I am ending that hope.
Please forgive me, if you can.
Won't you meet with Arham?
No, I have lost all my rights today.
I will be satisfied that I showed some dignity by saving someone else' relation.
Fabiha
You can meet with Arham, if you want.
Why have you come here?
No my child, don't say that.
Go out.
Eat something from canteen. Hadi you go as well.
How are you?
Still alive.
But you don't have to worry about me.
Obviously.
The whole world must be considering me culprit after what I did.
But no one would understand that how compelled I was.
But everyone only remember one thing that I was wrong.
No matter what you do, you can't prove yourself a good person after getting married second time.
Man is always a betrayer and a women is always characterless. Woman also faces taunts.
And this is a custom of this society.
But I realized this after a long time.
First I tried my best that Sanaya may stay with you but then I wanted her to leave you.
And maybe I was wrong.
And I am apologizing for that.
I shouldn't have come between you and Sanaya. That was the biggest mistake of my life.
I thought bad for a woman despite being a woman myself.
I didn't know that man can astray that easily.
And he changes.
But now I have understood everything.
I am setting you free from my relation.
Take care of yourself.
And please forgive me, if you can.
Fabiha, where did you go?
I called you so many times but you didn't respond.
At least you should have informed me before leaving. You amazed me.
Where were you?
Fabiha, where did you go?
I went to hospital mom.
Hospital?
Is everything alright? Is Arham alright?
He is fine, don't worry.
But why did you go there without informing me?
I have made the decision about my life.
Decision? Which decision?
I have set Arham and Sanaya free.
I am sending separation notice.
I have buried all my desires.
Sanaya, the distance between you and me at the moment.
I won't bear that.
I have a request.
Don't punish my children for my sins.
Don't keep their father away from them.
You are not feeling well. Get up, let me take you to doctor.
Fabiha
Fabiha. Fabiha.
Fabiha. Mom.
Yeah. Good.
Hadi will lose.
Stop playing, I have brought soup for dad.
Bring it here, we all will have that together.
Yes mom, let's have that together.
No not at all, we will go to dining table for that.
Go and wash your hands.
Right.
Sanaya have you really forgiven me?
This is not the right time to discuss this matter.
Sanaya, my heart will be burdened until you won't forgive me.
This wound won't heal.
To apologize is not difficult. It's difficult to spend time.
I have spent my life with you and now I can spend my life with you as well.
But I can't live with this guilt that when Arham needed Sanaya then Sanaya was not there to support him.
Then there would be no difference between Arham and Sanaya.
I am sorry Sanaya.
I have made the mistakes.
I wish that you wouldn't need to apologize.
Mom, mom, Hadi has dropped soap in toilet.
Check them.
Have it.
Arham, what are you doing? You haven't slept yet?
I want to go out.
OK, let me take you there.
No, I will go.
Let me take you. Come with me.
Be careful.
It's OK.
I will bring your medicine.
Be careful.
Sit here. Please.
What kind of person are you?
Sometime, I feel as if I couldn't know you completely even after so many years of our married life.
You should have left me there to die.
You are doing this, taking care of me and giving me medicine.
It's obvious because I want you to get recovered quickly.
Sanaya, if you are doing this for the sake of humanity then leave it and don't do this
Whatever I have done and the mistake I have made.
Now I also feel that I should get punishment.
Sanaya, I had a proud feeling that I am a man and I manage all household expenses.
And you are just a woman and mother of my children.
But now I admit that I was wrong.
I am nothing without you Sanaya.
I realize this all the time.
Sanaya I apologized again and again and I again and again said that I have made the mistake so forgive me.
I tried to fix everything but you are right.
Because if you would have made this mistake then perhaps I wouldn't forgive you as well.
I won't say that distances were created between us due to the events took place between you and mom. I won't say that you didn't give me time.
You neglected me. No. Nothing. It is my mistake.
Maybe I was weak.
I
No man admits this thing but
He is weak.
Sanaya the distance created between you and me now
I won't tolerate with that anymore.
I have a request.
Don't punish my children for my sins.
Don't take their father away from them.
I immensely love my children.
And as far as our relation is concerned then
I have nothing left except my time for you. And all my time is for you.
I will wait no matter you may take a year, two years, ten years or may be your whole life but
Whenever you may feel that your old Arham is back then come back to me.
Mom, we are here to share a good news with you.
You are going to be a granny.
Wow that's great. Thank God a million times.
You have blessed us with so many happiness. Thank you Lord.
Is Hania alright?
Yes, she is very happy.
Mom, where is Fabiha, let me share this good news with her.
She is in her room. Meet her.
Is Hania happy in her house?
Yes she is very happy.
They take very good care of her.
Thank God. It's good that she is happy. May God keep her happy.
Did you take Farheen to doctor?
Yes, we consulted with doctor, she said that nothing to worry about. We have to take care of her.
May God bless her.
Let me bring something to eat.
Fabiha.
Sister, when did you come?
I have just arrived. Tell me how is your health now?
I am feeling nervous as if something is wrong.
It happens in this condition.
You are saying this as if you also know about it.
Well, if I don't even know then I will know about it now.
Really? I am really happy to hear that.
Fabiha
I am really embarrassed for what happened during last few days.
Those were very useless misconceptions. Please forgive me, if you can.
You don't have to apologize sister.
And I know that neither you did anything wrong nor you did say anything wrong.
And if I loved anyone unconditionally in this world then they are you and mom and I never mind your words.
You are such lovely sister of mine.
I should apologize to Hamza.
What happened Fabiha? Aren't you feeling well?
Let me take you to doctor. Come on get up.
Fabiha
Fabiha. Fabiha
Fabiha. Mom.
Fabiha get up.
What happened?
Mom, Fabiha is unconscious.
Fabiha get up.
Call ambulance.
Call ambulance.
Dad, please play with us.
No, you play.
Dad can't play.
Dad please.
Hadi, dad can't play. Take dad there and let him sit.
Good. Very good.
Be careful.
Go and play. I will sit here.
Let's play mom.
Dad will become a referee and will supervise our game. OK ready.
Yeah.
Good catch Hareem
Mom, don't worry, nothing will happen. Just pray to God, everything will be alright.
Who is with that patient?
We are with her.
She has been blessed with a daughter.
But it's a premature delivery so we have put her in incubator and she is getting treatment.
Right. And what about my daughter?
I am really sorry, we couldn't save her life.
She is no more.
What did she say?
Farheen, what did she say?
Fabiha
Fabiha has passed away.
This is not possible.
She can't go like this.
Mom, she can't go.
But what was she saying?
How is it possible mom? Maybe there is some misunderstanding.
Fabiha
You never got happy in your life.
What happened Sanaya?
Hamza called me.
What did he say?
Fabiha has blessed with a daughter.
Thank God.
But Arham
But what?
Fabiha passed away during delivery procedure.
Mom, please eat something, you haven't eaten anything since yesterday.
Take it back, I don't want to eat.
Mom, don't do this, please eat.
Farheen
Bring my Fabiha back.
Bring my daughter back.
She died while fighting with time and circumstances.
That time should also get punishment for misguiding her.
But who will give that punishment.
Who will give punishment?
Fabiha.
Control yourself.
Fabiha will never come back, she has gone very far away. But mom
I am sure that she is in peace now.
O God, what should I do?
You?
I want to meet aunt.
Yes, please come in.
Sit here.
I am really sorry that Fabiha has passed away.
What will a mother do to condolences when her life is ruined.
Yes I know that you are suffering more than anyone else.
But that girl is suffering even more than you, who has lost her mother.
And I won't be able to live with this guilt that she may also lose her father.
So
I want to seek your permission for taking that girl with me.
I know that only you have the right to take care of this girl at the moment.
But this time is not right to think about ourselves.
It's time to think about that innocent girl.
She deserves her father's love and care.
And I want that no one can deprive her from her right.
Arham
Won't you hold her?
Mom. Mom.
Mom, whose baby is this?
She is your younger sister.
No, she is so small so you can't hold her.
We have to take very good care of her.
Mom, what is her name?
Her name is Maryam.
Wow, it's a very beautiful name.
Maryam.
Will she play with us?
Yes of course.
When she will grow up then I will play with her.
Yes we will play with her.
Your worth has increased even more after this act of yours. She is so lucky that she has got a mother like you.