So you are going through such a bad phase that you are getting scared from children.
I am not scared, I am advising you.
Children are suffering for no reason because of your jealousy.
I am afraid they will stand against you.
I want to marry Hamza.
I like him and I said this to him.
Shameless girl.
My one daughter has already humiliated me.
And you haven't left anything to do that. Oh God have mercy.
But what's wrong in it mom? You also want me to get married.
I did it sister.
OK, now put your clothes in that and only put two suits.
I did it sister.
Done. We will meet in school tomorrow.
So you didn't think once since last night.
Hamza, swear on the name of you mother that you didn't think about me once since last night.
If you really want to see me happy and lessen mom's burden and she may live peacefully then please accept my condition.
Why haven't you slept yet?
I couldn't sleep.
I was feeling thirsty but I got worried when I saw that light of your room is switched on
Leave me, why are you so worried?
Nothing significant, it's because of work burden.
But sister Farheen doesn't get worried because of work.
Her job is different, she manages to do easier tasks.
But I have to meet with big clients outdoor in restaurants and hotels.
Whatever that may be but I don't think that you are only worried because of work.
You must be hiding something from me.
Why would I hide anything from you?
By the way mom is no more with us that you can threat me that you will tell her.
OK don't tell me, sister Farheen has told me about everything.
What did Farheen tell you?
She is mad, don't trust her.
Relax brother, relax.
What she had to tell me?
That aunt wants you to marry sister Farheen.
There is nothing to worry about.
Nothing
It's too late so go to sleep. Why are you discussing this topic at this time. Go to sleep.
What sister Farheen had to tell me that you became so confused.
There is nothing like that and I am not confused.
And I am telling you that it's too late so go to sleep.
You also go to sleep, it's too late.
Wow, Hadi you got ready by yourself today.
Mom told me that we should do our work by ourselves.
I know what your mom is trying to teach you. Tell me that you have put all books and geometry box in your bag?
Mom also told me that I shouldn't be afraid of aunt Fabiha.
And I won't get afraid from you now.
What did you say?
You won't get afraid from me?
Yes.
Hmm
And what if I lock you in the room then what will you do because your mom won't come here to save you?
Mom told me that dad is with me.
But dad listens to me so he won't listen to you.
And by the way when you will be locked in the room then your voice won't go out of the room.
OK then, I am locking you in the room so won't get food and water.
I will tell dad about this.
Hadi
Hadi.
What happened Hadi?
Aunt Fabiha was beating me and she was also scolding me and trying to lock me in the room.
What is he saying Fabiha?
I am right. She scares me.
He is lying.
He misbehaved with me and said that you took my mom's place.
Hadi what is this?
You misbehaved with aunt Fabiha. Say sorry.
No, she is lying.
I said, say sorry.
I won't say sorry. I won't say, I won't say.
Hadi I said, say sorry.
Sorry
Fabiha he is getting rude day by day. I am really sorry for that.
Fabiha, I will drop Hadi to school but please pick him at 1 PM because I have an important meeting. Right?
OK.
Come, let's have breakfast.
Mom, I have brought breakfast for you. Eat it.
Take it away. I don't want to eat.
Mom, why aren't you eating? Please don't do this.
Add some poison in it.
So that I can die peacefully.
So that I can get relax.
OK don't eat.
But think once with a cool head that if I get married to Hamza...
Mom, what's wrong in it if I want to share Hamza's worries and sorrows?
He hasn't forgotten betrayal of Fabiha yet.
If Fabiha can hurt him then why can't we cure his wounds?
Tell me one thing, will you refuse even if Hamza get convinced for this proposal?
Are you more worried about your daughter's age than getting her married.
Mom there are so many girls who are elder than their husbands so what's wrong in it if I am elder than Hamza?
Both of us will take care of each other.
Mom, I thought about it thoroughly and then said this to Hamza.
I have seen some flexibility in him.
I feel that he is hesitant only because of Fabiha.
Suppose you get married to Hamza
Then how will we face Fabiha?
Mom, Fabiha is settled in her life.
And she is very happy in her house.
So think about me, I am still waiting to get married.
But no, you don't care about me.
You only think about Fabiha.
And by the way, I don't think that any decision made in this house would effect Fabiha.
What's up Hania?
OK, I am coming.
I have to change my dress then I will come
OK
It was Hania's call, she wants me to visit her house.
Hareem come quickly my dear.
Greetings. Greetings.
Brother
Brother, documents file needs to be collected from lawyer's office. Will you pick that?
Actually I have to pick Hareem and visit the site as well.
OK, don't worry, I will pick that.
Tell me about the progress of Hadi's custody?
The file is ready and Arham will receive the notice today and we will also get hearing date.
Hmm
Look
I would still prefer that if you can talk to Arham and settle this matter out of court then that will be better.
As you know that Arham is very emotional.
And he can't overcome his emotions and doesn't care what he says and what he decides so I don't want to take that risk.
This time it's not the matter of Sanaya's love
It's a matter of a mother's love and I can't share my children
OK
Don't worry, I will collect documents and will also discuss with lawyer. Right?
Thanks brother.
OK, I must leave, I am already very late.
But you didn't eat anything.
I will eat in office. Bye.
Why are you going without eating.
Bye. Come on Hareem.
Let's go. Get in the car.
Hareem, what's the matter? Why are you so quiet?
Nothing.
So why aren't you saying anything.
Will you listen to me?
Of course, why wouldn't I listen to my daughter?
What about going to sea side after school time?
We will sit there and will have a long chat.
OK?
Mom, I was missing so much. When will you come back?
What happened? Why are you crying?
I am crying because I don't know how long will I have to live without you?
Now go to school.
Go to your class. OK.
Hello.
Greetings mom, how are you?
Greetings, Fabiha, I am fine. Tell me about yourself.
How is your health. Are you taking proper diet.
I am fine and taking good care of myself. Tell me where is sister Farheen?
Why? What happened?
Tell me where is she?
Farheen has gone to Hania's house. Her marriage is fixed.
She had to buy some things and had to pack some stuff so she has gone there.
OK. Tell me that what did you say to her that she was shouting on me?
What did I do?
You know her.
She exaggerates the minor thing.
It's her habit and you know about that.
Mom
Mom was sister Farheen as much possessive for brother Haris as much she is for Hamza right now?
I am not having good vibes about her intentions. So please ask her about her plan.
Because Hamza's nature is completely different.
And Hamza doesn't like her at all.
But why are you getting worried?
Why would I get worried. I am just telling you.
OK fine. I will talk to you later. I have to cook curry. Right?
OK.
Dubai ticket?
Hello
How was my surprise?
Very good but not as good as you.
So you made my passport because of this.
Yes, I want to fill some more colors in your life.
You have really filled colors in my life by giving me this surprise.
Thank you so much.
You're most welcome. Now you should get ready because we have to go there tomorrow.
And I have also booked ticket for Hadi.
So also pack his things.
Right?
Bye
Who takes children with them on honey moon?
Hamza will have to live alone.
And I don't want this to happen that's why I have asked you to come here. Please talk to him and convince him because he listens to you.
For what?
To get married. I have chosen a girl, she is sister of my friend and she is very nice.
Sanaya, where can children go? They must be in school.
I don't know, where have they gone?
Hania
Why have you asked to come so suddenly?
What's the matter? You look worried.
Didn't Hamza say anything?
It's a matter of concern that's why I have asked you to come.
So that you can help me.
What kind of help?
I will get married after two months and then brother will live alone in this house. And I don't want him to live alone.
Well, when you will leave this house after your marriage then Hamza will have to live alone.
And I don't want this to happen that's why I have asked you to come here. Please talk to him and convince him because he listens to you.
For what?
To get married. I have chosen my friend's sister. She is very nice.
If brother gets convinced then I will talk to my friend. They are also finding proposal for their sister.
Please, will you talk to him?
He will listen to you. Please talk to him.
OK, I will try.
Thank you so much sister Farheen.
Here comes brother.
I asked her to come here to help me in choosing clothes so I called her.
Go and please convince him. Till then I will make delicious food for you. Go.
What's up sir.
OK, I am coming.
Sister, where are we going?
We are going to a place where there are so many children but their parents are not there.
Please ask Hareem and Hadi to come out.
Hareem and Hadi were here just a while ago.
But they are not here.
Trust me, I saw them standing here.
If you asked them to sit here then where did they go?
I don't know where have they gone?
Did you see them my dear?
Yes, I saw them, they were sitting inside.
Was Hadi with Hareem?
Yes.
What's up Sanaya?
Arham, children are not in school.
How would I know?
Children are not in school.
Fabiha went to pick him from school.
Children are missing and you are concerned about Fabiha.
Sanaya, where can they go? They must be in school.
I don't know, where have they gone?
OK I am coming. I am nearby. Stay there.
Excuse me, I have to go. We will continue later. Bye
What's up.
Hi Mom.
I called you to share a very big good news. I can't tell you that Arham has given me such a big surprise.
What has he gifted you?
Mom, Arham is taking me to Dubai for two weeks.
Our flight is scheduled for tomorrow. I am so happy and I am telling you before anyone else.
Wow, wow that's really a great news.
That's good. Go with your husband for this trip and enjoy yourself.
Amen
I am getting this after a very difficult time so kindly pray for me that my happiness may not get effected by someone's evil sight.
Amen. My good wishes are with you. Have safe travels.
I will talk to you later because I have to pack my luggage. Bye.
Bye my child.
O my Lord thanks a lot.
Hamza
What do you want now?
Hania wants me to talk to you.
She thinks that I can convince you for anything.
She thinks that you listen to me more than her because we have a bonding with each other.
But she doesn't know that our friendship has ended.
Hamza
When you used to come to me for sharing your feelings after Fabiha's betrayal then I liked to spend time with you.
And I forgot Haris' betrayal.
So tell me, did I do anything wrong?
After Haris left me, then you supported me as my friend.
And I started to like you and I started to feel your pain more than you.
I felt that I can take Fabiha's place in your life.
What do you want to say?
No, leave it.
Now it's useless to discuss this.
Actually, Hania wants you get convinces for proposal of her friend's sister then she will talk to her friend about that.
She doesn't want you to live alone after her marriage.
If you agree then tell me, I will ask Hania to talk to her friend.
And what did you say to Hania?
You have to answer her question.
I have conveyed her message to you.
And I don't want to say anything else.
Listen
What do you think?
What should I say to Hania?
You will decide that
That with whom you want to replace Fabiha in your life?
Oh God, I forgot to pick Hadi because of packing.
Hello.
I am leaving. No don't worry, I will reach there. OK bye.
Arham, children are not in school.
Sanaya, control yourself, they must be around.
Where is Fabiha?
Think about children, I don't know where they have gone?
Let me ask.
Let's check there.
Hadi. Hadi. Hareem.
Hadi. Hadi
Hareem. Hareem.
Fabiha
Fabiha that was your responsibility to pick Hadi.
Why didn't you come on time?
I was on the way but there was so much traffic.
Both me and Sanaya have come in the same traffic so how did both of us reach here?
Now where do I search my children.
This is not right time to fight.
I don't know where are my children. I want my children back at any cost.
They are my children as well and I am trying to find them.
It was your responsibility then why did you ask her to pick him?
Did you fulfill your responsibility about Hareem?
I want my children back.
Did you ask from school management?
I have asked but they don't know.
We should report this case to police.
Yes, you are right, I am going to police station.
I will also go with you.
No, you can't go there. Go home with her.
No, I will go with you.
I want my children back.
I will find them. Trust me. You should go home. It's not right for you to go to police station.
Promise me Arham
Promise me that you will bring my children back. Please promise me.
I promise that I will bring children back. You should go home.
Fabiha, please take Sanaya to home. OK?
I am going to police station.
Oh God.
Junaid. Junaid.
What happened? Why are you so nervous?
Nothing is right.
Sanaya called me, children are missing.
What do you mean by that?
God knows, where have they gone?
She told me that she have searched in school but they are not there.
They must be in school. Where will they go?
Didn't someone kidnap them?
No, they must be there. They must went out to buy something and will come back.
Please call your friend inspector Farooq. He will definitely help us.
OK, let me call him.
Let's go to Sanaya's hosue, she must be alone there.
OK. let's go. Brother Farooq.
Anaya.