ok tell me, did you tell sister-in-law about mom's condition? 
No
Why? Call her, I am sure she will come immediately as soon as she will get to know about mom's health
 call her, brother
brother, please call her for my sake 
As far as bringing you along is concerned, I thought maybe today you'd spend some time with your mother
I would have stayed there if you hadn't come after getting upset 
When people don't appreciate your presence, it's better for you to leave
how can you think this way? 
please Sanaya
 I don't want to argue anymore
what do you mean? 
I mean, sometimes a person needs to change his/her time in order to change his/her fate
and... sometimes she needs to change her man as well 
be quiet, what rubbish you are talking?
mom, I think soon both of you will become absolutely quiet
oho! I am such a stupid. 
Aunty, Fabiha had told me, but I had completely forgotten
actually I am habitual of picking her up daily, so I came
anyways aunty, i am leaving. Bye
take care
what was the need for you to discuss that man in front of Hamza?
Mom, I've become habitual of speaking the truth while listening the truth about myself at all times
that's why the truth had slipped from my mouth
by the way, I am sure. Whatever story your dearest daughter had told you in the morning is all false
and whatever Hamza had said to us right now, is also a lie
I also know, that you won't say anything to your dearest daughter even after knowing everything
because your household expense will be over
don't talk rubbish, go soak it in water
you only know how to talk!
Fabiha aunty, I want to eat noodles today
me too
Coming... 
but first we'll drink the milk full of calcium
I don't want to drink
hey, why you don't want to drink? 
You have to drink, come on
hmm... if you won't drink milk then you won't get noodles as well
No no, we are drinking
yes, we are
good babies, come on finish it quickly
let me bring noodles for you
don't give flat bread to mom in lunch as her diabetics is high today
and I have given her the insulin
I've kept children clothes, make them go to sleep after feeding them the lunch
Hadi's karate class is at 4:00 PM. Do remember to send him 
and Arham's clothes are in the washing machine. Tell the maid to wash them & take it out
have you checked all the designs, Hamza?
yes maam, I have checked the designs you also review them once
very good!
what is this?
one second
hello! 
yes Fabiha?
Fabiha, I forgot to give milk to the kids in the morning as I was running late
do give it to them before lunch, its very important. Ok?
don't worry, I have already fed milk to the kids
thank you!
You're such a great help
the kids were telling me that you had gone to Hadi's function
yes, the kids were insisting a lot that's why I had gone there. Otherwise, I wouldn't have gone there
I understand, thank you!
I don't have any problem with you, if you do your work while considering it as your work
its just that, you have to be careful about every good & bad thing
and Fabiha, if you have mind any of my words then don't take it to your heart. Ok?
yes
Okay, thank you!
Hamza
come in
Alright, I have also checked these designs. So lock them
okay
yes yes, the plan is working 100%
your arrow has stuck right on the point, Hadia
are you doing the same as I had told you?
yes yes, I am doing exactly the same.
I send them off alone outside by making some excuse
Sometimes I send them to the kids school, or hospital or for some coffee
if not today but tomorrow they'll come near to each other
you are doing an absolutely correct job
its very important to make sister-in-law realize that she was wrong & we were right
yes of-course
my son is a man
and a man's heart is way too big when it comes to a matter related to woman
a woman's tears melts down a man so easily
Mom, if we'll succeed in our motive
then sister-in-law will get to know
that what not she had lost to get something few
She was so proud on her job
now I will see
whether she saves her husband or her job
she had never left her job upon our orders though
by the way, you are looking so fresh & healthy
your lifestyle has completely changed after Fabiha's arrival, you are using Bluetooth
Anyways, try to visit me. I will wait for you
lets go, otherwise we'll be late. Be careful
hello!
thank God that you've picked up my call, otherwise I thought you might have flush me out of your life
Shall we talk about important thing, Hamza?
we shall discuss that but how, because you hide that from me
what do you mean?
I mean, if you had to take Arham's mother to the hospital then at least you could have informed me
I forgot to tell you in a hurry, I am sorry
Well, lets accept your sorry but... 
there is one punishment for it
and what is the punishment?
the punishment is that, tonight you have to go on a dinner with me
I've to go now, as aunty is calling me. I will talk to you later, Ok?
Okay...
hey listen
I want to say something to you
yes
I love you!
Hamza, I will call you later
Ok, bye!
lets go
how are you feeling now, mom?
All thanks to God, its much better now
you tell me, is everything fine?
yes, everything is fine. You tell me, are you taking the medicines on time?
yes yes...  medicines on time, food on time, sleep on time
Somya is very disciplined
its really good, and I am happy that everything is fine at your house
thank God its better
and look, you also take care not to say any such thing that either Arham or Somya shall mind
yes mom
and try to remove all the misunderstandings from Somya's heart
its very important
yes, take care. Bye!
Bye!
Done? Shall we go now?
wait, let me take tea
lets go
this is my favorite album
lets see, whether you can guess the right answer or not.
Who is this?
its Hadi
Hadi?
No, its Arham, this is Arham as well
until 3 years of age, Arham used to look exactly like Hadi
seriously! Look at this, my dear Arham
we had celebrated a very extravagant birthday when he was 5 years old
my dear son
He used to say, mom I will marry such a girl who will take very good care of you
then he got Sanaya
who is worried about her job
and my son is worried about me
only if I would have gotten a girl like you
then it would have been really good
right?
hey... 
I hope you haven't mind. I don't know what I had said. I just uttered whatever was there in my heart
I haven't mind it, aunty
and there is Sanaya, who minds all of my words
its my off time, Hamza must be on his way
yes, then make my tea & inject the insulin then you may leave
Sanaya... mom
Greetings!
quickly have some sweets
what's the matter, you are so happy. What happened?
just eat this first
but in what joy, at least tell me
I got a promotion
Thank God... All praise to God
I will eat it at night after the insulin, but feed Fabiha as well
please have
eat it dear, why are you feeling shy from the sweets?
Greetings mom!
what's the matter, and in what joy you've brought the sweetmeats?
your husband has been promoted
really! Its such a good news
congratulations!
and along with this, today I will be taking all of you on the dinner specially
what?
How will I go, you guys can go
what is this, aren't you happy?
why I wont be happy?
I was saying this because who will take care of me over there? Sanaya will be troubled for no reason
mom, I won't celebrate it without you & you now this very well
Ok, lets do one thing
lets take Fabiha along 
there must be someone to take care of me over there, right Fabiha?
yes, why not? I don't have any issue
Fabiha, you are ok with it?
what problem Fabiha would have?
Ask Sanaya, if she doesn't have any objection
No mom, what objection Sanaya would have?
in fact, it will be helpful for you so its better
yes, if Fabiha's family doesn't have any problem then she can come along with us
why she won't get the permission?
Fabiha, make me speak to your mother
she will agree upon my words
but aunty, today I have plans with Hamza. I have to go with him
You can make a plan with Hamza tomorrow once again, what's the big deal in it?
but aunty... 
alright then, I cannot go. You guy can continue with your plan
what is this?
I won't go without you
you can still celebrate it without me, but how will you manage it without Sanaya?
and if I will go, then she will be in trouble by taking care of me
let it be, you guys may go
don't worry, I don't have an objection while coming along
let me ask my mom once
yes, at least talk to her. And if she doesn't agrees then make me speak to her
I will convince her
Okay
See... 
girls are like her
who are ready to leave their happiness for the sake of the happiness of others
sometimes, its good to leave your happiness for others happiness
that's why I like this girl a lot
let me go change
hmm... 
hello! yes Fabiha, I am leaving from my house so I will reach to you within 10 minutes
no no Hamza, wait a minute listen to me. Don't come
why?
what happened, Fabiha?
Actually aunty is insisting a lot to accompany her for the dinner, so I couldn't refuse her
Fabiha, you are making an excuse right?
No Hamza, why would I make an excuse?
actually aunty had insisted for the very first time so I couldn't refuse her. We can go tomorrow as well
and for sure, you'll trap me in some excuse tomorrow as well
don't you trust me?
Fabiha, for now I am sure about your anger
Hamza please, I am not upset with you
I'm telling you that I will go with you tomorrow
Ok fine, but I won't hear any excuse from you tomorrow
you are going with me tomorrow, that's it!
ok fine, I am going now. Bye!
Okay
let me inform mom as well
don't make a flat bread for Fabiha
She is going on the dinner with Sanaya maam, so she'll come after having the dinner
I already had a doubt that she had lied to make a false excuse in the morning
and now, one more new excuse!
I've seen a 9 to 5 job
but mom, can you digest a job from 9:00 AM to 11:00 PM?
today is an excuse for dinner, then tomorrow an excuse about health issues & then everyday a new excuse
I have never seen such a job in my life, where a boss will come to drop her employee at home
mom, do you remember the taunt you had given me?
Dear, the beginning is from the excuses
now see, your dearest daughter's excuses have started
have you gone mad? What rubbish you are uttering?
Rubbish? Mom, I am saying an absolute correct thing
its just that you can ever tolerate to hear anything wrong about your dearest daughter
otherwise, tell me one thing honestly
whatever strictness you had done with me, why you haven't done that on Fabiha?
why she is independent, because she earns money?
I'm telling you, Mom, if you don't enforce all those strict rules on me, then you will be responsible for the consequences
one needs to be a little strict for saving their respect
and one has to bear a bit of strictness too
thank you dear, thank you!
Come, hey Fabiha how will you enter from here?
go, sit there
come on
are you guys fine?
what would you like to eat, mom?
first ask Fabiha, what she would like to eat. Tell us Fabiha
aunty, whatever is your choice
everyone is telling their choice, so you tell us yours
do order the same for me
Chinese rice & something with it
Okay
granny, dad & Fabiha aunty's choice is the same
Fabiha aunty will also eat dynamite chicken, right aunty?
Sanaya, what do you want to eat?
Sanaya?
order grilled chicken for me
and Fabiha you?
dynamite chicken
Okay
yes, so what my kids would like to eat?
dad, french fries with beef burger
Wow! My tiger and you... 
spaghetti...
very nice!
Okay
yes, have you note down the order?
mom, actually I...
I had told you not to come with this man
don't you understand?
you had lied to me in the morning as well
Does Hamza know about your hospital visit or not?
I am asking you, did you tell him or not?
No
Okay, so you are lying & making your mother a fool
Don't know why she is not attending the phone
Everything changed after Fabiha's arrival, right?
I mean, she has understood the kids very well
obviously, she spends the entire day with us at home
she takes very good care of me
've become so habitual of her that if I don't see her for one day, my entire day doesn't pass
I've become so relieved after her arrival
You'll see, even Hadia will feel so happy to meet you
dad, I want to go to the play area
we'll go there later, first have your dinner
Dad, please let's go. Mom, please tell Dad to come with us
Ok dear, Fabiha aunty will take you there. 
Fabiha, take the kids to the play area
I?
Yes, you!
go along with the kids and see the play area
go
lets go
go, come on run
be careful, don't hurt yourself. Ok?
Arham, call the kids; otherwise, the food will get cold. We'll start once they are here
yes mom
please sit, let me call them
No no, you start eating. Let me bring them
where are you going?
sit down, Arham has already gone
learn to trust your husband...
You won't be able to control him by following
men is very bountiful
And a woman's doubt makes him rebellious
I'm telling you an important thing, keep it in your mind
mom, I am your daughter-in-law
your son's wife... why do you forget that?
the way you forget that I am Arham's mother, the same way I forget that you...
are Arham's wife
Sanaya, your careless attitude has set me free from all the worries
Mothers become happy in their sons' happiness, Mom
isn't your sons' happiness dear to you?
Happiness doesn't only mean money, Sanaya
if we want to see someone happy
then we have to give them time as well
and you don't have it
And if one wants to make their place in their husband's heart
then that person had to take care of his mother
understand?
See...
if you are talking about Arham's happiness, then I am sitting here for his happiness
I hardly go anywhere though
but I came here, for the sake of Arham's happiness
by the way, you've said one thing absolutely correct Sanaya
everything changed because of Fabiha's arrival
hey come... be quick
come on... come, your dinner is served
come, start eating
play area...
how was it?
very nice...
was it really nice?
here you go. Come on start now
we are happy if the kids are happy
hello!
Greetings aunty!
Greetings!
Hamza, dear where are you?
I am at home. Why, what happened? Is everything fine?
yes, did you talk to Fabiha?
yes aunty, I had a word with her. She said to me that she will call me back once she'll be free but...
she didn't call me as of yet
she is not receiving my phone as well
Ok aunty don't worry, let me call her
dear, do let me know I am waiting. Ok?
Okay, I will let you know as soon as I talk to her
Okay, bye!
Fabiha, dear how will you go?
aunty, by auto rickshaw
No, how will go in the rickshaw so late night?
Arham will drop you; he will go to drop you after dropping us at home
yes mom
Okay
Fabiha, call Hamza
you can wait here until he comes to pick you
yes
Hamza is not attending the call, so let me take an auto rickshaw
Arham, I am telling you that you will drop her
you can drop her after dropping her, after all she is our responsibility
I won't let the girl go alone in the rickshaw so late night
Okay mom
yes
so many calls!
why she is not attending the call?
thank you!
for what?
for dropping me home
If you can take out some extra time for Mom for your job, then I can do this as well
well, congratulations for your promotion
thank you!
aunty was so happy today
yesterday I was talking to Sanaya that since Fabiha came, mom's mood stays good. Also her health stays good
She gets the medicines & insulin on time, everything is proper
so thank you!
don't embarrass me, aunty is just like my mother
I really like to spend time with her, I don't know when the day passes
Fabiha, if you don't mind then can I ask you a question?
yes, please ask
who else is there in your house, I mean brother... father
my mother, my elder sister & I... the eldest son of the house
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you
hey, no no why are you saying sorry?
Doesn't a woman have any life without a man?
We can only say that not everyone can pay respect to everyone
Otherwise, in this journey of my job, people had always tried to take advantage of me
It's only you who have saved the respect of this girl while it was about to get tarnished
thank you!
If you ever need me in your life, then do let me know for sure
I will be happy to help you
Sure
mom, actually I...
I had told you not to come with this man
don't you understand?
you had lied to me in the morning as well
Does Hamza know about your hospital visit or not?
I am asking you, did you tell him or not?
No
Okay, so you are lying & making your mother a fool
and Hamza! in order to hide your lie, he kept a veil on it
I am also so stupid, that I came into his words
and gave you the permission to go for the dinner
I wish... I wish, I would have done the job in your place
Then at least I didn't have to die out of fear of losing the honor on a daily basis
mom
I did a very big mistake.
I had made a grave mistake
by allowing you to do the job
Mom, listen...
you've got me insulted in front of Hamza
its not like that... 
you've got me humiliated
its not like that mom, at least listen to me once
don't you dare!
go...
go away from my sight
mom, at least listen to me once. There isn't any such thing as you are thinking
get lost from here. Get lost!
mom, compose yourself otherwise you'll get sick. Please sit
this girl will tarnish my image
she is a kid, gradually she will understand
when she will understand? When?
by the way, I got so tired today
Fabiha's house is also very far
hmm...
what happened?
I've noticed that you are very quiet today, also your mood was off at the restaurant too
does it make any difference to you?
it does, that's why I am asking
tell me, what's the matter?
I didn't like Fabiha's so much of involvement in our family
the way mom was talking to her, taking care of her, asking her
I felt so awkward
after all, she is a caretaker
she isn't our family member
I felt as if mom wanted to tell us that she is our family member
come on Sanaya, there isn't any such thing
don't divert your thinking towards the wrong path by thinking like this
the way you & I do the job, for our needs
the same way, Fabiha is also our need at this time
Ok tell me
What was the need to ask her what she wants to eat?
Whatever we were eating, she could have eaten the same
what was the need for mom to ask her specially?
What does Mom want to prove to me? What does she want to signify?
nothing Sanaya
she spends time with mom, takes care of her
she takes care of the kids, she takes care of everyone
She spends more time in this house than us
so its all normal
And she is not a bad girl; she is a nice girl who takes care of everyone
you should be happy that your responsibilities are shared now
she lives according to your orders, she does whatever you say to her
what's the problem then?
and why are you ruining your mood on this occasion?
everything is so good, mom was also happy
we have spent the time together after so many days
come on, give me a smile
thank you so much
for supporting me
Sanaya, wherever I am today its because of our hard work
I wouldn't have been here if you hadn't supported me
therefore, thank you!
and I love you!
I love you too
wipe your tears
here I am wiping your tears & you are showing me tantrums
do you realize now?
How hurt do you feel when another person slaps you, considering you wrong, even though you were right?
Do you understand now how much I have suffered?
I've been through so much pain
sister, I had called Hamza so many times but he didn't answered even once.
so, what is my fault in it?
How could I have come alone at this hour of the night?
I was compelled to come with Arham
that's what I am trying to explain you, Fabiha
when the time is against you, then nobody supports you
look at me
I had fought my battle all alone
without any relation or love
I have supported you in every step, sister.
I did whatever you asked me to do
For your sake, I got trapped in such a person's plan where I had to save my respect. What else could I have done?
but Fabiha, I was completely alone
mom doesn't listens to me at all
I have done everything in my defence
now its your turn
according to you, you were standing with me but sorry to say
right now, you are completely alone
sister, a lonely person can go too far
Neither does that person have the fear of getting separated from anyone
Nor does that person have any hope from anyone