I was about to divorce Sanaya 
and during that her mother got a heart attack
her mother died because of me, Fabiha
I took way everything from Sanaya
I did such a grave mistake 
I don't understand anything Fabiha..
that how shall I gather everything?
Sanaya... kids
 I have ruined everyone's life
what's wrong with you Arham, gather yourself I am with you
 Sanaya needs me Fabiha
I should be with her
if Sanaya's sympathy remains in his heart in the same manner, then one day she will be present in this house
you need to do something before that, Fabiha
you will be saved from a woman's curse, Fabiha 
but how will you be saved from a mother's curse?
And think about those kids whose father has left them.
dear look, a loan is returned
and Arham is a loan for you from Sanaya 
always remember that
what's wrong Fabiha? Why are you taking your mother's words to your heart?
My fate is like a shining star, whose brightness can never dim
neither I have snatched anything from anyone, nor I will let anyone snatch anything from me
I am Arham's wife
only I have the right on Arham & his belongings
hello!
Farooq, the boss is not attending my phone. Just tell him that I won't come to office today
I have sent him a voice note already, but do tell him
thank you!
Hadi
Hadi?
why are you sleeping here?
Fabiha
Fabiha
what happened?
why are you sleeping here in such a hot environment?
what happened, Arham?
Hadi
why Hadi is sleeping here?
I had made him sleep upstairs, Hadi what are you doing here?
No
dear, when Fabiha aunty had made you sleep upstairs then why you came here?
I am so hungry, Dad. Fabiha aunty didn't give me anything the entire night
Fabiha?
come, let me give you breakfast
leave it
I am giving him the breakfast he is hungry. Go in your room & relax. I will make him do the breakfast
don't you understand once? How many times I have told you not to say such things in front of your dad
If you do this next time, I will oust you from this house, and I will get your father to beat you
you will remember it for life time, come on get up
Hamza, shall we go?
lets go dear
are you going somewhere?
yes
where are you going?
its Sanaya's mother's funeral, so I am going there
did you make Hadi do the breakfast?
yes, he did it
Fabiha, do one thing. Get Hadi ready, he will go with me
Okay, but you didn't tell me that you are going
so I've told you now
please get Hadi ready
Arham, do you also think that all of this happened because of me?
that your family got ruined because of me?
its not like that, Fabiha
then why are you so rude with me?
why do I feel from your behavior that you also feel that all of this happened because of me
why am I seeing myself as a criminal in your eyes?
you are thinking wrong, Fabiha
neither I have said any such thing to you, nor I am thinking that way
I just regret on my mistake
and what is that mistake?
Say it, what is that mistake? Marrying me!
I don't see any other mistake of yours except for this
its not like that, Fabiha
it is like that, Arham
its exactly like that! It wasn't only the fault of the time
it was my fault as well that I came into your words
Mom, lunch is ready. I have prepared potatoes and bottle gourd vegetables. You like them, right?
yes, I do like it a lot
I miss Fabiha by seeing this curry, she loves to eat this as well
mom, honestly speaking after seeing Fabiha's house I was so amazed
All praise to God, she got the luxuries of a princess
what's the use of such a government?
For which you always stay afraid that it can be snatched away anytime
God forbid mom, what are you saying?
if there will be any problem in her house, then eventually she will come back here
have you forgotten, what a chaos & drama was created in our neighborhood
you should pray that she shall always stay blessed in her house
as it is, what will happen to me if she comes back
what are you blabbering?
nothing mom
listen! Now don't discuss anything about her house in front of Hamza. There is no need to
Why its not needed? Do you know, Hamza is still in Fabiha's grief
he should know that now Fabiha is happy & set in her life
Farheen, you'll get beatings from me. I told you that there is no need to so keep your mouth shut. Understand?
I don't understand what is your problem. You always pressurize me for everything
Fabiha has given her so many griefs that I don't want her to get hurt again after listening about her
understand?
what's the use of me saying anything? You hardly trust me
yes! as if you have fulfilled a lot of promises that I shall trust you again
She just sits & talks rubbish!
how is my daughter?
absolutely fine
Junaid, at least tolerate me for the kids
see...
I will never forget that you are the reason of my mother's death
and its better for you to leave before creating any drama
I will leave in a while
I won't tolerate you even for a second
neither in this house, nor in my sister's life
What kind of relationship are you trying to nurture after mentioning the word 'divorce'?
its a funeral house
there is no need to argue with him right now, please be careful
tell him to leave from here, get lost from here right away
uncle
please don't oust my dad
Sister, please try to make Junaid understand that our relationship is still intact
don't stay in this delusion that you have any sort of relation left with this house
now I won't let this relation stay intact, understand?
I am the wall between you & my sister
don't forget that you have not only hurt my sister, but my mother too
lets go Junaid
leave it, lets go
come
be careful Junaid
why he came here?
are you angry with your dad?
a little bit
I'm sorry dear
dad made a mistake
its ok dad, everyone makes a mistake
I have accepted your sorry
now accept mom's sorry as well & take us away from here
the child whom you had left like an orphan on the road
I ma tolerating you for her
I don't have to say it again
do leave from here immediately, Ok?
mom, mom...
with whom you came, Hadi?
with dad
let me call Hareem right away
mom, were you missing me?
dad has brought me so that I can meet you
mom always miss you, dear
where is Hareem?
She is upstairs. Go, go to your sister
I'm coming
hey Hamza, you are here. Didn't you go to the office?
I had gone to the office, but I had an outdoor work today
so I thought to come & ask about your well-being
my well-being is just an excuse
The entire problem lies with your heart, which must have been restless since last night. I know
maybe that's why I come to you, Farheen
because you understand what's there in my heart without even saying
Hamza, say it that you come here to erase Fabiha's memories
you are appeasing your heart with me
what are you saying?
the same that I had felt
otherwise tell me, have you ever asked me that how I am?
am I happy or not? Why I haven't got married as of yet
No..
our discussion always starts on Fabiha & ends on her
who is very happy in her house
Sorry, not a house but she lives in a palace
do you know, her kitchen is way too bigger than our entire house
big rooms, big terrace, even her store is bigger than my room
here we are swerving for love & there she has everything, a bungalow, luxuries etc..
also big cars
Here, we have each other's faces to see and hear each other's taunts
and who told you off?
by the way Farheen tell me something honestly
why you haven't got married till date?
because I didn't find a guy like you
yes, true that. You can never get a guy like me
I completely trust my fate, understand
yes, I also have. And you should be trusting your fate as well
And Farheen, I pray that you may get whatever you want
and yes, if you ever need any of my help in this matter then I am here
say it to me without any hesitation
really?
don't refuse on the right time
I promise you
okay
Will you make me keep standing here like this? There is no longer any ritual to serve the guest in this house
make me a cup of tea
and where is aunty?
mom is inside, come let me make some tea
do as I am asking you to do, nobody shall get to know anything
but what if dad shouts again then?
talk slowly
nothing will happen, Hadi
everything will be fine. Just do as I am asking you to do
by the way, what do I have to do?
take good care of yourself, Ok?
I will come again, bye!
Hadi...
Hadi
Sanaya, Sameena aunty is leaving. Meet her
yes?
sister, where is Hadi?
he must be upstairs with the kids, let me check. Meanwhile you sit inside
don't tell anyone, else I won't talk to you
I will tell...
I will tell
don't tell
I will tell
don't tell else I will...
I will tell, I will tell...
please don't tell
No no... I will tell
Hareem, Hadi...
I will tell
what are you guys doing here?
nothing! We were just playing hide & seek
No, we were playing tap & run
hey...
mom, come with me
Hareem
please get me that Elsa
Hareem, listen to me
please come, I want it
mom, its there. Give it to me
Hareem!
Hareem, listen to me
this is not the right time to play with Elsa, do you know how many guests are there downstairs?
its just a matter of 5 minutes, please give me
No Hareem, you cannot play with Elsa right now. So don't insist
where were you? I've been looking for you since so long
I was upstairs
Why are you barefoot? Where are your slippers?
they are inside the room under the bed
really? go & wear them then we'll go home
You also come along with me
No, I won't come. Bring them & wear, then we'll leave
Fine, then I will go barefoot
Okay, I am coming along
how many times I have told you that you should not stay barefoot
why aren't you giving it to me?
don't insist! dear, don't insist & annoy your mom. Ok? No, you cannot play now
now both of you will shake hands with each other
Now end this anger
dad
say sorry to mom
say sorry to mom
I'm sorry, Sanaya
Yaay! mom & dad became friends with each other
yes!
mom, will you come with us now?
dear, you know
Just now, your granny has died
and right now, your uncle, Anaya & your aunty needs me a lot
You guys can go with your dad; mom will come later
but how will I go without you?
and yes! dad has already said sorry to you
please mom, lets go
I will come later, but not now. Ok?
please mom, lets go
we'll go
now both of you shall go, come on
they are children, Arham
don't take their words seriously
and don't ever think that I will come along with you
Sanaya, I do have an idea of your griefs
I know what you had to tolerate
but Sanaya, you also know me. I am emotional since always
I make decision, whether right or wrong. But I don't realize
after a long time I get to know that
it was wrong
I'm sorry Sanaya, because of me...
I don't need your apologies, Arham
We seek forgiveness from the place from which we hope to receive it
today on wards, don't keep any sort of hope from this house
I don't want you to keep burning in the fire of my hatred always
Sanaya, you always used to say that if a person realizes his mistake then
A mistake doesn't remain a mistake
there is a difference between a mistake & a sin, Arham
you did second marriage, it was your mistake
but you broke my heart & that's a sin
I will not forgive you for the rest of my life because of that
hello, greetings mom!
Greetings! How are you?
do one thing, tell Arham to bring some fruits & juices for you
it would be better for you in this condition
Fabiha
hey, are you listening to what I am saying?
yes mom, I am listening
where is your attention? Is everything fine?
yes, everything is fine
ok tell me, what I have said to you?
what's the matter, are you worried?
Mom, Arham has been with Sanaya for so long. I have been waiting for him for a long time
I am so restless that I can't tell you. She got a chance to spend time with Arham under the excuse of her mother's death
he is with her since then
hey! since when your thinking has become so negative?
Sanaya is also her wife, she also have some right on Arham
no right is left anymore mom, he has divorced her
only one is left & soon it will be done
what!
that's what I am afraid of mom. If the relation would have ended completely then I would have been at peace too
If she comes back for real, it would be a big issue for me, Mom
what shall I say to you, dear?
Fabiha
hello! Hello?
what is this problem!
what happened, all good?
yes, I was just waiting for you
what happened?
are you ok? Sit here. Would you like to drink water?
Hadi, go bring water
I was feeling a bit dizzy
one second, drink some water. Hadi, bring water
here, drink some water
is it better?
I am fine
Sure? Else lets go to the doctor
No no, I am fine
with whom you were talking on the phone?
I was talking to my mother
I wasn't feeling well, and there was nobody at home, so I thought to talk to her
I didn't find appropriate to disturb you
come, lets go in the room
come Hadi
compose yourself Sanaya
Sanaya
compose yourself Sanaya
After a lot had happened
Arham wants to just apologize and...
wants me to forget everything
as if I don't have a heart in my chest
he is a man
a man never values a woman's emotions
and he cannot control his emotions
why a woman has to tolerate everything?
all mistakes
why a woman is always at fault?
why a man forgets that
The woman whom he is bringing into his life is also a woman
in our society
there are two point of views of a man
he finds his mother, sister & daughter
always right
if he finds someone wrong, then its a wife
if you keep agreeing with your mother-in-law & sister-in-law then everything goes fine
I agreed with them, I also did the same, but what did I get?
Disloyalty
Loneliness...
mom...
mom
oh my mother
how will I live without my mother
how will I live without my mother
show some courage Sanaya, please
mom...