I know all that why you are worried
Such a big incident had happened in your life, and you couldn't tell Sister Fabiha
because she is not attending your call, right?
I am your sister
I know you very well that until you won't tell your issues to sister Fabiha. you won't be relieved
what shall I do, Aliya
I have become habitual of her, along with her love
and you think that all this is right?
I have gone too far from the decision of right or wrong
now I just keep on thinking, how to keep her happy and how to take care of her
its difficult
anyways, listen to me & try to hang out with your friends
If you spend time with them, your habits will change, and you'll also enjoy your life more
look at Sanaya, she is an ordinary looking girl but she is living in luxuries after marrying Arham
why can't you live in luxuries then?
how do you find Arham?
where were you?
yes?
I am asking you, where were you?
Actually I was... 
I was inside the washing area
I went to put Sir Arham's clothes on the line, as I had washed them in the morning
Okay, I thought maybe you had forgotten your phone here. You were getting a call from Hamza
still you are getting his call, pick it up. There might be some emergency
pick it
hello Hamza
thank God that you have received the phone, I have been trying to call you since so long
Hamza, I will call you back after going home. Bye!
what are you doing here? Do you want something?
No, I don't want anything. Actually I am going to the market, do let me know if you need anything
No, I don't need anything but do ask Fabiha if she needs mom's insulin
yes, okay
Fabiha, come.. let me drop you
No, its ok I will manage
please, I insist. Come, let me drop you. Please
Okay
I'm sorry, today you were about to get caught because of me
No no, I should be saying thanks to you
because today, you had saved me from Sanaya
otherwise, I would have opened the door by thinking that Sanaya will believe on my words
anyways, thank God that we got saved from this situation
honestly speaking... 
I got scared for a bit
you get scared as well?
obviously! Every husband is scared of his wife
hmm... 
true that
here comes your house
please come inside, drink tea
No no, next time. Thank you!
Okay, bye!
hey... 
enough of this work
what are your plans?
I thought to clear all your complaints today
coffee
hmm... 
Sanaya, your phone
oh!
Arham, its a call from my office
I'm so sorry
I am coming in just 2 minutes, Ok?
hello!
yes
coffee
Arham
Arham, wake up
Arham
Arham
switch off the lights & go to sleep
I have to go to the office tomorrow morning
honestly speaking, I would have made you my daughter-in-law. As I like you so much
Does Sir Arham also like me?
If my luck had given me a chance, would I have become the daughter-in-law of that house in reality?
Won't the walls of status be higher for me?
why life does this with us?
The path which is closed leads to the destination
Fabiha
Fabiha
in which thoughts you are lost?
nothing, I was thinking about you
I am worried
that's a different matter
but... right now you rare hiding your worries in my worries
its not like that, sister
If it were in my control, I would have kept all the happiness of this world at your feet
now I have accepted whatever is written in my fate
no happiness of this world can lessen this grief of mine, Fabiha
Speak up
Fabiha, actually you had said to me that you'll call me back
But maybe you had forgotten; that's why I had called you myself
tell me, I am listening
Fabiha, I've been fired from my job
and I have to pay 10 lac rupees within 2 months time, else they will file a case against me
and how will you pay such a hefty amount?
I have to sell the house
Fabiha, why are you quiet?
Hello?
a person who doesn't even have a job of 50,000 rupees
how will he take care of your responsibility, Fabiha?
Today, he lost his job
tomorrow, he will loose his house
what will Hamza be left to give me?
Hadi, how am I drawing?
very nice
you are also making very nice
hmm... its looking really good
Wow! You've made it very nicely
what is this happening?
I had made you guys sleep, so what is happening now?
Mom, we are making friendship cards for Fabiha aunty
as its a friend's day tomorrow
how is it, mom?
its nice
mom, do you know. Fabiha aunty has become our best friend
Do both of you like Aunt Fabiha?
very much!
yes
hmm... 
what do you like about Fabiha aunty?
she plays with us
she feeds us the food from her hands
your mother also do that
mom
you only feed us on Sunday
rest of the days you are busy in office
mom, now tell me how does it look?
and Hadi.. look at Hadi's. Is this some drawing? So bad
huh!
Enough now!
no mom, please mom...
enough!
Hareem
pack this all
come on now, go to sleep. Leave it
honestly speaking, I would have made you my daughter-in-law. As I like you so much
you are looking pretty
just like that
Hamza has come; he is waiting for you outside
Hamza?
and where is mom?
she is also sitting with him, waiting
I have to go with Hamza if I go outside
Fabiha, if you don't want to go with him then go & clearly refuse
what's there to be scared about?
As it is, one needs to be a bit rebellious in order to make a few decisions in life
its better to tell him off once, instead of making excuses on daily basis
what are you thinking now? Go, tell him
hey, you had asked me for this shirt at night
you hardly have time for me, that's why I have pressed it myself
Arham
I'm so sorry for the last night
there is no need to apologize, I understand
Arham, Arham... please, I know why you are upset with me. I try to end my work at office
but its a job, and eventually I get some work or the other
please try to understand
its your duty to manage it, the work as well as the house
that's why I was saying that I shall leave the job
why do you tell me about the job again & again? Are you doing any favor on me?
No no, please there isn't any such thing. You are taking me wrong
I am considering it right
even your family isn't happy, since I got a promotion
also your thinking got changed
there isn't any such thing, in fact my mother was so happy to hear about your promotion
I know she must have given you this suggestion of leaving the job as well
Stop it please! Where are you taking this matter?
I am just trying to know the truth
The truth is that my family hasn't said anything. Whether to leave or continue the job will be my own choice.
and you don't want to me to leave the job, so end of discussion
the discussion is not ended. Not at all!
I need to find out
Arham
why, what happened?
Sanaya, just answer me about whatever I am asking
did you gave an insulin shot to mom last night or not?
yes, I did
stop it Sanaya, how much more you'll lie?
every time you falsify my mother
one carelessness after another, there is a limit of everything!
Arham!
Thank God that Fabiha came on the right time, else don't know what would have happened
let me tell you one thing
if anything happened to my mother
then nobody will be as bad as me
yes yes, everything is fine at home
and then, I have you & mom along with your prayers. So what kind of a tension then?
Fabiha, dear come quickly. Hamza is here to pick you
shall we go, Fabiha?
no
what do you mean by no?
I will go myself, mom
Fabiha, let me drop you
Hamza, sop worrying about me & worry about your job. Because you need it more
Job? Why... have you lost your job?
Yes, Mom, they have fired him from the job due to embezzlement and fined him 10 lakh rupees
Embezzlement
I can't believe that Hamza would have done any embezzlement
mom, nothing will happen by your advocacy
he doesn't have a job, yet there are many expenses & responsibilities
and then in order to drop me he needs to spend on the petrol too
I cannot become a burden on him anymore, therefore I will go myself
Bye!
Fabiha
Fabiha wait
Fabiha wait...
Fabiha
Fabiha wait...
Fabiha, listen to me
Greetings!*
Fabiha
yes maam
please check on the kids lunch today, as I will get a bit late
and do leave a bit late, until Hadi doesn't comes back from his Karate class
he takes a shower after coming back from his class, I have kept his clothes
rest you can see
here you go, dear
drink some water
did you talk to Mr. Jamal?
what did he said about the money?
for now, we don't have any other option than selling this house
dear, its such an old house built on 700 sq feet
in what amount it will get sold?
and then you'll pay them 10 lac rupees, what will we be left with?
I have to get you married in the future, as well as Hania
dear, we need to take the decisions wisely not emotionally
mom, I am trying my best that this house shall not get sold
but if we cannot find any other way out then
we have to take this step
there is one solution
what is the solution, mom?
The house where Fabiha works, they are quite a rich family
if you will talk to them
then they'll give you & then we'll return them on monthly basis
what are you saying, mom? What's wrong with you?
how can I take money from Fabiha?
my self-respect doesn't allow me to ask for the money from my to-be wife
there isn't any harm in it though
dear, a life is spent in the same manner by living together
mom, you must be thinking this way
but why Fabiha will marry such a person, who is living on her earning?
she is my responsibility, I am not her responsibility!
dear, even you had given many sacrifices for Fabiha
and the relations becomes strong by giving sacrifices
at least try talking to her
listen to me & talk to her
aunty, I've brought your tea 
aunty
aunty, get up. Its quite late now
aunty, why your hand is...
you are so cold
aunty
what happened, aunty?
tell me
aunty, open your mouth
aunty
say something
aunty you... 
oh!
aunty is really not well
hello!
Sir Arham, aunty is very sick. What shall I do?
what happened to mom?
she is not giving any response, she is not opening her mouth or eyes
she is not talking, what shall I do?
I think her sugar got low. Give her an insulin shot along with a bread slice
I am coming
insulin?
Okay
aunty, I have given you an insulin shot. Soon, you will be fine
aunty
try to drink some water, here
aunty
you will be completely fine if you will drink water
yes, okay
Did you have dinner last night?
hmm... 
Did you have dinner last night?
I don't know
Did you take your insulin shot?
No
No, I did not
let me bring something for you to eat. You will get better after eating it, Ok?
let me bring toast for you
Greetings!
your mother is not well, she is resting
mom! What happened, why are you lying like this?
Hadia...
I think they forgot to give her an insulin shot last night and dinner as well. Just now I have given her an insulin shot
its sister Sanaya's responsibility to give her an insulin shot at night
I am bringing something for you to eat right away. Ok?
yes Hadia?
brother, where are you?
I am going home, as mom..
do you know about mom's condition?
Your wife was given only one responsibility: to give insulin shots to Mom at night, and she isn't even doing that
its not like that Hadia
it cannot happen that Sanaya had missed her night insulin
really! So am I lying? Have you seen mom's condition?
you might have complete trust on your wife, but I don't!
that poor Fabiha is way better than her, at least she care about our mother
I must say, whatever amount you pay her increase it & give her the responsibility of night's insulin as well
at least our mother will stay alive
tell me, it will become our desire to see our mother alive
Hadia, I am just going home. I will talk to you later
quickly go, And I won't tolerate any single carelessness in my mom's matter
ok dear, its enough
I am fine now
now you may go & look after your other work, Ok?
absolutely not! You are most important right now
we can do the other work later
how are you feeling now?
thank God dear, I am fine now
until she is here
until then nothing will happen to me
its just that you have to be thankful to her for your entire life
today, your mother is alive because of her
otherwise...
Sanaya hadn't left any chance to kill me
Mom, didn't Sanaya give you an insulin shot at night?
She might have not given me dinner as well
Maybe she had forgotten to give her an insulin shot due to her office tension
I don't understand, how will Hamza return such a hefty amount
Mom, he has to return the money if he has stolen them
Farheen
I can't believe that Hamza can do any such thing
oh mom! he won't tell you before doing it
They might have gotten some proof against him; that's why they fired him from such a long-term job
remember one thing
A naive person is one who never got any chance
how can Hamza do this? He is such a pious guy
Even I used to consider Haris so pious, the way you think about Hamza
But don't get deceived like me
Fabiha's life is at stake and ten lacs is not a small amount
No
Hamza cannot deceive
by the way mom, these peas are very sweet
don't eat uncooked, else it will give you a stomachache
don't worry sir, I have sent the quotation along with the map
Okay, thank you!
excuse me, sir
yes yes, sure
yes Arham?
Sanaya, did you gave an insulin shot to mom last night?
why, what happened?
Sanaya, just answer me about whatever I am asking
did you gave an insulin shot to mom last night or not?
yes, I did
stop it Sanaya, how much more you'll lie?
every time you falsify my mother
one carelessness after another, there is a limit of everything!
Arham!
Thank God that Fabiha came on the right time, else don't know what would have happened
let me tell you one thing
if anything happened to my mother
then nobody will be as bad as me
don't you believe my words?
you've lost this trust yourself
and my mother is also right
a woman who doesn't have time to give me, how will she take care of my mother!
Arham...
yes sir
everything is ok?
yes sir, everything is fine
So sir, I was telling you that I have sent the quotation as well as the map
as soon as I will get any reply from their side, I will let you know
Ok
mom, you had scared me
I thought you are really very sick
oh God!
mom, there is no use of your dramas
it will be beneficial Hadia, for sure
let me see until when Ms. Sanaya will feel proud of her luck
and this time, I've decided
I will ensure to remove her from Arham's life
its not so easy, mom
brother Arham is completely in his wife's control
and no matter what you do, you can snatch a husband from a wife but...
you cannot snatch a father from their children
brother Arham will always stay as a shared person
and now, how can you think that any girl would like to enter in the life of a shared person?
By the way, I shouldn't be saying this but...
If you want to use any girl to distance Brother Arham from his wife
and get him married, then that girl should have some caliber.
I've seen Fabiha
 She is just good-looking; she doesn't have any other qualities
Hadia, you are talking about marriage, but I haven't thought about any such thing.
what do you mean?
I mean, we just need to set up a trap
the way we use to catch fish, so now...
the actual motive is to remove Sanaya from Arham's life, nothing else
I see...
wow mom! You are so far-sighted
I swear, I haven't thought about so far though
Okay, tell me, even if Fabiha agreed by any means, then how will you bring her close to Brother Arham?
we just need to provoke a man's nature, he melts down like an ice
And what about the time when it comes to separating them?
we'll see that later
you may see that mom
What if your conspiracy turns against you and we get into trouble?
right now the only possible solution of our problems is Fabiha
I am waiting for that time
when Arham & Fabiha will come closer
Fabiha
Fabiha, come in dear. Come on
okay then, bye!
please come dear, sit down
Have you heard my discussion with Hadia?
No, I haven't heard anything
ok, look here
now tell me
you haven't heard anything?
its not possible
why?
why its not possible? Everything is possible, if you want. Nothing is impossible
and why do you want this to happen?
A mother, whose son lives a suffocating life in front of her on a daily basis
and in order to make his wife & children happy
he has forgotten to smile
if his mother...
wants to see him smiling, & bring back his happiness then what's wrong in it?
tell me!
is second marriage a sin?
and what problem do you have?
everything is here, whatever you want from life
we have a house, cars, wealth..
you have my support
you are in search of a destination
And my son is in search of happiness
the destination is here, the happiness is here
its just...
we need to make the right decision on the right time
Understand?
and what about Arham
a man makes a decision upon a woman's intention
and what Arham wants
nobody knows that better than me
I am here
you just have to take action