Say what is in your heart.
Maybe that will help in reducing distances.
What will you say?
Me?
Yes it's you Fabeeha.
Haniya control yourself.
Brother
Mom
Haniya
Stop crying.
Why this happened brother?
Stop it my dear.
You are mom's brave child.
Don't cry like this. Stop.
Control yourself.
Funeral will be held after Zuhr prayer.
Hamza
You are badly injured.
Do I apply ointment?
That ointment won't help Farheen. Leave me alone.
Just leave.
Let me apply ointment then I will leave.
As I told you
I don't need anything.
I don't need anyone's condolence.
When life didn't show any mercy on me then you don't need to do that as well. Leave.
Hamza I can understand.
But being a human it's my duty to apply ointment on your wounds.
Don't argue.
As I told you, just go.
Just leave.
Just leave.
Just leave, please.
Sympathy doesn't require any relation.
It's alright that you have changed but you have just killed the humanity.
Now what have I done?
What had to happen has happened. Now these arguments are useless.
Police has badly beaten Hamza.
He has bruises all over his body, I went there to apply ointment but he didn't listen to me.
You should try, maybe he allow you to do so.
I know him, he won't listen to anyone.
Fabeeha, fresh air is necessary to breathe.
He has lost his mother along with you.
Now your companionship can bring him back to life.
Only you can control him at the moment.
Rest is up to you.
I admit that I am weak but I am not selfish.
I can't ruin other woman's house.
Where is first aid box?
Do my pain and sorrows make any difference to you?
What do you think?
It does, that's why you are sitting with me.
Have you eaten meal?
My mom used to feed me, now she is gone so I am dependent on others.
Hamza I am very sorry about aunt's demise.
But the truth is that no one can stay with us for ever.
But you will stay with me for ever Fabeeha. Right?
Will you?
Won't you leave me?
Don't think that much, we will see when the right time will come.
Fabeeha
Why do I feel that you are not leaving my room but you are leaving my life.
Hamza we will talk about it later.
Fabeeha
You have done favor by arranging my bail.
But it's impossible to leave my life.
What are you thinking by sitting here alone?
You haven't slept yet?
As you know that I can't sleep without you.
And if you will have to live and sleep without me then?
That day will never come.
You said it today
Next time don't even think about it that I can live without you.
Arham
I also trust even on your breath.
That they won't betray me.
I can't say anything about my breath but why do you trust me that much?
Yes
And this trust makes a relation very strong.
And I am sure
That you won't give my right to anyone else.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you too.
Haniya drink water.
Pray for aunt's eternal peace.
If brother had come a bit earlier then my mom would have been alive.
She left us because she was missing his son.
Control yourself. Drink water.
Haniya you haven't eaten since yesterday. Eat something.
I don't need your fake sympathy.
My brother can be blind folded in your love but not me.
Go away.
What happened my child?
Haniya this is not the right time for such discussion. Eat something
Before I forget everything and misbehave with you, just go away.
What happened? What are you talking about?
If possible, then ask for forgiveness of your sins in front of God.
What have I done that you are saying this.
You have killed my mother.
She didn't die, she was killed.
My mother's funeral is over.
Now you have fulfilled formality. Now just get lost.
Just leave before I forget everything.
Haniya
Just leave.
What are you doing? Everyone is watching us.
Just go away.
Get lost from here. You are presence is not required here.
Haniya
Leave me.
What happened.
What happened Haniya? What are you doing?
Why can't you see her wrong doings?
She has ruined our house.
No Haniya, control yourself. It's not her fault. What has she done?
Tell her that she don't come here ever again.
Haniya, keep quiet.
No Fabeeha. Stop, you can't go like this.
Let me go Hamza. I am leaving.
No Fabeeha
You can't go like this.
I can't bear any more humiliation. Leave me.
Fabeeha please listen to me.
Fabeeha
I am very sorry.
How did that happen so suddenly?
As long as I know, she was perfectly alright.
That was her bad luck.
The accusation of theft on her son took her life.
I am so sorry Hamza that I couldn't do anything for you.
It's not your fault mam.
It was my bad luck.
You came here for condolence, it's enough to prove my innocence.
But you have to show courage at the moment.
You have to take care of responsibilities of this house and your sister and Fabeeha is also your responsibility.
Mam, I have a request.
Yes go ahead.
If you can talk on my behalf to give me some respite so much so that I can sell my house to repay my debt.
Don't worry, I will talk to them.
Shall we go Sanaya?
Yes.
I am waiting for you in car.
OK
Take care of yourself.
Farheen, give him something to eat. He hasn't eaten anything since last night.
OK mom.
Now what would you say? Did you see your daughter's worth in her in-laws' house and you force me to take care of Hamza.
She has pushed me out of her house. What will she do after marriage?
You have been humiliated because of your mistakes.
My mistake? What have I done wrong?
I am facing consequences of that debt till now and I don't know how long will I face that.
You should admit your mistake.
But why?
If sir Arham hadn't given me that amount then your daughter couldn't save her dignity and honor.
If we shouldn't forget our bad times in the same way we shouldn't forget someone's favor.
At least you should think about me.
Please acknowledge my sacrifices, I beg in front of you
If you won't support me then how can I become strong. I will be humiliated if you won't do that.
And what Haniya has done to me today
That is unbearable.
So, don't have any hopes from me.
How dare you? Get out of my house.
Get out of my house, right now, right away.
Sanaya
Sanaya
Didn't you listen? Get out of my house.
Get out.
Mom, let me inject insulin first then I will bring dinner for you.
Why?
Won't you serve dinner on dining table? Arham will also eat.
Or
You don't like me to spend some time with Arham
Arham doesn't want to eat and children are at mom's house so I am not serving dinner at dining table.
Hmm, Arham doesn't eat without children.
You would know if you were a good wife.
But you just want everyone to be a puppet.
You can think whatever you want. I can't do anything.
Whatever I am doing, I am doing that as my duty.
It's very difficult for me to live my life according to your thoughts.
And tell me about my thoughts.
Do you know, what do I think?
From the very first day, I was against your job.
But you didn't listen to me and you did what you wanted to do.
OK do that.
I don't care.
But that will make difference to you.
Whether you will quit job or continue, you will regret.
You will regret and then you will admit one day that my mother-in-law was absolutely right.
Let me bring dinner for you.
You will regret.
Did you see, how Haniya was misbehaving with me?
That's why no one attended aunt's funeral today.
I think no one likes them because of that.
Stop it Fabeeha
At least spare the deceased one.
But why?
Didn't you see, how was she taunting me as if I have killed her mother.
And that is the truth.
You can lie to anyone but you can't lie to me.
Haniya was right that if Hamza was released on time then aunt would have been alive today but no
You went with Arham instead of making arrangement for Hamza's release.
Hamza doesn't know that you didn't make arrangement for his bail.
I don't care if Hamza knows about that.
But Hamza will take some time to understand this. At the moment he is expecting good from you but you are doing wrong to him.
Why are you sympathetic towards him. You were the one who was advising me.
Because it's time to condole not to show selfishness.
I really feel pity for Hamza and I am surprised that why aren't you feeling that being a human.
If you share his sorrow by forgetting your happiness for a while then your happiness won't go away.
Eat meal.
I am not feeling hungry. You eat.
Waiting for someone kills a person.
And I don't have anyone except you now.
I know that whom are you waiting for. Don't do that.
You shouldn't have talked to Fabeeha like that Haniya.
She deserves that.
Haniya.
You don't know how many times I called her but she didn't receive a single call.
If she had received my call then my mother would have been alive today.
I am sitting in front of you because of her.
No, you are not here because of her. You are here because of sister Farheen.
If she hadn't called her boss then you wouldn't be here.
But if you think that I am wrong then I will apologize.
Eat meal.
You eat it, I am not feeling hungry.
You know that me and mom didn't eat until you eat with us so how can I eat now.
Come on
As I said, eat.
Brother, eat it.
OK, don't be angry and eat meal.
Please
Why did you wear this shirt? I was pressing this one for you.
I was getting late for office that's why I wore this one.
But you don't like this color.
Our liking changes with the passage of time.
It's not necessary that I stick to same thing all the time.
What's the matter Arham? I have been noticing you since last few days that your behavior has been changed.
You neither eat well, nor you talk to me and sometime you don't even sleep.
Sanaya don't focus on me.
Otherwise you will be entangled in such misconceptions.
What happened to him.
Here is your coffee.
Have you injected mom's insulin.
Yes I injected that. She told me that she is not feeling well so she wants to take some rest.
Did you check her fever?
Yes I did. She doesn't have any fever.
OK Arham, I am leaving, I am getting late. Don't forget to pick children from school. Bye.
Oh God, Jabbar, open the door quickly.
You didn't respond to my message last night.
Which message?
That will you support me or not?
Why should I support you?
What can you do for me?
Whatever you will ask me to do.
As you will ask me to do.
Whatever I want.
Tell me, what do you want?
Oh no Sanaya, what did you do.
I want to marry you.
Have you thought that what will people say?
I don't care about that. If you want then I can marry you.
If you want to hide that then we will do that but I need your consent.
I can't live without you.
How dare you?
Get out of my house.
Get out of my house. Right now, right away.
Sanaya
Sanaya
Didn't you listen?
Get out of my house.
Get out.
Sanaya listen to me.
Get out of here.
Sanaya.
Sanaya listen to me.
Get out of here.
Get out of my house.
Sanaya leave her.
Get out of here.
Sanaya listen to me once.
Get lost.
Get out of my house.
Sanaya don't create scene.
Get lost.
Sanaya.
Not a single word.
Damn
If you want to hide that then we will do that but I need your consent.
As you know that I can't sleep without you.
And if you will have to live and sleep without me then?
That will never happen.
Sanaya open the door. Sanaya listen to me.
Sanaya give me a chance to explain.
Sanaya open the door.
This is not right. You will have to listen to me.
Sanaya please.
Arham I don't want to talk to you.
Fabeeha
Fabeeha
Who is making noise. Come here.
Fabeeha
Sanaya
Give me a chance and listen to me once. Please.
Sanaya
Sanaya
Sanaya, where are you going?
Arham
Arham
Arham, what is going on? Why are you banging door?
Arham
Your whole plan is wiped out Fabeeha and Arham was just watching quietly without saying a single word in my favor.
His wife pushed me out of the house but Arham didn't even call me and ask me about my feelings.
He must be appeasing his wife.
But what will I do now?
It was not that easy to create distances between Sanaya and Arham as you thought of.
Sanaya please give me one chance. Don't do this. Don't leave house please.
Sanaya I have made a mistake, I admit that. Give me a chance and listen to me. Sanaya.
Sanaya give me a chance to explain. Please Sanaya.
I won't live here anymore.
Sanaya listen to me once.
Arham
Will anyone tell me that what is going on here. I am calling you continuously.
But no one listened. What is going on?
Where is she going?
Sanaya
I am asking something.
Tell me Sanaya, what is going on?
It would be better if you will ask your son.
I am asking you so tell me.
Don't tell her, it's our personal matter.
No it's not.
Your mother should know about that.
You want to listen. Right?
So listen
I can't stay in this house for a single second.
Because your son has decided to give my place to someone else.
That's it.
Not anymore.
Sanaya. Sanaya.