where is your husband, Sanaya?
I apologize, madam, but he has a very important meeting today and won't be able to join us
As you know, our school's rules require both parents to be present.
I know madam
actually...
Do you know how much parental ignorance can disturb children?
do you have any idea of it?
yes madam, I understand
No, you don't. Do you know how important a father is for children?
And the negative impact it will have on them?
You are his wife; you should try to make him understand
yes
Well, as usual, the parents are called every year to discuss the children's progress
And your children have always been at the top
But for the past few days, Hadi has been completely lost.
Since last semester, Hadi has been physically present in class, but mentally absent
His class teacher has complained to me
that he doesn't pay attention. He has been physically present, but mentally absent
he is quite disturbed
See, I have no concern with whatever issues are going on in your house
But the children are being negatively impacted because of it
See, if our school's children's progress is affected in any way, it becomes a point of humiliation for us
Ms. Sanaya, parental responsibility doesn't only mean sending them to school
They need to look after the kids, check their syllabus, and give them complete attention
Otherwise, their progress will continue to decline
the way Hadi's progress is declining
He gets frustrated with every issue and misbehaves with his teacher over the smallest things
Please look into this matter. Right now, it is crucial for both of you to pay attention to him
See, he will be completely fine if he gets attention.
 Do you understand my point?
yes madam, I am understanding
I will do my best to ensure Hadi's performance is not affected
that's great!
what about Hareem's progress, Madam?
yes, she is perfect
I will do my best to ensure you do not receive any complaints about Hadi
Thank you so much!
Thank you!
please sit
I got to know about your mother from Sanaya, sorry to hear about her Arham
My house doesn't feel like home since my mother's demise
true that
Well, Sanaya hasn't come for a long time, and she hasn't had her routine check-up either
yes, actually she is busy nowadays
Oh ok
I might have seen her somewhere
Um... she visited with Aunt Riffat once.
Yes, I think she was her caretaker. Did you bring her for the check-up?
yes, to her
that's so sweet of you Arham. You take very good care of your servants too
She is my wife
yes, she is my wife
I'm really sorry, I had no idea that the caretaker is your wife
Well, tell me what happened to her
nothing...
she is feeling dizzy
since when?
since today morning
Okay
Arham, please go out for a while. Meanwhile, let me check her
Ok
please sit here, I am coming
they will change your medicine, mom
are you fine?
number 42 is going on, & our number is 43
are you fine?
who is Asiya among you?
yes, she is my mother
Please come, we'll check your blood pressure first then we'll take you to the doctor
Somya, stay here. Let me go for mom's check up. Be careful
yes Shehla, did you call me?
yes Arham, please come in
is everything fine?
nothing to worry. But yes, she is going to be a mother
anyways, I am prescribing a few vitamins. Do give her on time
thank you!
hey sister Somya, you are here. Is everything fine?
We wouldn't be here if everything had been fine
I'm disappointed that these matters no longer seem to affect you
lets go, Fabiha
you go, I am coming in a minute
I intended to share this good news with Sanaya first
But anyway, it's fine. Since I met you, let me tell you
congratulate me
I am about to give Arham the happiness that completes a family
I wanted Sanaya and I to live together, from the bottom of my heart, but...
She wanted to oust me from Arham's house and life
Now, her way back is completely clear
Would you like to have the sweetmeats at our place, or should I send them to your house?
along with my husband's first wife!
It seems you couldn't sleep all night.
Even your eyes are swollen
and your hopes are breaking.
I told you to live peacefully but no
you liked to eat in a single plate
I'll do something in return if you plan to throw me out.
I left everything and caught on Arham's weakness.
You lost your husband because of your stupidity
and I told him to get this plot from you.
And we have to take a lot more now. Like this house,
the kids
and everything else
hello!
how are you, Shehla?
I am fine, but you tell me how are you doing?
I am absolutely fine
How can a woman be happy when her husband gets remarried?
Sanaya, you used to share your each & every matter with me
Then how could you hide such a big matter?
What could I have told you?
That the person with whom I had dreamed of sharing all my happiness...
His hatred has shattered me
And broken dreams have no interpretation
Neither do they get fulfilled by simply telling someone, nor do they start afresh by just sleeping again
but Sanaya, at least you could have lessen your heart's burden
If this heart has any burden, it's just two words: 'marriage.'
anyways, who told you?
Did Arham come to see you?
Yes, he just left
anything special?
No no, everything is fine
Okay
Bye!
hey Arham, you are here!
how are you?
All good, thanks to God
We didn't see you at the parents' meeting today. Sister Sanaya was alone
Yes, I had some work and was busy, so I couldn't come
It seems Sanaya made you incur quite a lot of expenses today
No sister, its not like that
By the way, Sister Sanaya is so naive and innocent that she allowed you to go shopping with a caretaker
Excuse me!
I am his wife
Okay
I intended to share this good news with Sanaya first
But anyway, it's fine. Since I met you, let me tell you
congratulate me
I am about to give Arham the happiness that completes a family
I wanted Sanaya and I to live together, from the bottom of my heart, but...
She wanted to oust me from Arham's house and life
Now, her way back is completely clear
what happened, Somya?
are you upset on something?
you are quite since you came out of the hospital
have you mind something?
tell me, what's the matter?
I saw brother Arham at the hospital
so, was Sanaya with him as well?
he was with Fabiha
well, they are husband & wife now
he can take her anywhere, why to worry?
there is a lot of difference between anywhere & hospital, Junaid
They didn't just come over there; there was a reason behind it
means?
what happened?
Fabiha is expecting
brother Arham is about to become a father of her child
did you talk to Sanaya?
what shall I talk to her about, Junaid?
I cannot talk to her
Dr. Shehla didn't discuss anything with us either
maybe, she became quiet because of mom
don't discuss this matter with mom, ok?
Junaid, I am so worried about Sanaya
I don't know how that poor girl will react once she learns all this
I don't understand, how to help my sister
the poor woman had already shared her husband
now she has to share her children father too
If I think like a brother, I feel like bringing her to me, even if it means taking her away from Arham
but when I think as a father
I feel as if her marriage shall stay intact
what shall I do?
Junaid
I am so worried about Sanaya & her children
don't know how she will face all this alone?
Kindly talk to Sanaya
Junaid, how will I talk to her?
I cannot
See, you are also a woman
and then you are Sanaya's sister-in-law as well
you can talk to her
please
thank you!
Arham doesn't realize his responsibilities
but I...
how can I become so careless about the kids?
I couldn't focus on the kids
I have to talk to Arham
Arham, you've done so much shopping. We don't even know yet whether it's a boy or a girl
it doesn't make any difference to me, whether its a son or a daughter
I only know one thing: our family is about to be complete
Given the good news you've shared with me, it's now my duty to fulfill every one of your desires
now close your eyes
Why?
I am telling you to close your eyes
but why shall I close my eyes?
trust me, I am your husband. Please
Okay
no cheating..
what are you doing?
as I said, no cheating
hey, its the same chain
yes, its the same chain
Where did you see it?
What kind of husband doesn't pay attention to his wife's desires?
Thank you!
do you like it?
I love it!
As long as Fabiha lives in this house, she will never let Arham get close to the kids
She will keep Arham involved by making up thousands of excuses
why Arham don't understand
These matters will have a negative impact on the children's minds
I wish...
I wish I had never let Fabiha enter my life
What kind of husband doesn't pay attention to his wife's desires?
Arham doesn't care about his responsibilities anymore
Arham never considered that his behavior and rational attitude were not good for us
But... how could I have been so careless?
I got so entangled in my own matters that I didn't pay any attention to the children
How could I be so unaware?
I have to talk to Arham for the sake of my children future
oh God... please help me
greetings sister
greetings! what happened to your voice, Sanaya?
Nothing, actually I was.. 
I was cooking in the kitchen and cutting onions; maybe that's why you felt it
Tell me, how are you? How is Mom? Did you take her to Dr. Shehla?
mom is absolutely fine, we took her to doctor Shehla yesterday
Arham even brought Fabiha over there yesterday
Yes, Dr. Shehla called me. She was upset that I hadn't told her
Did she say anything else?
Nothing, she actually told me about you guys
Okay
why, what happened?
No, nothing...
I thought to ask about your well-being
anyways, I will call you back after cooking the food
Okay?
bye!
Okay
I never thought that desires could be fulfilled so easily
it took me so long to wait for this moment
I just want to see you happy
and now, you won't do any house chores
I will ask Sanaya to arrange a help for you
hey...
Fabiha aunty, it's been so many days since you haven't made a sandwich for me
Fabiha aunty, please make me some
let me do something about your sandwich
oh wow! So many new toys
these aren't your toys, dad will bring your toys soon
okay?
you are joking, right dad?
I am not joking. I will bring a new else for you, and a new big car for you as well. Promise
Then, for whom are these, Dad?
who is the kid in this house, except for us dad?
Do you guys know that a new member is about to join this house? A tiny, cute one, just like Hadi
why anyone will come in our house, Fabiha aunty?
Hareem
why are you saying this, Hareem?
this is our house! We will not let anyone come into our house
Hareem, bad manners. Say sorry
I don't want to say sorry!
Hareem!
Fabiha aunty is a bad woman; she has distanced you from us, Dad
Hareem! out
I am sorry, don't know what happened to the kids
they are getting ill-mannered day by day
Its ok
sister, please drink water
I don't want to drink, Hadi
Sister, Mom used to say that tears become dry from crying a lot
nobody loves us
dad scolds us, also mom too
All of this happened because of Fabiha aunty; Mom and Dad both got distanced from us
and I have an idea!
what idea do you have?
everything will be fine if we'll oust Fabiha aunty from this house
No Hadi, we cannot oust her from this house
She is our second mother
we cannot oust her
then what else shall we do, sister?
please drink some water
Did you see the children's thoughts?
I can't believe that the kids can say something like this
Sanaya is instigating the kids against both of us
I do understand about myself, but why against you?
they are your children too, not only hers
according to her, the kids are getting negative impact because of me
However, as a mother, she is instigating the kids against both of us. Doesn't that ruin their personality?
This child has not even entered the world yet, and Hareem is already thinking such things
Once he comes into this world, Sanaya will make the kids enemies of each other
nothing as such will ever happen, Fabiha
The way Hadi and Hareem are my responsibility, so is this unborn baby
its responsibility is mine
even his rights responsibility is mine
don't you worry
but still Arham, I am so scared after listening to Hareem's words
I am here with you, Hareem is a kid you know
I am not scared of Hareem's words but of Sanaya's planning
I know she wants to oust me from your life & this house, by using her children
its not like that, Fabiha
it is like that, Arham
if I will feel any insecurity because of Sanaya then I will leave from this house along with my baby
have you gone mad?
you may think that way
ok relax, I am with you. Please!
nothing as such will happen
okay?
hello!
hello! Hamza
you are still sleeping at home. That's why you haven't come to work as of yet
and I had to wait for the bus in the morning because of you
yes, I am sorry Farheen. I am not feeling well today, that's why I couldn't come
I had sent a message to the boss
Why? What happened to you?
Nothing, its just a slight fever
so, did you see a doctor?
what's wrong Farheen?
its just a slight fever, I am fine. What's the use of seeing a doctor for it?
what's the big deal if you'll see a doctor?
as it is, one shall never think that a fever is something small thing
you've started to talk exactly like Hania
Ok fine, I will go to the doctor. Happy now?
now disconnect the call, as I have to make an important call to the client
ok fine, bye!
but do see the doctor, please
Bye
what's the matter, why are you guys sitting here?
Dad scolded us
why?
dad had brought new toys
and they are not ours
how is this possible? those toys must be for you my child
no, they are not ours
a new member is about to come into our house
who said this to you?
Fabiha aunty told us
oust aunty Fabiha from this house like that day
yes mom, absolutely!
you should do this