If you again did this in front of dad then I will ask him to kick you out of this house.
Where will you go then?
I have a very beautiful relation with you.
I have one and only brother.
And I don't want to lose my brother.
If we will live far from each other then this relation will remain beautiful.
But if we will live together then this relation will end.
So you will marry to the girl of my choice?
Yes, tell me the name of that girl.
Marry me.
Farheen
Farheen, wake up. Won't you go to office today?\
Farheen
Get up, Hamza must be coming soon. Get up.
I don't want to go to office. Let me sleep mom.
But tell me the reason for not going to office.
Your salary will be deducted if you won't go to office.
And Hamza must be on his way, get up.
Hamza won't come so don't wait for him.
But why?
I am asking, why won't he come?
Mom, he is not feeling well.
Let me sleep. I get up myself when I have to go to office.
You must be hiding something from me.
I am your mother.
Don't embarrass me like Fabiha.
I don't have any courage now.
That I can face humiliation in front of others.
For God's sake.
Look at me.
I am begging in front of you.
At least think about my happiness as well.
You keep mentioning your dignity and honor all the time.
I am not going anywhere so don't worry.
I think Hamza has arrived.
He has come but you said that he won't come.
What?
But why did he come?
Get up and get ready otherwise he will have to wait for you.
How are you my son and how is your preparation for exam?
Did your dad help you in studies?
No.
What's the matter my son?
Has anyone said anything to you? Has dad scolded you?
No
Then what's the matter?
Why are you so scared? Are you hiding something from mom?
No.
Very bad.
Don't hide anything from mom. Tell me what's the matter.
I didn't play any video game yesterday but even then aunt Fabiha complained in front of dad that I played video game and didn't prepare for exam.
And when dad went to office then she scolded me so much and told me to get out of the house.
Oh dear, aunt Fabiha said that.
It's OK. You don't have to be afraid of aunt Fabiha because mom is with you and dad is also with you.
But you shouldn't be rude to her. OK my son? Everything will be alright. Don't worry.
Mom, can I go with you?
I promise you my son that you will go with me very soon.
But I can't take you right now.
As you know that dad starts to shout at uncle house.
But it's mom's promise that I will take you very soon.
OK?
OK.
Have you checked your bag? Have you got everything?
No but I asked aunt Fabiha to give me a pencil but she didn't give me.
It's OK, sister has an extra pencil. You have that extra pencil so give that to your brother.
Read the paper thoroughly and do you remember what did I say to you?
Let's go. Good luck. Bye.
Greetings. Is everything alright? You have come early morning.
Yes, Arham was going to office so I thought that I should spend some time with you so he dropped me here and went to office.
Where is sister? Has she gone to office?
No, she hasn't gone to office. She is sleeping.
Oh I see.
She came late last night. Right?
When did she come back?
She came late because Hamza's car got faulty.
Oh really?
But I saw both of them in a restaurant last night.
And she told you that his car got faulty.
What?
I went to restaurant with Arham last night then I was surprised to see both of them.
That was a very expensive restaurant.
I am surprised. I thought that you must have known about that.
Sister Farheen doesn't hide anything from you.
Oh, maybe she went there after your permission.
Maybe she told me in the morning but I forgot.
If she is hiding anything then there must be some reason. Didn't you ask her?
What should I ask?
That why didn't she tell you and why did she lie to you?
Well, just leave this topic.
Will you take tea? 
No mom, I don't want to eat anything these days and I have stopped taking tea long ago.
What's up Arham
OK. OK bye.
What did Arham say?
I have become a maid of his children.
Their mother has left but responsibility of her children is on my shoulders.
And he keeps asking me for making sandwich all the time.
Aunt Fabiha help me in doing homework, I want to sleep Fabiha aunt. Fabiha, Fabiha, Fabiha
And Arham is also very worried about his children.
And on top of that he is so sharp that he complains against me in front of his father.
Her mother must have taught him that's why he does so.
Fabiha.
Why have you become so stern?
Mom, I want to spend my life peacefully with Arham.
I don't want to put extra burden on myself by taking others' responsibilities.
Arham only cares about his children.
Listen my dear, if you will take care of that child then Arham will take care of you.
Somiya
What happened?
When did you come?
What were you thinking? Is there anything to worry about? What's the matter?
No, nothing.
Everything is alright.
Nothing has happened but you look worried and thinking about something.
What's the matter?
No Junaid, there is nothing like that. I was just thinking.
Oh so now you will hide from me.
I don't know Junaid.
I am scared after seeing Sanaya's behavior.
I am considering myself weak being a woman for the very first time.
But why are you afraid?
Won't you change like brother Arham?
After all you are also a man.
There must be so many girls in your life.
Are you crazy?
What are you talking about?
Don't you trust me?
I trust you Junaid.
But Sanaya also trusted brother Arham. Right?
But what did she get by trusting him?
Don't compare me with Arham, please.
I am not comparing you Junaid.
I am just telling you that after all you are also a man.
Junaid, promise me that you will never break my trust.
Swear on the name of Anaya.
What happened?
Somiya I can't live without you.
I swear on Anaya's name and on your name.
I can't even imagine of betraying you.
I trust you.
But it's your responsibility to keep my trust in tact.
Promise.
Let me bring something for you.
All siblings live together sister. I am not happy without you sister.
I am not happy as well without you Hadi.
Mom goes to office in the morning then I spend my time alone.
I can't do anything with my consent. I can't even watch TV.
Mom says, that house is mine but I don't think so.
I can't even touch anything because if anything breaks then mom will feel embarrassment.
Why have our parents separated from us sister.
Because of aunt Fabiha. Aunt Fabiha has snatched our parents from us.
That's why dad lives with her. Hadi, go with me.
No, uncle is in that house. If you will go to our house then we will have so much fun.
No, I don't want to go there because aunt Fabiha lives there.
She scolds me so much. I don't want to go there.
Will we always live separately from each other?
No one cares about us.
Do you know that I slept in hunger one night.
Dad doesn't care about me at all. He only takes care of aunt Fabiha.
He doesn't take care of me. He scolds me and always remain in angry mood.
I can't say anything to him because he doesn't even listen to me.
Well, I have a plan.
What's that?
I will call you at midnight on dad's mobile from mom's mobile so receive my call.
What are you discussing candidly?
Nothing. Nothing mom.
Didn't you dad come to pick you?
No.
He will come if he will get some spare time from his second wife's services.
How much more will you spoon feed children against me?
Why don't you take them once for all so that my problem may resolve.
I don't want to leave my children with you.
I understand everything. You provoke your son daily so that Arham may make my life a hell.
Oh so your bad time has come.
That you are afraid of children.
I am not afraid. I am advising you.
Children are suffering for no reason because of your jealousy.
I am afraid they will stand against you.
So it would be better for you to stop provoking them.
Let's go Hadi.
Farheen, where did you go with Hamza last night?
I told you about that.
You only told me that Hamza's car got faulty.
But you didn't tell me that you went to a five star hotel with him.
But how did you know about that?
Hmm
You thought that mom won't know anything. I can go anywhere and will tell a lie to her because she is fool.
Tell me, did you go with him or not?
Yes mom, I went there.
Then why did you lie to me?
I didn't lie, I was with Hamza not with anyone else.
Why are you getting so hyper?
Hey you cursed girl, why did you hide this from me?
You should have told me. I wouldn't stop you. Thank God that Fabiha told me.
I got embarrassed in front of her.
I wouldn't have known if she hadn't told me.
Oh I see.
So it means that Fabiha has incited you against me.
She didn't incite me. Tell me why did you lie to me? What was the reason?
There was no reason. You are stuck with it for no reason.
Let me see Fabiha, she is spying on us.
She has revealed your lie.
Fabiha, I will see you.
She should live peacefully in her house. Why is she bothering us?
What the hell.
She is chasing us.
Hamza, if you really want to see me happy and lessen the burden of mom so that she may live peacefully so please accept my condition.
Hadi eat it, you won't get sandwich today.
Hello, so you have ignited fire in our house.
Why did you tell mom that I went to restaurant with Hamza last night?
But I didn't know that you didn't inform mom. I thought that she would know about that.
If you are living happily in your house then just mind your own business.
There is no need to discuss anything about me with mom.
Sister I didn't say any such thing that you are so angry.
Yes, you are so naive.
By the way tell me Fabiha, if you saw me with Hamza then couldn't you keep that secret.
Or did you feel bad by seeing me with Hamza.
Why would I feel jealous? You can roam around with anyone.
Yes that would be better for you to mind your own business.
And don't interfere in my matters.
Try to take care of what God has gifted you.
And no need to look back towards your past.
I warn you if you again said anything about me to mom.
Whether I roam around with Hamza or someone else it's none of your business. Understand?
Did you talk to lawyer?
Yes brother, I have shared all details with him.
He is preparing file and as soon as it gets ready he will send a letter to Arham.
Listen, I want you to talk to Arham once, I think he would return custody of Hadi to you.
If he would do so then he wouldn't have made such fuss.
Sanaya is right.
When it comes to man's ego then he doesn't listen to anyone.
We have to do everything in a legal way.
Anyways I don't want to linger on this relation anymore.
Once I get the custody of Hadi
Then I will end this relation as well.
But have you thought that how will you bring up your children alone?
I have realized this by living with Arham for so many years that how can I live without a man.
I can bring up my children in a much better way without Arham
But I can't get humiliated anymore by living with him.
Listen, you should keep in mind that we are with you in whatever decision you will make.
But I would say that make this decision very thoughtfully.
This life and all it's moments are very precious.
When we are not afraid of losing such precious things then we become more strong.
And you sister is very strong.
Indeed.
I am in my senses.
I have no objection in getting married to you.
Rather, I have brought you here that I wanted to tell you that I want to marry you.
Farheen, why are you calling me again and again?
You minded my words so much that now you are feeling bad of receiving my calls.
I am sure that you aren't liking me right now.
Listen, I have to go for an important work so I will talk to you later. Bye.
Hello.
You can't disconnect without answering my question. I want you to answer my question.
Which answer?
Answer of that question which I asked last night.
Farheen, I have already replied.
Didn't you think once again since last night.
No.
Hamza.
Swear on the name of your mom that you didn't think once about me.
Hamza, if you really want to see me happy and lessen the burden of mom so that she may live peacefully so please accept my condition.
Hello.
What did you say to Hamza?
Tell me.
Farheen. Farheen
I am asking something. What did you say to Hamza?
Nothing mom.
Don't try to fool me.
Tell me what did you say to him? Why is he angry?
Mom I told you that there is nothing.
You are stuck with it.
I will tell you if there will be something. There is nothing like that.
There must be something.
Tell me otherwise I will bring Hamza in front of you. Tell me what's the matter?
Mom, I am unable to understand that why do you force me so much?
You were never so stern with Fabiha but now you are afraid from my side.
Because I know you very well.
Don't make mistake by considering me as deaf and dumb. Understand?
Don't pay attention on my words. I have gone mad because I am not getting married.
Whether you have gone mad or not but you are definitely fooling me.
OK, I will ask from Hamza.
Stop, do you want to know? So listen.
I want to marry Hamza.
I have started to like him and I told him about it.
Shameless girl.
My one daughter has humiliated me already but you haven't left anything as well. Oh God what should I do?
But mom what's wrong in it? You also want me to get married.
So why can't I chose a guy of my choice?
Have you seen the difference between your age with Hamza?
That difference doesn't matter mom. Will you refuse even if Hamza gets convinced?
Mom, you like Hamza then what's the problem? Can't you support me a bit?
Oh God what should I do to you Farheen?
Mom please agree with me, why are you increasing my problems?
Leave me, get away. I don't know what happened to you.
If Hamza had any objection on this proposal then he would have refused straight away but he didn't do anything like that.
I think that he is thinking about this proposal as well.
Mom, will you refuse even if Hamza gets convinced?
Why do I suffer all the time? Please don't refuse, I will take care of the rest.
So now you analyze my words as right and wrong.
If I want to give you love and become your life partner to share your sorrows then what's wrong with that?
Didn't you think once since last night? Swear on your mother's name that you didn't think about me once since last night.
Hello sister.
Hello
Just do I am asking you to do.
Now pick up your bag.
I picked up.
Now take all books out of the bag.
I did that.
OK, now put your clothes in it. Only two suits.
I did it.
Done.
We will meet in school tomorrow.
But where will we go?
I don't know.
Make sure no one should be aware of our plans.
We will meet in school tomorrow.
Keep your bag safe.
Don't show this to aunt Fabiha.
OK? OK sister.
Done, good.
What are you doing here Hadi?
Dad, I am unable to sleep. Can I sleep with you?
Yes you can sleep here.
Fabiha give her some space.
Come here.