My loved ones have placed the chains of society's fear and tantrums on my feet, Mom
I cannot let myself free from these chains, even if I want to
why?
because my mother had to answer her extended family
my brother's expenses will increase
When a man can set a woman free by pronouncing three words of divorce and declaring that she is characterless
then why a woman doesn't have this right, mom?
doesn't a woman have any self-respect, mom?
why a woman is liable for everything?
What's the matter, Sanaya? Did anything happen at your house?
I am unable to do it, mom
mom...
I feel so suffocated
it feels as if...
I can't breathe, I will die mom
please handle me
I will talk to you later
oh God!
aren't you afraid?
about what?
what if I go away from you
Mister, I completely trust my love. Also I am so proud of it
And I will never break your pride
what are you looking at?
saree suits you a lot
I won't be able to digest your false compliments
but women loves false compliments a lot
I don't get flatter, Mr. Arham
so what do you like?
I will say, whatever you want me to
A woman doesn't need anything else except her husband's love, not even false compliments
and my love is yours
and you have a right on it
and I don't keep anyone's right
Will you specify all the rights today, or will we go to dinner?
lets go
What are these two doing here?
Hadi, Hareem... you guys haven't got ready as of yet?
Mom has forbidden us to go
She scolded us as well and told us not to talk to Fabiha Aunty
let me talk to Sanaya
leave it
mom is bad, I won't talk to mom
Hadi...
Hadi!
Hadi, dear listen to me
anyways, lets go
Sanaya is at home, she'll look after the kids
Hadi, open the door
Hadi
Hadi...
let me bring the keys, you shall stay here. Ok?
Hadi, open the door
Hadi!
Hadi
Hadi
Hadi...
mom, where is Hadi?
Hadi!
Hadi...
Hadi
Hadi
Hadi
Hadi, what happened?
Hadi, my dear...
stay with your brother, I am coming in a while ok?
Okay...
Hadi, come lets play hide & seek
No, I don't want to play
why you don't want to play?
Even if she likes, so what? What is her mistake in it?
as I am so handsome
Fine! if Hadi doesn't want to play hide & seek then see what mom had brought
ice cream!...
yaay
I wanted to go with dad
Why didn't you let me go? 
Call Dad right away and ask him to come home
my dear, you have to go to the school in the morning that's why mom didn't let you go
you didn't let me go because of Fabiha aunty, right?
You are a bad mom
Hadi!
Hadi! Listen to me
take it dear
eat your ice cream, let me check on your brother
what's the matter, Fabiha? What are you thinking?
that you've done such a big favor on me by coming into my life
You gave me support, although you had your own family
I don't know where I would have gone if you had refused to give me respect
Fabiha, refusal happens when the heart doesn't agree
and every moment spent with you is very important for me
since you came into my life
life has become so joyful
my mom was happy
the children were happy, Sanaya's entire stress was gone
Everything became so good as soon as you came in
but you got into a problem because of me
No Fabiha
It's not your fault, but this heart wanted to be cared for by someone
and then you came into my life
Won't you leave me in the middle of nowhere by blaming my love for you?
it will never happen, Fabiha
I will always stay with you
I have only one distress
that my mother is not with me anymore
Sir, we are from the recovery department. According to the bank's orders, we have to repossess your car
what do you mean by this?
Can't you see that I am with my wife, is this some appropriate way?
I'm sorry, sir, but it's our duty. You are not responding to any bank calls or providing us with any updates
we are compelled to take this step
See, I will go to the bank tomorrow and talk to them. Please leave for now
You will get your car back once the amount is deposited in the bank
you need to leave this car for now
Usama, ask the madam to come out of the car
hey!
don't you dare!
she is my wife. You want the car right?
take it
come Fabiha
you want the car, right?
 now sit
If they wanted to recover the car, they should have come to our house or your office. How did they find out about our location?
maybe because of the tracker
Arham, all of this is happening because of Sanaya
If she had helped you, we wouldn't be getting humiliated on the road like this
anyways, lets go home now. I will look into this matter later
come...
auto!
what happened mom, you haven't slept as of yet
I don't feel sleepy
since I have talked to Sanaya
I am feeling so anxious
don't know how my daughter must be
Mom, Sanaya is absolutely fine
If you worry like this, you know you'll fall sick
she is not fine
After talking to her, I fear that she might do something to herself out of depression
Why?
what as such she had said?
whether she says anything or not, but I am her mother
I do have an idea of her pain & sorrow
Okay
don't you worry. I will take you to Sanaya tomorrow
promise?
Okay, now rest. Go to sleep
hurry up
Okay, good night
what are you looking at?
Sanaya's new car?
Your car used to be parked next to it
On which you used to pick up and drop Sanaya, and do all her work. You were basically her driver
now she got her own car
now she won't be needing a driver, right?
but today, when you need her the most then you are getting humiliated on the roads
Arham, if she had cared for you a little, she would have been with you today
Arham, there's no use in standing here and looking at your unfulfilled desires
lets go inside
he is your husband & its your duty to support your husband in bad times
he is your husband as well, so you also have some duties
Earlier, Arham and you used to divide the house utility expenses equally
so why it cannot be done now?
because now you've come
Arham lost his car because of your stone-hearted attitude
you must be more upset than him
because your desires are left unfulfilled, right?
As it is...
a woman should stay happy in her husband's stature
and I can't see you happy at all
Sorry to say...
Arham sacrificed so much for you; he gave up many things for you
You have had to tolerate a lot and make many sacrifices, maybe Arham as well
he is only mine!
he didn't stayed mine, then how come he will be yours?
my patience won't get wasted, Fabiha
move away
what happened Junaid, you seem a bit worried. Is everything alright?
I am worried about mom
why, what happened to mom?
she is quite worried about Sanaya
do one thing
stay with mom for an entire day
try to divert her mind a bit
by the way Junaid, shall I say something?
She is a mother
she will obviously get worried
I am tensed, what if she gets sick by taking Sanaya's tension
she is taking too much of her tension
Okay, don't take tension. I will take very good care of her
ok do one thing
Be ready in the evening. We'll go to Sanaya's house; maybe Mom will feel better after meeting her
okay
okay, give me the breakfast as I am getting late for office. Hurry up
Sanaya
Sanaya, can you please drop me to my office?
Why, where is your car?
I will get it back within a few days, I don't have it now
You will get it within a few days, so you'll manage. Its just fine, as you are a man
why will you need me?
Sanaya, my office is on your office way. Please
but our paths have been changed long time ago, Arham
you had complaints with my fate
and now you've entered Fabiha in your life
so tolerate it
so, you won't drop me to my office?
I would have dropped you for sure
I would have given you this favor for sure
if I wasn't getting late for my office
Sorry
hey, but you were going to the office with Sanaya
why did you come back?
Arham
what happened?
did something happened?
tell me something
that girl will be very lucky who will enter Hamza's life
why can't I be that lucky girl?
but Hamza loves Fabiha
he used to love her
he used to love her
but now it has become a part of his past
and what will you do about your age?
people will make fun of you, also you are a divorcee
Why?
where its written, that only a man can be older in a husband & a wife's relation
Can't a divorced girl get another chance to live her life?
think about it
Hamza have suffered a lot in his journey of love
yes
I will become an ointment for Hamza's wounds
what wrong am I doing?
ok mom...
I am leaving, see you in the evening
one minute...
why are you so dressed up?
what's wrong with you, mom?
I am not very well dressed up
dear look...
a face is one's heart's mirror
and then I am your mother, so don't lie to me
what's the good news?
Mom, they have discussed our salary appraisals for this month
that's why maybe I will also get a chance
Okay
Fine...
hey! listen
If you talk to Hamza, ask him what he has decided about marriage
do talk to him
what are you looking at?
Nothing... 
shall we go?
Arham, I have been asking you since so long that what happened but you aren't answering
tell me something, what happened
she didn't bothered to take me along with her
this is what happened with me
I think, I have never done anything in this house. I have not done anything in my life ever. I don't stand anywhere
I couldn't do anything
I don't have a car to go to my office
first of all drink water
Arham, its not possible that years long love & affection shall fade away
And you were so proud of this weak relation
Ma'am, Sanaya didn't fulfill her love for you, and you are still keeping this relation intact
Arham, the reality is that she had never loved you
aunty was absolutely correct that Sanaya maam is a selfish & opportunist person!
She took advantage of your love, and you kept becoming the bad guy in front of her while seeking her love
And she kept moving forward in her life freely, while you kept supporting her
when you needed her help, then what did you get in return?
aunty's hatred & separation?
Arham, she always kept you under her favors, labeling her freedom as hard work and struggle
When you fall in love with someone, you can forgive not only their mistakes but also their sins
therefore, you should remove this matter from your heart that its your mistake. You have done nothing
you have to take a stand
for me, for yourself, for our future. I am also your responsibility
come here
you must have saved something for the future
any plot, bond... anything
yes, I do have a plot
then use it, its our right. We don't need any favor from Sanaya
Okay?
and don't worry, everything will be fine
hello sir, how are you?
yes sir
Sir, I have emailed you all the details.
So what's your opinion?
good morning, sir!
good morning!
good morning!
Hasn't Arham come yet?
No sir
send him to my room once he is here
ok sir
where were you? Boss is very angry, he had called you inside his room
what is she saying?
he is so angry, go meet him. Give me your bag
sir, did you call me?
yes, come in Mr. Arham
this is for you
Sir, what is this?
this is a warning letter
You have been marked late almost 15 to 16 times this month, without any prior information
Arham, if you continue with this attitude, how will we achieve this year's targets?
it won't work this way
Sir, I am really sorry sir. I will be careful next time
it would be better, Arham
just now you've lost the car, soon you can loose your job too
this is not a government office
It's a bank, and it has specific opening and closing times
I understand sir, I am really sorry
it would be much better for you to make efforts instead of saying sorry
you may go now, please
ok sir
come in
be careful
hello!
how was your day?
very nice
really?
mom, the principal has called you & dad tomorrow for the parents teachers meeting
okay
and from the next week, our final exams are starting
Okay, mom will get all the preparations done & like every year both of my children will do the top
yes!
so tell me, who will eat the chocolate?
I will eat
and Hadi?
No, I don't want to eat
if he won't eat, then I will eat it
ok fine! if Hadi won't eat it then lets cancel our next week plan of watching a spider man movie
spiderman movie?
give it to your brother
ok take it
ok lets do one thing
lets go
shall we go?
we'll watch the Barbie movie too
okay, lets go
Greetings sister!
Greetings! How are you Fabiha?
I am fine, how about you? how is mom?
mom is absolutely fine
leave these things & tell me, where did you go for your honeymoon?
nowhere
why?
I called you, thinking that you might have gone on your honeymoon with Arham
I was thinking, you might be in Switzerland or in Canada
what happened, where are you lost? Why are you quiet?
nothing, just today Arham was asking me that where we shall go for our honeymoon
Fabiha
your desires are standing in front of you with an open arms
and you are asking them to wait, instead of hugging them
are you mad? If Arham is saying then go. Go & explore the world
this was your desire, right?
now fulfill your desires
I will talk to you later
Fabiha, listen to me
Okay fine, we'll talk later. Bye!
Sorry Hamza, I was talking to Fabiha after so many days so...
is it the time to leave?
Farheen, how is Fabiha?
she is very happy, she was telling me that Arham is taking her on the honeymoon
first they'll go to Switzerland then to Canada, they have planned such a long tour
Hamza, shall I say one thing?
See, whenever I talk to Fabiha
I never feel that she regret about anything
and here you are. You are stilling mourning for her
Please, come out of this grief
Farheen, this life is there due to the grief
if there is no grief, then I won't be able to live
there isn't any such thing
I think, you have locked yourself in this box forcefully
and you've written the word "LIFE" on that box with bold labels
what else shall I do then, tell me?
Look around yourself, Hamza
life is nearby you
its just that you need to extend your hand to it
it will hold your hand, it will handle you
it will take you out of every grief
I... 
let me bring my bag
you seem quite tired today
was the work load very much?
yes, there is an assignment in the office & the deadline is nearby
that's why there is so much of work load
you must be thinking, since you came into my life there is only problems & issues
You didn't get anything you deserved
what about me, Arham
Even before, I used to live according to my desires, so I will continue to do so now as well
I just don't want to worry you
I promise you Fabiha that I will fulfill all of your desires
your companionship is more important for me than any desire
I had all the hopes from Sanaya
but she didn't supported me
by supporting me in those difficult times, you have made a place in my heart & in this house
But now, you might be thinking that I am nothing without Sanaya
its not like that, Arham
Sanaya has put this inferiority complex in your heart & mind
and you've started to consider yourself weak by believing it
a well earning woman makes a man weaker