Mom, you don't have to apologize. 
why sorry? Its not the matter of sorry
Arham, trust me, I went to her room. 
Sanaya, not necessarily mom would have forgotten.
You can also forget because you get so busy.
 But how, I remembered that.
 It's enough. There is no need to argue.
Go and bring her insulin, I will inject that. Then give her tea. We are getting late for office as well.
 Nothing has happened? She will be alright. Doctors are treating her.
Yes but I dropped Hareem at your home so what are we doing here in hospital? 
Brother Arham actually Hareem had a very high favor and then her body started to shake suddenly and then.. 
Then what sister?
She fainted.
Hello!
hello! Greetings sir, I am Hadi's class teacher. Hadi is sitting all alone in school. Why haven't you come to take him as yet?
Is Hadi still in school?
Sir, sorry to say but there is a limit of showing carelessness
come quickly to pick him, bye!
nobody picked Hadi from school. Did you get a call?
actually Sanaya wasn't picking the call, so the driver had called me but... 
I completely forgot as I was so tensed about Hareem
Arham, lets do one thing. Let me go & pick Hadi from the school. You stay here
No its okay, I am going
try to understand my point, you should be at the hospital right now. Please
let me also come with you
lets go
aunty, you shall also go. I am here
you must be tired
come mom, lets go
we'll go very slowly, you don't have to make any noise
where are you taking her?
I am taking her outside to the garden
if maam saw you then she will create so much of chaos
why? She also has the right to go out in the fresh air
maam doesn't like her to step outside her room
she breaks the things in anger
she won't break today, I am here. I will handle her
I am telling you to make you understand. Rest is your choice
nothing will happen
lets go
in the name of God...
my child
she is back home safely, oh my God..
Hareem, how are you?
look here, my child... look at your granny
oh my God, my child has become so weak in a single day
my child, you don't know how worried your granny was
I can't tell you, what I was going through
thank God... where is Hadi?
he is at his granny's house
what had happened to her?
nothing mom, her fever spiked due to which they took her to the hospital
what do you mean that she had high fever? Didn't anyone gave her the medicine?
why they didn't tried to take off her fever?
Sanaya
didn't anyone gave her the medicine?
sit here my child
Its obvious, they wouldn't have given her the medicine. 
When a mother doesn't care about her child, then how come anyone else will?
drink this, come on
its not like that, mom. I had a very important meeting, that's why I had to go
otherwise, I would have never gone after leaving Hareem
was your meeting more important that your child's life?
what's wrong with you, Sanaya?
you give thousands of your hours to your office in a month
if you would have given 24 hours to your sick daughter, then she wouldn't have come from the hospital after battling with life & death
I didn't had an idea mom, that Hareem will fall so sick
yes, why will you have an idea
that's why I say, try to become a mother of your children instead of governess
if you will become one, the only you'll have all the knowledge
you will have all the ideas
tell me... 
if something would have happened to my grand daughter, then who would have taken the responsibility?
will your family take the responsibility?
there is no fault of my family in this, mom
and God forbid that any such thing shall happen to my daughter
hey... 
but there is someone's fault, missy
this sick child won't take the medicine herself, somebody had to give her the medicine
and they didn't give her
do they have any idea that how we would have felt if something would have happened to her?
who can feel the pain more than a mother, mom?
yes
obviously.. 
and if you are hurt
then leave the job, sit at home & handle your kids
how much more you'll covet?
when this greed will end?
we have a house, we have cars. We have everything, then what else do you want Sanaya?
I don't want anything, mom
this house needs my job, my kids future needs it. Also Arham needs it
and if he'll say it himself
if Arham says it himself to you to leave the job
will you leave it then?
remember my words, Sanaya
a mother can fulfill a miss of every relation but... 
nobody can fulfill the amiss of a mother
do you like flowers?
I also had a flower like son
what do you mean by "had"?
my daughter-in-law had snatched him
She locks my room when you leave
but why?
this woman hates me. She hates me!
I will kill her, I won't spare her
She had snatched my son from me, I will kill her
I will kill her!
he is my son! She had snatched my son from me
what is happening here?
with whose permission you have brought her out of her room, tell me!
actually...
what actually?
she was insisting... 
if tomorrow she'll insist to oust her from this house, so will you oust her?
for what you take the salary? Can't you handle one woman?
I'm sorry maam
Listen! I will do something wrong in anger. Pick up your things & get lost
maam, I really need this job... 
I don't need you at all, just get out of here
pick up your things & leave!
but listen to me, please.. I am really sorry
sorry for what? 
Guard, oust her from here. I shall not see her again
pick up her things & oust her!
I'm sorry
Maam, please listen to me. Just give me one chance..
sister
See, I beg you
yes Fabiha, where are you? I have been waiting for you since so long
I am at the bus stop
bus stop?
Ok, I am coming
what happened? Isn't Arham reeving the phone?
I've been trying since evening, but no response
even Sanaya isn't receiving the call
I think, brother Arham got upset with her
by the way, I am also feeling the same
but we don't have any fault in it
in fact, we were handling his responsibility. He should be thankful to us
Strange! this incident could have happened in Sanaya's mother-in-law presence too
Look, we cannot say such things to them
when a daughter is wed off, then we need to give more importance to her in-laws than her
so that she can stay happy there
 this is the tradition, also we've seen the same 
mom, Sanaya won't get the reward of our silence at her in-laws house. No matter what we do
you don't know, Sanaya's mother-in-law must have scolded her too much over there
I am not worried about all this
I am just worried about Hareem
mom, don't worry otherwise you'll fall sick
please take something
Hadi & Anaya had slept?
yes mom, they are asleep
Junaid, try calling Arham once again
okay
*sorry, the number you have dialed is powered off*
the phone is off
I think we should go there
I think, we shall go in the morning
mom, leave it & have dinner. Otherwise, you'll fall sick
I want that one...
do you want to eat this, mom?
give that to me
here
wow, its so soft
Hareem...
so soft
See, what I have brought for my dear child
your favorite corn soup
we'll drink it, finish it & get well soon
come on, try a bit & tell me how mom had made it
open your mouth... 
yummy!
really? that's great!
we'll finish it quickly, you'll get well & then I will take you to play land
we'll enjoy a lot, ok?
shall we go tomorrow?
how can we go tomorrow, my dear?
you are not well right now
come on, take one more bite
its yummy
yes
I am fine, don't worry!
I know my dear that you are absolutely fine, but how can we go now?
even your brother is not here, he is at granny's house
we'll go together once he will come back, then we'll enjoy a lot. Ok?
Okay done! But we'll also take Hania along
Done! promise... 
come on my child...
see, this is so soft
I know its very soft, just like you. My doll
you have to finish it all, ok?
why are you getting worried? And see, I never wanted you to do this job
a place where there is no respect, we don't do a job there
its easy to earn respect in this era, than earning money
if I kept thinking about respect, then I won't be able to move on in my life ever
why do you think this way? I am with you
to fulfill your every wish for life time
my every wish has become a desire
I have come too far in this race, Hamza
I don't see anything else except for needs
mom's needs, sister's needs... my needs, that's it!
Fabiha, you think too much nothing else
See, everyone's life experiences difficulties
and difficult time passes, it doesn't stops
but we have to give it some time
I can't wait, Hamza
Ok fine, as it is it wasn't the last caretaker's job in this whole world
there are many other houses too, they'll keep you on a job there
talk to your agency
I'm fired from my agency as well
that ill-mannered woman had filed a complained over there too
then, now?
how would I know? I fear, if mom gets to know then she will get worried uselessly
don't know how will I tell her
No, there is no need to tell her anything right now
let me make some arrangement for your job
what happened to your hand?
Nothing, its just a small injury
how come? Come, get up. Let me get you a bandaid
No, its a small injury Hamza. I'll be fine
No, the injury doesn't heal itself. As I said, come with me. Get up
give me your bag
lets go
Arham, I've been noticing since morning that you are not talking to me
I know, the pain you've been through. I have suffered through the same pain
say something please, talk to me
what shall I say, Sanaya?
I had called you so many times since morning, but you didn't receive a single one
I was in a meeting, Arham
which meeting? You had said that the meeting will be only one hour long but you took almost 2.5 hours
at least, you could have informed me. I would have gone to Hareem
so you want to say that I don't care about my daughter?
Because of your carelessness!
it was your duty to call the van guy daily
did you call?
today, Hadi was all aloe at the school for 3 hours. Who is responsible for it, you or your brother's wife?
tell me
it was more important to reach hospital, Arham
Hadi is also important, Sanaya!
we cannot loose one child for another
and Hareem is in this condition, because she didn't get the medicine
medicine.. 
So you are trying to say that my mother didn't gave the medicine to Hareem on time?
I haven't said this thing, but the doctor had. That Hareem got the fits because she wasn't given any medicine
Arham
for the past 2 years my family is taking care of our kids
they did good with us, & this is how you are repaying them?
so instead of arguing with me, why don't you ask your mother?
did she gave her the medicine or not?
you aren't saying this from your side
I know you very well by now
you are having severe hair fall nowadays
it had to happen because I wash my hair from boring water
not boring water, but the worries of two unmarried daughters on your shoulders is the cause of your hair fall
oho... 
Greetings mom!
Greetings dear! How are you?
I'm fine, how are you?
hey! What is this?
Nothing, it got cut by a glass
isn't the wound deep?
No, its fine. Hamza took me to the doctor
may God bless Hamza with long life & protect from an evil eye
he takes very good care of you as of yet
dear look, value him a lot
Blessed people get such life partners
mom, I am so tired. I want to rest for a while
Fabiha, I am also tired by working since entire day
I have kept a few clothes on your bed, kindly fold them before going to sleep. Ok?
what's wrong with you?
Are you tired of working?
what's the big deal, if you'll fold a few clothes?
what was the need to tell her this work?
mom, will I become your dearest daughter if I also earn some money & keep on your hand?
remove feelings for Haris from your heart, & become my good daughter once again
come on
pick up these things
listen
you didn't get ready?
won't you go to office?
No, you had asked me to resign
so I had resigned last night
anyways, come quickly as the breakfast is served & its getting late
I've told your wife
Hadia is coming tomorrow, by night's flight
tell her to take 10 to 15 days leaves. What if she refuses for the same
my daughter comes here once in a year, and I don't want her to do the work after coming here as well
she shouldn't face any problem
tell her in your way, because a husband's words have more importance
I will tell her, she will take the leaves
is Sameer coming along?
he wanted to come, but I told him not to
why did you refuse him? He will mind it
its better to refuse someone earlier, rather than calling them home & humiliate 
a son-in-law's relation is much heavier than a daughter-in-law's relation
one needs to give time, & serve them
here, the family members of this house aren't at home until evening. So who will take care of the son-in-law?
She will take the leaves, don't you worry at all
the one who doesn't care about her daughter
how will she serve her sister-in-law & her husband?
now everyone is not like my Hadia
who serves her mother-in-law from morning until night, to make her husband happy
my daughter is coming for a few days to rest
she shouldn't face any problem, just take care of it
hey, take some curry
give me, let me pour some
Fabiha, tomorrow is the last date to pay the electricity bill. Do pay it tomorrow while going to your office
what happened to you, why you look so pale?
Fabiha
yes? what?
what as such is the grief that you are standing so lost?
nothing! what will happen to me?
really?
Then tell me, what I had said to you a while ago?
What did you say?
tomorrow is the last date to pay the electricity bill.
I've kept it on your side table, do pay it while going to your office
and yes, the internet is also not working. Do pay its bill too
I have to make a watsapp call to uncle
why?
come, sit here
Haris's family came today
but they were about to come tomorrow
yes...
Haris lost his job
now he wants to go to Muscat
mom will not talk to uncle, so I have to talk to him
please pay the internet bill tomorrow, so that I can call him
Okay?
please, my good sister
please...
I will see
do remember it, ok?
mom was telling me that Hadia is about to come
do one thing, take a few days off from office
its difficult to get the leaves
why is it difficult?
there are 30 days leaves in every organization, so what could be the problem?
you are a professional yourself
how can you talk to me like that?
however, you know that I am working on a very important project. I am heading it
do you want me to hold it & take 15 days leaves. How is it possible?
so what's the big deal in it? Hand it over to someone else
So, you want me to leave this project?
if possible, then why not?
Alright then, why only the project. Let me leave the job too
As it is, your mother & sister doesn't like my job. So this will be fine
yes, leave it
if you cannot handle your responsibilities with household then leave the job
Fine Arham, I will resign tomorrow
Why tomorrow? Do it today, resign today. Its just a matter of an email
Okay fine!
Fabiha
Fabiha
dear, get up. You are getting late, don't you have to go today?
no
why?
I am not feeling well, mom
what happened to you?
I am suffering with fever
Okay, let me check
do one thing, go to the doctor with Farheen & get some medicines
No mom, I will take the medicine after breakfast. I will be fine
your madam scolds you for coming late
what if she fires you from the job if you will take a day off
I have talked to my agency, they'll send someone else today in my place
at least go to the doctor & get the medicines, you'll be fine
No mom, there is no use of it.  
I will take the medicine after breakfast. I will be fine
okay
dear, actually..
the landlord had visited
he was asking for the rent
tell him that we'll pay by next 2 days
Why? its already 10th
ask your madam to pay your salary
yes, she has gone to Dubai. I will ask her as soon as she comes back
mom, don't worry. I will pay the rent
Okay... anyways
I will talk to the landlord
so the internet won't work today as well?
Hamza got me a package yesterday, you can use it for now. Let me switch on the hotspot
Okay, then call uncle from your phone
here
hello!
Sir, this is Habiba speaking from the bank
its 25th today & you haven't paid your bank's installment as of yet
I remember, don't worry. I will pay it
please sir, kindly ensure to pay it today otherwise there will be a penalty on it
as I said, I remember & I will pay it
hello! Greetings uncle
this is Farheen speaking from Pakistan
how are you? How is aunt & kids?
hello? uncle, can you hear me?
it got disconnected
maybe there is some issue with internet, let me call again
uncle?
Greetings, Ms. Fabiha
yes
Fabiha, your 20 days salary is ready. Please come to collect the cheque
why only 20 days? When I had worked for an entire month
and every month I get the salary in my account then why cheque this time?
madam, our company have some rules. You get the last salary's cheque upon ending of the job
please collect your cheque today
end of job, means?
Fabiha...
why didn't you tell us that you had lost your job?
speak up!
what I would have told?
you guys would have become worried for no reason
and I am searching for another one, I will get it
Please just don't tell this to mom
why I shouldn't tell? Today I got a chance, she is so proud of her dearest daughter
she should also know, how we'll run the house when one looses the job
listen to me, sister!
wait, don't tell mom please
it will become a problem for no reason, what do you want?
mom should also know that what her dearest daughter is doing, right?
there is no need to do all this, listen to me
mom... did you hear anything?
yes Mr. Rao, we'll pay you by 28th of this month
did you hear something?
why are you worrying her?
yes yes, don't worry
sister!
hey, hang up the phone & listen to my news first
I'll talk to you later
what happened, why are you making so much of noise?
do you know something? Not only this month, but you won't be able to pay the rent of this house next month as well
why, what happened? What rubbish you are uttering, are you crazy?
yes mom, you always find me wrong. But this time I am telling the correct thing
this dearest daughter of yours, she lost her job
what! she lost her job?
what is she saying?
you have lost your job?
tell me, what I am asking you!
why are you standing quietly? Tell mom
let me see, how we'll run this house now without our job
yes mom, I've lost the job. But don't worry, Hamza had talked to a few people. Soon I will get the job
you had lied to me? Did you!
I had just hid this matter from you, so that you don't get unwell. Nothing else
Enough! I didn't get hurt because you've lost your job, but I got hurt as you had lied to me
mom, I agree that I haven't lied to you ever
but you would have become sick, if I would have told you
oh!
please don't worry, mom
I will get a job
you've become so grown up now, that you'll lie to your mother on her face. Right?
I keep telling everyone in our family that my daughter had never lied to me
she had never let me down
but now, you've let me down not in front of the family only but in front of this whole world
mom... I made a mistake
it won't happen next time, I promise you
swear upon my life, right away
mom, what's wrong?
swear upon me!
ok fine, I swear upon your life. It won't happen next time, I will never lie. Please don't worry
please sit here, come
just now I had a word with Mr. Rao on the phone that he'll get the rent by 28th
don't worry, I will manage
from where you'll manage?
I will manage it from anywhere, just don't worry. You'll get sick, mom
my health may go to hell! I am worried that how I will manage this house expenses now
everything will be done
just don't take tension
listen
you didn't get ready?
won't you go to office?
No, you had asked me to resign
so I had resigned last night
anyways, come quickly as the breakfast is served & its getting late
have you left the job in real?
yes
look at me, then say it
I took 2 days leave
I don't take rational decisions like you, you know me very well
Sanaya, its your right to get upset
but if you won't express your anger, then how we'll fix everything?
I am just your wife
you have all the rights
you signify them whenever you want to
Arham, there is no importance of supporting someone when the other person doesn't realize anything
come here, come to me
yes, tell me
Sanaya, I know the fact that we cannot run this house without your job
still, I don't know what I had said last night in anger
and I shouldn't have said that
you do the same sacrifices for this house, like I do
therefore, I shouldn't have done that to you
Sanaya, you are as important to me as breathing is important to live but...
what to do
sometimes I get late in realizing it
but I do understand
I am nothing without you
the way Mr. Meer (the poet) says..
"I always get late"
maybe, I do the same thing
but then I do realize
Arham, if a person gets a bit late
then nothing is left except for regret
I promise you that we'll never face regret in our lives
To support each other, time is not important but love is
what about time? 
Its good as well as bad
but, if there is no love in good times
and there is no support in bad times
then a relation isn't nurtured but dragged
Sanaya, I can promise you only thing. Whenever there will be a bad time, I'll always be there for you
I will never leave your side
always..
always?
always!
forgive me, I am really sorry
now fix your mood
okay
Arham
yes mom?
have you brought my medicines?
which medicines, mom?
You didn't tell me any medicine
dear, didn't you tell Arham that my medicines are finished?
mom, when did you tell me?
If you had, then why I wouldn't have told Arham?
hey..
what are you saying? 
Yesterday, I had told you that all of medicines are finished
Okay, no problem. Tell me, I will bring them on my way back home
leave it
Hadia is coming, I will ask her to bring it
mom, why will you tell Hadia?
 I am here, I will bring them
nobody cares for me in this house
however, you guys refute me
only Hadia is concerned about me, she will bring it. No problem
its not the matter. 
Give me this cup, come on
Sanaya, make porridge for mom. Ok?
Ok! Come with me, let me show you a video
do you know Mr. Munir Niazi (the poet) says "I always get late: