I do remember all your favors
but those favors doesn't mean that you shall forget your limit
 I am not your wife, Hamza
neither you have any right on me
 therefore, its better for you to remember your value before imposing your right on me
It seems as if she has breathed life into the people of this house
See how she has handled the house; it doesn't seem like Sanaya is not here
 Arham, the actual thing is that
Only that person is important whose absence shatters everything
Nothing has changed due to Sanaya's absence 
everyone is happy 
the kids, you & me as well
you haven't slept as of yet?
Have the kids gone to sleep?
yes, I have made them go to sleep
Okay
Great!
Do you know, yesterday it took me three hours to get them to sleep
And you made them go to sleep within ten minutes
Don't know, maybe they have become more attached to me
maybe
Fabiha, can I ask you a question if you don't mind
yes, go ahead
actually... 
you went quiet while talking about Hamza
I didn't wanted to force you yesterday as well
what do you want to know about him?
that are you happy with him or not?
a forceful relation isn't nurtured but dragged
and I am just doing that
forceful relation?
my mother thinks that Hamza is such a nice guy, and he will always keep me happy
now tell me, a guy who is dependent on me. Who have all the hopes from me
how will he fulfill my desires?
now he has become the reason of my embarrassment as well
I am unable to face Ma'am Sanaya since he committed embezzlement in his office
just think, how can I come the respect of that guy who doesn't have his own respect?
and now he wants me to repay his loan too
never do that
if you will do this then... 
he will become habitual
whenever he will get stuck in any problem then he will... 
I am a man, and I know what is a man's nature
Yesterday, when I went home, he was sitting with my mom and complaining about me
what!
I used to get humiliated in my house every day because of him
mom think that he is my protector
but a father, brother or a husband is the protector
If there is a protector, then all the fears are set aside within ourselves
a person becomes free from all the fears
but I have never felt like that with Hamza
and nobody cares about my feelings
yes Fabiha, what happened?
Sorry to disturb you
Your phone was lying in the lounge, so I thought to give it to you
thank you!
are you fine?
yes yes, I am okay
sit down
you are having such a high fever
Rest for a while, meanwhile let me prepare some tea for you
No no please, I don't want to drink any tea
I'm telling you, you need to drink it. Take some rest, meanwhile let me bring it for you
but Fabiha... 
I am bringing it
Okay, please let me know what time your next flight to Karachi is
Okay please. Put me on the next flight. Ok?
thank you!
No no... no!
hello! yes mom?
what's the matter, you haven't slept as of yet?
yes actually, I was making tea for aunty
ok listen... 
at what time you'll come back tomorrow?
I will come back on my time
Okay
today you've stayed there upon her insistence, but if she asks you to stay there tomorrow then refuse her
otherwise, I will refuse her myself
okay mom, I will tell her. Don't worry
Hang up now, as I need to take the tea to her
Okay, bye!
and listen!
take very good care of yourself
do close the doors properly & stay in your senses. Ok?
mom, why are you getting worried?
how can I not worry, dear?
You've gone for the first time without Hamza
its obvious that my heart will feel worried
Ok fine, hang up the call now as I need to serve the tea
Bye!
Bye!
okay mom, drink your milk now
then you need to take your medicines as well
what's wrong, mom?
why you seem so upset since you came back from Sanaya's house?
yes, I am so worried & my heart is feeling so anxious
look, Sanaya did such a big stupidity!
She has handed over her entire house to that caretaker before going to Islamabad
Her staying there alone is startling in my eyes
mom.... Sanaya isn't a kid
She knows what's right & what's wrong
As it is, we trust that person whom we had tested already
We cannot realize anyone's intentions within a few times
It's only been a few days since the girl came into that house, and my daughter had handed over her entire house to her
To the extent that she has handed over all the responsibilities of Arham's to her
There isn't a chance of a single mistake in the relation between a husband and wife
the husband is also a man
the brother is also a man
a man never changes his nature
mom, you are over-thinking. Don't worry a lot
why shall I not be worried?
If something wrong happens by mistake, then they'll regret it for a lifetime
leave it mom, please don't take tension
being a woman, I am a mother as well
A mother gets to know whenever any problem may occur with her children
and she tries her level best to take out her children from that problem
Okay
now drink your milk
and don't fall sick, Okay
hey!
Did you wake up?
yes
you don't have fever anymore
You had been here on the sofa the entire night?
actually you were having very high fever, so I didn't find it right to leave you alone
and Fabiha, you did all this?
yes
thank you!
for what?
for taking care of me
it was my duty based upon humanity
and I've just fulfilled my duty
do some rest
hey Hamza!
are you waiting for Fabiha?
don't waste your time, as she is not at home
has she started to go early?
yes! and she comes back late night
in fact, sometimes she had to stay there
even yesterday, she had stayed there in an emergency
why?
what as such was the emergency?
God knows! She was saying that her Arham sir & maam, both have gone to Islamabad
Hamza, honestly speaking. Please leave her alone for a few days
I cannot leave her
this heart starts beating from Fabiha
and ends on her
don't destroy yourself like this
Okay, leave this topic. Hamza, why don't you find some good job for yourself?
try to come to Fabiha's standards
if you say so, then shall I try to talk about your job?
Okay, I will talk to them today
Anyways, I am getting late. I am leaving, ok?
Farheen
let me drop you
No no, there is no need of it. I will go myself
No no, please sit. Let me drop you
Why do you seem so scared after looking at me?
Sanaya, you've been away from me for 2 days, and now you can see fear on my face
You have no idea about the fear that is consuming my heart right now
what are you saying, what do you mean by all this?
With whom were you yesterday?
Good morning! What's up?
Fabiha aunty is making sandwich for me
really? And what is Hadi eating?
Hadi is not eating anything, his mood is off
Why? What happened to my prince, why he doesn't want to eat?
He is saying that mom hasn't called even once since she left
that's why I am angry with mom
its not like that
Your mom called last night, but you were asleep. That's why I didn't wake you up
but now I am awake, so call her now
yes, that's also fine
Hareem, go bring my phone from my room. Its on the charging
let me do it right away, finish your milk first
here you go, dad
thank you so much!
you're welcome
drink your milk
yes
what happened?
your mom's phone is off, lets try again
she will pick it
what happened, what have you done?
get up, leave it
be careful, come with me
you should have been careful while cutting. Please sit
Fabiha aunty is bleeding a lot
You should have been careful while cutting
its okay
trust me
Fabiha aunty is getting scared like kids
hold it
dad, try calling mom
yes! Her phone is off right now, lets try again
you guys haven't finished your milk
let me bring the sandwich. Ok?
You're calling after so many days, is everything fine?
What can I say! It's been difficult to stay in Dubai
We came to Dubai from Pakistan so that we could get rid of our in-laws and their responsibilities
but it has become a big punishment
Why?
What happened now?
My mother-in-law's nephew is getting married, so his entire wedding shopping will be done in Dubai
So that the gifts will have Dubai's tag on them
if I will refuse my mother-in-law, then her moods get off
big issue!
By giving her son to the daughter-in-law, she thinks that she has acquired someone's daughter
there is no need to take her tantrums, just clearly refuse Sameer
what do you think, I wouldn't have refused?
I did
but my husband, he comes a puppet in front of his mother's orders
what is this Hadia, you couldn't control your husband in so many years
Look at Sanaya, how she makes Arham dance on her finger tips
By the way, Mom, it's such a false statement that the way to a man's heart goes through his stomach
I've become tired of cooking food
If a woman is working like Sister Sanaya, then she can shut her husband's mouth with her earnings
Her earnings have shut our brother's mouth and also filled his stomach too
by the way, where is she?
She has got moles on her feet now, they don't let her stay at home
She has gone to Islamabad for an outing, making an excuse of office
She has gone to Islamabad?
this is great
Brother Arham and the kids have also gone? Are you alone again?
No, if she had taken them, then who would she have left me with?
hmm... even I was thinking the same. The kids must have annoyed you a lot
No no, not much. Yesterday night they were a bit uncomfortable
Also, they had irritated me a bit, that's why I asked Fabiha to stay overnight
It's good, this way it will become easier for Arham to distance himself from Sanaya
hmm... by the way mom, may I say something? I don't find Fabiha any less
don't trust her blindly
She is also an independent bird, what if she takes your son away somewhere?
No, your mother is not that bad player though
I've spent my entire life, and I've made this decision based upon my life's experiences
sometimes, the decisions gets into trouble
don't worry about it
I know how to handle this matter
tell me, when is the wedding?
the wedding is after 2 weeks
then you are coming, right?
I will come, but Mom, please ensure that Sister Sanaya's relatives don't visit in my presence. Please.
yes yes, fine. They cannot dare to come
what happened to your hand?
nothing Hamza, go away from here
I haven't come to go away, Fabiha!
what's wrong with you, Fabiha? Why are you ignoring me?
you came here to ask this?
No!
But the matter I want to discuss, I cannot do it while standing here
therefore, you need to come with me right away for some time
have you gone mad? How can I go with you right now?
You've been here since last night. It won't be a big deal if you come with me for some time
come
Hamza, what is this misbehavior? Leave my hand
Fabiha, I said I need to discuss an important matter with you
Enough is enough Fabiha! come with me
Hamza, why are you forcing me?
I can force you because...
leave her hand!
if she doesn't want to go with you, then why are you forcing her?
who are you to interfere in our matter?
This matter concerns Fabiha and me; you stay out of it!
What!
leave her hand
Hamza, go away from here & don't misbehave
there is no need to create any drama here. Go away
I will talk to you later
Hamza, go away from here
thank you, Arham
and sorry for the disturbance
sometimes she had to stay there
even yesterday, she had stayed there in an emergency
why?
God knows! She was saying that her Arham sir & maam, both have gone to Islamabad
If Arham is here
Then why did Fabiha tell Farheen that Arham had also gone?
Farheen is definitely lying!
mom...
mom is here, yaay!
mom..
mom, you didn't call me
I was busy
mom, where is my Elsa?
its in the luggage, ok?
yes!
Fabiha, take the kids to their room
come on, I am coming in a while
You said you'd come within 3 days, so why now all of a sudden?
what?
what happened?
can't I give you a surprise?
you can, you can give it for sure
Why do you seem so scared after looking at me?
Sanaya, you've been away from me for 2 days, and now you can see fear on my face
You have no idea about the fear that is consuming my heart right now
what are you saying, what do you mean by all this?
With whom were you yesterday?
Call Asad
Sanaya, you have never behaved in this manner ever then why today?
Because before today, you had never lied to me
this is the reason of your lie!
by telling about Emaan & Asad
Which girl were you with?
I have asked you something, who is this girl?
Sanaya, you trust the picture sent by Sambreen more than me?
if somebody will say something in the future, so will you believe them?
I am compelled to believe whatever I can see in this picture right now
then, will you believe on whatever I will tell you?
its Fabiha in this picture
Fabiha!
yes
the kids were insisting to go to the play area
and they were insisting that they'll go with Fabiha
So, you could have told me this yesterday as well. Why did you lie to me or hide this matter?
I could have told you
I could have told you for sure. But I know one thing that you are woman
A man isn't scared of anything except for a woman's doubt
I thought, since you are away from me
So if I tell you this, you might misunderstand.
but I am disappointed
I was being careful towards you, Sanaya
I was thinking about you. I planned to tell you when you would come in front of me. But, no
And Sanaya, you still couldn't understand me even after living with me for so many years
I am disappointed on this
Arham... I
Arham, I am really sorry
please please...
I didn't believe it, but my heart felt so restless when I saw that picture
I am really sorry. Since I was away from you....
maybe that's why I was being so possessive. I am really sorry Arham
Sanaya, there's a big difference between being possessive and being doubtful
The doubt that you've had on my love for you is such a big insult
therefore, keep your phone with you
Greetings mom!
Greetings!
How come you came so early today?
Mom, I am not feeling well today, so I took an early leave
Can you please make me a cup of tea? Meanwhile, I'll change my clothes
yes yes, let me prepare it
Why did you say that Arham had gone to Islamabad?
because Fabiha had told us the same thing
really?
Aunty, tell me, did Fabiha say any such thing to you?
Why are you sitting quietly? 
Tell Hamza that Fabiha told us the same thing
Stop it, Farheen! How much more will you lie?
haven't you gone mad? Why will I lie to you?
because you want to create misunderstandings between me & Fabiha
You were sure that when you will tell this to me, I would go to Fabiha.
and there, Arham's presence would prove her wrong.
there is a limit of being shameless, Farheen
I don't know why are you doing all this
But if you think that this way you'll create distance between Fabiha and me, then it's your delusion
Understand!
You had never stayed quiet like this for me in front of Haris
In fact, you had tried your level best to make us fight
Then why is Hamza so special? Why didn't you tell him the truth?
You've already said everything in front of him.
 What was the need to utter so much rubbish in front of Hamza?
why all of you are after this relation?
we don't tell everything to the in-laws
as far as Haris is concerned, then don't you dare to take his name
get back to your senses!
He didn't leave a chance to humiliate you
If he had been like Hamza, who would have supported me in every condition, then it would have mattered
And Fabiha! Let her come, then I will teach her a lesso
this girl is flying too high
and listen!
Do lock the door after entering the house. Just now, Hamza came. What if the robbers enter next time? Go!
I saw you were worried, so I brought some water for you. Please drink it
by the way, I shouldn't be asking but what's the matter?
why are you worried?
I made a mistake
I shouldn't have doubted Arham
Don't know why I believed Sambreen's words
this is the biggest problem of a woman
she starts doubting
Even with anger or misbehavior in the relationship, it can still remain strong
But as soon as doubts arise, the relationship breaks
And the good thing is that Sir Arham ended the entire matter with just anger
and the person who loves you, gets angry
If I had a sister, she would have been explaining to me in the same manner now
thank you!
your trust is sir Arham's belief
And if your trust breaks, then his belief will also break
And when belief breaks, then a person breaks and shatters
it won't happen
and I am waiting for Arham to break
the day it will happen
I will handle him