Arham, do you know? Today, I've spent such a good time with the kids after so long
I saw that
you had become a kid with the kids
honestly speaking, today I felt as if I have lived my entire life in a single day
I did so much of work, but I don't feel tired
today for the first time I felt as if I have fulfilled the responsibility of a mother
No, its not like that. You do that daily
No Arham
Every day, while going to the office in tension, it feels as if...
I am just fulfilling my duty not responsibility
but today, the way I had spent time with the kids without any worries
I felt so good, I had enjoyed a lot
it didn't feel as if I had any burden of some responsibilities on my shoulders
in that case, you should be thankful to Fabiha that she took a day off
and you got a chance to spend time with the kids. You had fun
but I want to spend time with the kids in the same manner on a daily basis
and Arham, its only possible if I quit from my job
you also got a promotion now
your salary will also increase accordingly
So, I think now I should leave my job
I didn't get it
what's not to understand in this, Arham?
I was doing the job, in order to help you
kids fee, house related expenses. We can manage it all together
but now, you can afford all this alone
so what's the need for me to do so much of hard work?
I will stay at home, spend time with the kids, take care of your mother
and at night, I will wait for you after getting ready before your arrival
Sanaya look
if you will quit the job then it won't affect me personally but..
try to understand
When you get a promotion, then obviously your lifestyle changes. The expenses increase
what do you think? Will the kids fee stay the same? Static? No!
it will increase with time, electricity bills & grocery... everything will gradually increase
the inflation will increase, it will never reduce
I agree when you get promoted, then you feel really good in the few initial months
Things look much better, but right now, our Hadi has to become an engineer
we have a daughter, & she has to become a doctor
I won't be able to do it alone
I need your support
So, if ever required, I will do the job again. But for now, I think I should quit my job
at least, you should have discussed it with me before taking the decision
Its not a decision, Arham
I've expressed my desire
Okay, if you have decided then what can I say? I will support you
your choice
let me finish my work
is all this written in my fate as well?
Can Hamza keep me happy?
but what does he have to keep me happy?
Sister was right
I have to live with Hamza in a two bedroom house
as if he will take me to the Taj Mahal
even if I got married, then how the situation of this house will change?
Hamza, whose job cannot be trusted. He is unable to afford his own expenses
how will he support my house?
in order to change my situation, I have to refuse from this marriage
I cannot loose hope so soon
I have to take a step myself in order to uplift my fate
my life is not to be caged within the four walls
I want to see this house & all the members of this family to shine bright like a moon
and for that I need to fight with this world & from my fate
I cannot let anyone come in between my intentions
then no matter if its Hamza
hello!
yes Fabiha, this is Arham speaking
I was a bit worried for you, so I thought of calling you
how is your sister?
we have handled her with a lot of difficultly
I can understand
he left her in bad times
even you must be thinking that in what kind of a life I am stuck
Fabiha, life is the name of trials
if you think that you worries are too big, then try to ask someone else about their worries
after that, you will find your worries very small
you are right
its like that
I am not liking anything while seeing my sister in this condition, not even my happiness
good & bad times are already written in our fate
we cannot fight with them before time
therefore, we are helpless in front of our fate
we cannot do anything
one needs to make its own fate, Arham sir
otherwise, a person is unable to handle those happiness which are already written in his/her fate
and we only live once
now it depends on us that in what manner we want to spend it
well, your thinking is good. Its quite late night
I am hanging up, take care
Bye!
Bye!
sister, you haven't slept as of yet?
I had tried a lot
but... when I close my eyes
then only... 
I can see the same scene
sister, please stop it
when it didn't affected him, then why do you want to keep yourself in this torment?
I... 
I took a stand for such a person
who never loved me
nor he ever did anything for me
but Fabiha
you can do a lot
you have time
you are young & beautiful
you can choose a person for yourself who.. 
who will keep you happy
otherwise, what about men!
he gets free from all the responsibilities by just uttering three words of divorce
the way Haris did with me
I don't want that.. 
you shall experience the same that I had experience
therefore, take every decision of your life with a lot of thinking
because the decision you will make
it will make the path of your upcoming life
leave Hamza
sister, what are you saying?
I am saying the right thing
I know you don't love Hamza
and one's stomach cannot be filled with love
we live only once
and if there is no happiness in life, then every moment of life reminds us of death
therefore, set yourself free from this forceful relation
I think, we need to postpone the wedding
its not appropriate to do such a haste in wedding after what happened with Farheen
how much more we need to postpone the wedding, Hamza?
every time, the wedding gets postponed due to some excuse or so
sometimes, its Fabihas issue or sister Shaheen gets sick
and now, Farheen's issue has arise
what can we do, mom?
if we will do the marriage forcefully then it will be called selfishness & I am not selfish
we have to take care of their emotions
so brother, the wedding is not tomorrow. Almost a month is left for the wedding
during this time, sister Farheen's grief will lessen a bit and their emotions will change too
a month is not enough to forget anyone's unfaithful nature, Hania
when sister Shaheen doesn't have any problem, then what problem do you have?
She will manage
yes! If Fabiha have said anything then its a different matter
nobody had said anything to me
its my own decision
how come anybody haven't said anything?
its clearly evident that sister Fabiha had got another reason to refuse from this marriage
I am amazed that why brother is unable to understand this
don't know what blindfold he is wearing
oh my Lord, you are very great & merciful
remove all the worries of my family with this rising sun
you have command on everything
bless my daughter with good fate
remove the worries of my family, my Lord
mom
are you upset with me?
No dear
I am not upset with you
don't you feel angry?
I have endured such a big loss, by not listening to you
I used to make you understand, in order to save you from this torment
but maybe, this was written in your fate
what shall I do now?
I can't find peace
no dear
you have to be patient
there is an ease after every difficulty
mom
try talking to uncle
maybe he knows something, he might have met Haris
no dear
its useless to talk to your uncle
our spectacle will be made in the entire world
you know how your aunty is
She will auction our honor in the entire world
its better for us to stay quiet right now
our honor is already auctioned
maybe, my heart finds a little peace by talking to uncle
if you think that your heart will find peace in this way
then talk to him
you came early today?
yes, Since I got late yesterday so I thought to come early today
I've made the kids & aunty's breakfast. Also I have checked her sugar too
also Arham sir's coffee is almost done
do let me know if you have any other work
I am really sorry. Arham told me about your sister, I felt so bad
how is she now?
when our life is dependent on only one person & he refuses to continue the relation then
it takes time to get back on the track, maam Sanaya
absolutely correct! It takes time
now see, my mother-in-law wanted me to leave the job since very long time
she wanted me to stay at home & take care of the kids
but finally, now its possible
Arham got a promotion, now I can leave the job without any hesitation
everything gets fine with time
are you quitting your job?
yes, I will stay at home & take care of the kids. This way mom will also be happy
what will happen to my job if she quits her job?
and what is sir Arham's perception about it?
Arham wants me to continue the job
but he should be happy with your decision
as you are keeping his family on priority & thinking about his mother
by the way, my mother says "if a man gets the taste of a woman's earning then it never fades away"
serve the coffee to Arham, I am getting late for office. Ok?
I've talked to Mr. Junaid about you
soon he will do an arrangement
don't you worry
after giving so many years to the company, they don't trust our honesty?
what's the use of working in a company where they don't value our time or emotions
Hamza, did you talk to Sanaya maam?
what's the use of talking to her?
after all, she is an employee of this company. She is a part of this company
and nobody puts their job in danger for others
Okay Hamza don't take tension, there might be God's betterment in it
these are a few things, let me return them
maam, these are a few things which I got from the company
check it once, what if there is something missing in it
otherwise, maybe I will be blamed for it as well
I know Hamza you didn't steal anything, I know you
but the allegations on you were proved correct in the audit
I am really sorry
I couldn't change the decision of board of directors
I tried a lot so that you didn't have to pay back the amount, but it couldn't happen
therefore... 
you have to submit 2 lacs within 2 months, otherwise
the company can file a case on you
I know
Sorry Hamza
best of luck for your future
you are so pretty
well-educated
you can get best of the best guys
now look at Sanaya, she is an ordinary looking girl but she is living a luxurious life after marrying Arham
so why can't you live in luxuries?
how do you find Arham?
Coffee
thanks!
The coffee prepared by Sanaya tastes amazing
actually, I have made this coffee
really?
but it tastes exactly like Sanaya's coffee
I learnt it from her
but maybe now she has to make it everyday
what do you mean, are you going somewhere?
maybe
Maam Sanaya was telling me that she is leaving her job
but I don't want this
I tried to explain her, but don't know why she is unable to understand
I think, she should care about your wish
even you are thinking about her betterment
Obviously, you won't be that selfish to think about yourself only
earlier, she used to do the job to make both the ends meet
now if life is giving her a chance, so she should make her career too
she should be happy about it
but, this is your personal matter. What can I say?
but I have a request
I will be needing sometime to return the loan
I cannot return it immediately
don't worry, you are not going anywhere
also your job is as it is
the coffee is good
here is your tea, and your soup
thank you!
have you forgotten mom's medicines prescription?
oh! I forgot that. Let me bring it right away
I remember one thing
even I forgot to tell you guys something
What?
Sanaya had called to inform that Arham got a promotion & now he got a manager's position
Great! but I didn't get any call from Sanaya
why will she call us?
She must be thinking, what if we cast an evil eye on her success
it cannot happen! Sanaya had told me that she had called you both
but you didn't receive
no mom, I didn't got any call from Sanaya or from anyone
neither I got any call, mom
maybe, she had said it in order to make you happy
anyways, I am going to the kitchen. Do let me know if you need anything
Junaid, listen to me
Do call Arham & congratulate him
don't know how he feels, what if he minds
I will call him, don't worry
yes
hello! greetings uncle! this is Farheen speaking
hello!
hello?
shall I try calling Haris once?
my God will take the revenge of the oppression you did with me, Haris
Hania
quickly bring me a cup of tea, I am having severe headache
Greetings mom, how are you?
greetings!
How come you came so early today from your office?
what shall I tell you, mom
you seem worried, is everything fine?
what happened?
the matter is worrisome
tell me something! you are beating about the bush
they have fired me from my job
What!
You got fired from the job?
but why?
how can they fire you from the job so easily? And you've been working since so long
they have put the allegation of stealing on me
they think that I stole the money from the company,
Furthermore, the most worrisome thing is that I have to return that amount to them within 2 months
and how much is the amount?
10 lac rupees
and if I won't be able to return them, then they will file a case of embezzlement against me
Hamza
you've lost your job, also the amount is quite a lot. How we will return it?
something will be arranged, don't worry
how can I not worry? You have lost your job
its such a hefty amount, how will you return it?
what will we do?
but nothing will happen by worrying
a person needs to do something or the other
and I will do
I will fix everything
don't you worry
Does Sister Fabiha know about this matter?
ok tell me something
Where will you two go for your honeymoon after marriage?
do you have any plan to go to Murree or Nathiagali or will you go out of country?
Sanaya had gone to Paris with Arham
where will you go?
desires are like dreams, aunty
which are never fulfilled
they are standing in front of us like a mirror, as soon as you open your eyes
It's more than enough for me to visit my parents' house the day after my marriage
come here
why your desires won't be fulfilled?
now look at Sanaya
Arham fulfills all her undue wishes as well
So, you will also get your needs fulfilled by your husband, why not?
We can shift the responsibility to the person who is capable of handling it
what does Hamza do?
Does he have a job or does he run his own business?
He works in maam Sanaya's office in accounts department
Oh I see...
so he is an accountant
hmm... his salary must be almost 40 to 50 thousand only
but nowadays, its difficult to survive in this salary
right?
It may be nearing completion, or it might have already finished by now
oho! its such an oppression with you Fabiha
How can a person who doesn't earn well keep you happy? 
Why is your mother marrying you to him?
its my mother's decision, aunty
Okay
its not necessary that all the decisions of our elders are correct
I don't think its right, yet she is your real mother
what quality do you lack?
you are so pretty
well-educated
you can get best of the best guys
now look at Sanaya, she is an ordinary looking girl but she is living a luxurious life after marrying Arham
so why can't you live in luxuries?
how do you find Arham?
what!
tell me, how do you find Arham?
he is good
just good?
my son is so graceful & handsome
and look at Sanaya
there is no match
honestly speaking, I would have made you my daughter-in-law. As I like you so much
do you know
many times we need to leave the compulsions of relations behind in order to move ahead in your lives
every time, emotional decisions aren't correct
I must say, find someone for yourself
look around yourself
you might find someone better than Hamza, who gives you all the happiness that you deserve
Anyways, send Arham to me
tell him, your mother is calling you
Okay
how do you find Arham?
Arham sir
Arham sir
Fabiha
Sir, Aunty sent me to call you. I was looking for you, but the door locked behind me
now its not opening, please have a look
Relax! this door gets locked like this. Let me open it right away
this door gets locked just like this
check for the keys in that drawer
Fabiha
Fabiha
Fabiha
Fabiha
Arham sir, there are no keys here
Fabiha
Relax, Sanaya has come. She will open the door
If anyone sees us together like this, they might get the wrong idea
and then she is your wife
Fabiha, Sanaya & I love each other. We trust each other
So relax, don't worry!
She trusts you, not me
and misunderstandings do happen in this relation of love
and I don't want your family to be destroyed along with my character
please, try to understand
Arham
yes Sanaya, the door got locked. Kindly try to open it from outside
Ok wait, I have the keys let me open the door
where is Fabiha?
I am asking you Arham, where is Fabiha?
she must be inside mom's room, where else she could be?
No, she is not inside mom's room. Nor inside the kitchen
Anyways, Mr. Akram has canceled my resignation
he was saying that I am in a 2 years contract
I can't leave the job until I finish heading the project
its a good thing, even I want you to continue your job & make your career
shall I ask you something?
yes, go ahead
haven't you become habitual of my job?
Sanaya, what childish thing are you saying? Who said this to you?
Just like that... I had a feeling in my heart, so I asked you
anyways...
let me freshen up, then we'll drink tea