hmm... I remember, tell me shall I talk to boss about your promotion?
do you think boss will agree if you say so?
yes yes, nowadays I am his favorite
whatever you want to get done, just say it. It will be done
I don't want anyone to do anything anymore, Hamza
in fact, please end this story of pick & drop as well
I will manage my commute to office myself
it doesn't look good
do one thing, stop the car here as the bus is about to come. I will go to the store myself
but Farheen, what's wrong with you? What are you saying? I cannot drop you in the middle of our journey?
Hamza please try to understand my point. Ok stop the car, let me explain you
See... it doesn't look good
What must the office people be thinking? So it's better for me to manage my commute myself
Farheen, what's wrong with you? Who is putting such things into your mind. What are you saying?
you are my responsibility, I cannot leave you in the middle of the way
Hamza, please try to understand my point
I won't be able to travel with you anymore
Hadi...
Hadi?
Granny...
oh my children are here, my doll...
greetings!
Greetings!
look, my new Elsa doll
Wow beautiful! who bought it for you?
my father had gifted it to me
hmm... come here
granny, where is Anaya?
Anaya must be in her room, go play with her
how are you my dear?
I am fine, mom. How about you?
hey, Hadi didn't meet her granny
Hadi's mood is a bit off today
Hadi's mood is off? Let me fix it right away
had your mom scolded you?
if your mom had scolded you, then I will also scold your mother
I wanted to play with Fabiha aunty, but Granny Mom brought me here forcefully
really! have you brought him forcefully?
go & play in Anaya's room, as there are so many toys there
Anaya fights with me
really? Anaya fights with you
what's wrong with Hadi? Is he being so cranky nowadays?
you know
his exams are round the corner, I was a bit strict so his mood got off
its ok, don't take tension. Everything will be fine once the exams will be over. Ok?
would you like to drink tea?
mom, let me make some pop corns too. Hadi will also feel happy
thank you so much, sister
do fry some kebabs for my daughter, she loves them
Oh... mom's daughter is here
so sister Shaheen, how are you doing?
I'm fine, Are you fine?
yes
do you remember Gul-e-Rana, our old neighbors?
yes
her daughter's marriage got fixed with Jahan Ara's son
sister Shaheen, tell me... you've called me after such a long time
Yes, I called you here because I had some important work
yes yes, tell me
by the way, I can't see Farheen anywhere. I wanted to drink some tea
Farheen has started a job, so she is usually at work at this time
honestly speaking, I am so worried about her
until when I will sit here & take care of her
tell me some good proposal for Farheen
sister Shaheen, please don't mind
but the entire neighborhood knows
That your younger daughter has left you after humiliating you.
and then Farheen's divorce
now tell me, from where we'll get a good proposal?
tell me truly
if you say so, then we can get a widower
I do have some proposals
yesterday Shakir's sister had called & asked me to show the girl
if you say so, then shall I talk to them?
Yes, but what does the guy do?
the guy owns a pan shop, he keeps children stuff in it
And there are two unmarried sisters in the house, the other two are married
He has two married brothers, so their wives and kids are also there
and his father is has already died
so its just a small house
call it a zoo!
tell me about some small family
then let me tell you about Noreen
Noreen's brother is there
his wife died four months ago
she died after leaving a daughter behind
she also wants some girl for her brother
only he & his sister lives in that house
your daughter will live a luxurious life
if you say so then shall I proceed with the matter?
you may, but..
don't tell about Fabiha
hey, don't you worry
have you asked Farheen?
don't worry about that
let me speak to Noreen right away
Did Arham let you come?
why will he stop me?
responsibilities are over, rights are over
I wish, I would do something for you Sanaya
I just need your prayers mom
And don't worry a lot about me. I have compromised
everything happens in a compromise
a house responsibility, kids... a husband's support
but a husband's love & care is not there
his emotions are not there
this is a compromise
since I got to know about Fabiha
I have started feeling very upset
when I have already explained my heart, then why are you taking so long to explain it to your heart?
don't think too much, don't get worried a lot
you get sick while thinking a lot about me, & then brother Junaid gets worried
did Junaid said something to you?
No mom, he haven't said anything
but being a sister, I can understand her worries
See, if he says anything to you then let me know. I will fix him right away
No, he haven't said anything mom
just don't think too much for me
okay my dear, I love you!
the truth is that.. 
brother Junaid & I don't want to loose you
Farheen
yes tell me
ok tell me, what have you mind?
nothing
then what happened, why are you ignoring me?
when am I ignoring?
Hamza, you know if I get late for ten minutes then several work gets pending on my head
hello!
who is this speaking?
have you stopped recognizing my voice too?
See, don't waste your time by calling here again & again
I told you that you are dead for me, so that's it!
If I have died, then why have you still hung my picture in your house?
why my bag is still hanging inside the room?
Why are you putting both of us in torment by keeping me away from you?
I don't want to talk to you, disconnect the call
but mom listen. Hello?
hello!
you've picked up the phone on the first bell today, all good?
yes, because the phone was in my hand as I was talking to my mom
So what did you guys talk about? Has her anger cooled a bit?
absolutely not!
I know her very well, she won't agree so easily
leave these matters, stay ready today we'll go on a dinner
is there anything special today?
Every moment when we are together and no one is between us is special for us
oh really!
you can test it
Okay, let me try
be ready
Okay, I'll see you
Bye!
bye!
I am thinking to make Biryani (rice) & Spaghetti
The kids will eat it as well, and you like it too
Okay
by the way, what's your plan for today?
what do you mean?
tomorrow is your Anniversary Sanaya, have you forgotten?
When the relationship that used to bring happiness no longer exists, then what's the point of celebrating an anniversary?
this is a chance to bring back brother Arham towards you
When you've entered this battle, then hope to achieve victory.
sister, Arham is not in a mood to listen to anything right now
And the situation in the house is especially affecting Hadi
I don't understand what to do
Hadi is being expelled from the school
yes, Junaid had told me
Even Hadi's antics are becoming unbearable
men never understands
in order to hide their mistakes, they point of hundred mistakes of a woman
By the way, the children for whom you made so many sacrifices..
today their future is on the stake
everything is happening because of Arham 
He is a sinner to my children, just as he is to me
anyways leave it, lets do the preparations
fix your mood, everything will be fine
will you help me in cutting the tomatoes?
yes
Farheen, come sit in the car. Let me drop you
No its ok Hamza, I will go home by bus. You may go
What is this childish attitude, Farheen? Don't be stubborn and get in the car. You got out of the car this morning as well
Hamza, please
don't create a drama on the road, I am telling you that I will go by bus
Farheen please, listen..
my bus is here
but Farheen, listen...
Farheen, wait
Farheen haven't come as of yet
greetings mom!
Greetings! You took so long to come back today
Yes, actually, I got a bus very late
bus?
but you had gone with Hamza, so why bus on your way back?
Mom, today on wards I will manage my commute myself
its good, this way we'll be saved from Hamza's favors on us
Oh yes, Shamim visited today with a proposal
its a good proposal, the guy is also good. Even the family isn't too big
I have asked her to come tomorrow to see you
do come early from your office
God!
what's wrong with you, how can you make such a big decision yourself?
so, why I would have asked you?
one day or the other, you have to get married
Mom, I don't want to get married at all
as it is, I know Shamim aunty
The proposal she brought must be for a guy who is definitely a father of two kids
really!
As if you would get a proposal from a bachelor, furthermore, you are a divorced woman
Whatever decision I have made, only that will be done
See, I am your mother not an enemy
even Hania will be married now
Are you asking me to climb the gallows because of Hania?
its not that matter!
every girl makes her family after getting married
also you won't be getting a proposal from some king or prince
You've started to get old. Have you ever looked in the mirror?
Mom, however I am, I am happy. You don't have to worry about me
how can I not worry?
Will I sit here for my entire life to take care of you?
everyone has to leave this world one day or the other
But we don't stop living because we are afraid of death
Please, I beg you. Remove the thought of my marriage from your heart. I don't want to get married or anything
Fine! You have always done everything as per your consent
first, you had been crying for that Haris
when he divorced you then you saw your mother
now you'll only do as I will ask you to do, that's it!
I won't agree with you, mom
Whatever you are getting, think of it as a blessing
Quietly get married and start your own family. Until when will you keep knocking on your mother's door?
this society won't let you live in peace
mom, don't you feel a little mercy on me?
I am feeling mercy, that's why I am thinking good for you
enough of your good thinking for me, now let me be
we can spend our life without a man as well, I don't want to get married
you have to get married, & that's my final decision!
what if mom gets me married forcefully, then?
I just saw some life
how can I follow the path which is completely strange for me?
I have to do something, Farheen
but what shall I do?
what shall I do if Hamza couldn't understand my feelings
Arham, what are you doing?
Nothing, just come with me quietly & no questions
but Arham...
hey trust me
Arham, I can't see anything. Remove your hand, Arham!
ok, remove your hand
two, three... ta da...
is this all for me?
This is evident for my wife's happiness
Happy Anniversary!
Happy Anniversary, Arham
thank you so much!
cut the cake
oh!
thank you so much, Arham
I'm sorry, I forgot to get the flowers
I will never forget you
I will take the revenge on the day of judgement
I am joking..
our love doesn't need the support of flowers, Arham
If you ever feel that the love between us is diminishing then...
Freshen our love by giving just one flower
not just one, I will bring the entire bouquet
now eat the cake
check your gift
Hadi, what are you doing? how many times I've told you to write on the line
but you aren't listening to me
you never used to do this way, so what's the issue now?
don't you want to do top this time?
I want to
alright then, remove this & write it again
Hareem, what happened my dear? Why are you crying, what's the matter?
Fabiha aunty has moved all the stuff from our room
what?
She also told me that, from today onwards, it's not our room anymore. I want my room
my dear, nobody will take your room from you. Your mom is with you
I will talk to Fabiha aunty once your dad is back home, Ok?
don't cry...
please come with me
Hareem, listen to me my dear. What's wrong? Don't cry a lot. Everything will be fine
Fabiha aunty will take everything away from us, Mom!
my dear, no body will take away anything from you. Trust me!
mom is here, your mom will talk to your dad once he comes back home. Ok?
you are your mother's brave daughter
ok tell me, would you like to have an ice-cream?
I don't want to eat an ice-cream
Okay, if not ice cream then pop corn?
I don't want to eat anything
mom, did you call me?
yes, sit
I want to talk to you
Tell me, who allowed you to become a wall between me & Sanaya?
what's wrong with you? What as such I have done?
The same way I am your mother, I am Sanaya's mother too
and children grief is same
But you left her alone in this situation
you have proved to be so selfish!
you had gone to her house, right?
you said to her, not to share any of her house related matter with me
mom I...
Did you say it or not?
listen to me, I...
did you go or not?
yes or no?
yes, I had gone
And I had forbidden her to not share with you, so that you wouldn't fall sick
just because of it
she considers you as her father
And you left her alone? You wanted to distance her from her blood relations?
We should stand by her during such circumstances
you haven't done good with her, she honors you!
she respects you!
She wants your betterment. She obeys each and every word of yours as the final verdict
and what you did with her?
Look into yourself and see what you did to my daughter. You left her completely alone.
Mom, the same way she is dear to you, she is dear to me
My intention was just that you should not fall sick, that's why I told her not to discuss her issues with you
a person who is upset, he cries about it
won't he discuss it with his mother?
There is a beggar who goes door to door saying, 'This is my problem. I want this.'
can't he discuss this with his mother & siblings?
mom look...
go away from here! I don't want to see your face. Go away!
mom, listen to me
go away!
go!
Whose permission did you take to take these pictures?
from Arham's, whose else?
did Arham asked you to remove these pictures?
You may think that way, but if I don't like them, why would he like them?
And when your presence is no longer in this house, what will we do with your pictures and memories here?
eventually I have to throw them off
so I thought of burying all the things
Your pictures will be inside the store, and you will be sent to your parents' house
Also, did you remove the children's stuff from their room at Arham's orders?
So, has your dearest daughter complained to you?
don't bring the children in between, Fabiha
my children are already very disturbed, so don't test my patience
When Arham has removed you from his heart, what will you do by staying in this house?
Even if you want to, I still won't let you stay here
I won't be afraid of your threats
I have an equal right to this house, as much as you do
And nobody can take my right away from me. Understand? Neither you nor Arham