Sanaya, there is no point in apologizing. 
You will raise questions again if anything will happen again. So, please let it be.
I promise I won't raise any questions. 
Promises are needed in those relations where there is no trust.
So you should trust me to avoid such promises.
Shouting only shows how a person's character is,
 it doesn't show that he is right. Now it's enough.
We can manage household expenses from Farheen's earning. You should think about your marriage. 
Oh really?
Then listen to me
I am not going to marry Hamza.
Please tell aunt Nasreen
She is a woman and she can doubt anyone.
Nothing as such will happen
 you won't be accused
I am not afraid if anything like that happens.
Because I am sure that you won't allow any one to defame me
A woman only needs love from her husband
his time, which shall be only for her. That's it!
whom are you calling?
No one, actually I got a message from the bank
Okay
tell me, which shirt shall I press for tonight?
blue one
I had called Fabiha, she is also coming
Kindly pick her up if she faces any problem in coming here
Actually, we need to buy the fruits on our way, and mom cannot sit in the car for too long. That's why I was saying this
okay
Arham
what's the matter?
I've been noticing since last night that you are worried
no, there isn't any such thing
then why I am feeling so distanced from you?
I said, there isn't any such thing you are just over-thinking
Arham, I have never seen you in such a deep thought ever
what's the matter?
you know, I get worried whenever I get any message or call from the bank
so Relax!
and I always take you out of this tension
why are you getting worried? I am here, I will pay the loan
And Mister, you are forgetting that you are now promoted
Now you can pay off your loan yourself
come on, fix your mood now & give me a nice smile
Okay?
Even you didn't leave any chance to humiliate me at your in-laws' family.
She is saying the right thing. Hamza has been on your side in every bad situation
he had been the protector of your honor
so what do you want? Do you want your daughter to help him by giving 10 lacs?
What do you think? Do I work as a Minister? 
I haven't paid off the loan that I took for my sister as of yet
but your Sanaya maam is on a good position, you should have asked her. She would have helped us a bit
but no! Don't know in what thoughts you are lost. You are so lost!
sister Nasreen is in such a bad condition while crying continuously
it had to happen, after all he is her only son
And if the money is not returned, then the punishment can be extended
I think Hamza has gone to jail for a long time now
be quiet! Whenever you speak, you utter wrong words only
you can pray for something better as well
and yes! why are you standing like an idol?
go, call your sir Arham. He will help us
He might have connections with influential people; he can get Hamza released
go!
What's wrong, Mom? What respect will be left of mine in front of them?
i am not discussing anything with them
Right now, the protector of your honor is in jail
I am saying this to save your honor. Don't argue with me & go!
no matter what you say, but I am not talking to them about anything
really!
Farheen, go call sir Arham from her phone & make me speak to him
now go, get up!
No, sister...
sister
what are you doing?
I am calling, what else?
don't!
let him stay inside, I am getting rid of him with such a difficulty
what are you saying, Fabiha. Are you mad?
I am saying the right thing. Just think, I will be saved from marriage until he is inside the jail
And how will Mom find out whether I spoke to Arham or not?
Fabiha, I think you've gone mad
what if mom gets to know, then?
so you are here, you will handle her
hello!
what happened, Fabiha?
is everything fine, you sound anxious
Actually, I was in the kitchen, and I came running to pick up the phone. That's why I am breathless
are you sure?
yes
Okay, I will come to pick you by 6 PM. Be ready
Okay
bye!
what was he saying?
Actually, there is a dinner invitation at Sanaya Ma'am's parents' house, so I have to go with Auntie
and you will go?
Obviously, I will go. After all, I have to make new relations in order to forget the old ones
Since I took a flight, I have to make my own way
don't know in what condition my son must be
nothing will happen, mom
brother will come back
Hania, you don't know how merciless these policemen are
don't know how they will treat my son
The place where Sister Fabiha works, she is a manager at my brother's office
She has talked to them, they are saying that he will be back soon
do you have her number?
no mom, I don't have the number
She had called me once to discuss some matter related to Hamza
check my phone log, her number might be there
its such an old matter, mom
her number won't be there anymore
Hania, at least check once
okay, let me check
If Hamza doesn't get bail today, then he has to stay in jail for the entire night
and if he has to stay inside the jail
then don't know how badly the policemen will treat him
what happened, mom?
are you fine?
mom
yes, I am fine
That's why I was telling you not to cry; you are getting sick from crying continuously
oh God, what shall I do? My son is in such a big problem
mom... 
how am I looking?
Selfish
yesterday, you were selfish for brother Haris
and today, I am for Arham
today, I am realizing your feelings
that the place you were yesterday, today I am standing on the same place
Fabiha
don't you think that you should support Hamza right now?
sister, his fate is not supporting him then what will I do by supporting him?
and nothing happens by a few days
Let today's day pass, then I will talk to Arham
and, will you handle mom if anything wrong happens?
I will try
bye!
mom
sir Arham is here, just pray. I am leaving
Are you going to the police station or some dinner, getting so dressed up?
mom, I am wearing such an old dress
What is the need for you to go to the police station?
I'll speak to Arham myself...
No no, mom.. 
what's wrong with you? He is not our servant
somebody needs to go along with him as a witness
and he isn't Hamza's relative that he will get distressed for him
So, I am leaving as he must be waiting
Hello! yes Sanaya?
Sanaya, I am about to reach
Okay
have you removed the band aid?
yes, my hand is much better now
By the way, you also get so uncomfortable every Sunday because of my mother
no no, there isn't any such thing
I like spending time with the kids & aunty
what else do you like?
Honestly speaking, I have never felt so comfortable anywhere ever
I always did my job as a job, 9 to 5
and here, it seems as its my duty
sometimes, I feel as if its my own house
I'm sorry, I am speaking just like that
desires cannot change a person's status
but prayers can
prayers are very powerful
go, sit in the car
mom is waiting for you, go bring her
be careful...
lets go
don't know where she must be wandering around 
I don't have any of her update as of yet
for now, Hamza is being tortured
honestly speaking, for the first time in my life I am feeling sympathetic towards Hamza
its every girl's desire to get a companion like Hamza
who dance on her fingertips
who considers her every word as the last word
He not only insists on his own words but also listens to her
but... Fabiha's attitude is sky high
if someone else had been in Hamza's place & all this would have happened
then don't know he would have left her long time ago
Due to some good deeds, this relationship is still hanging in the balance
Anyways leave it, call Fabiha & ask her where is she
Did something happen or not? 
Did she get Hamza released from jail, or is she doing an outing somewhere?
call her
do you think, Fabiha will be able to get Hamza released from the jail?
yes, why not?
even earlier, Arham had helped us
I think even now he will give some assurance and get him bailed out
but mom, if it didn't happen then?
then I will feel so embarrassed in front of sister Nasreen
I have given her so much of hope & assurance
mom, that's why I am saying. if you say so then shall I try talking to my sir?
does he have connections?
that I don't know
But let me ask, maybe he might do something
Okay, ask him
Okay
my dear, my doll... 
I felt so happy that you came to our house after forgetting all the past grievances
I just came here because of her, because of Fabiha
I had clearly told Arham that I will only go if Fabiha will go
as Sanaya can hardly take care of my responsibility
I can't see sister-in-law, where is she?
She is inside the kitchen, working & checking on the dinner. Go
let me go & help her
you have such a good luck in this matter
Even I had such a big desire that sometimes Hadia would also receive such a lavish dinner invitation, but...
my daughter-in-law is hardly at home
by the way, when is Hadia coming?
she is coming next week. Since there is a wedding at her in-laws family, so she is coming to attend that
do visit our house whenever Hadia comes
yes yes, why not? If Sanaya will invite her sister-in-law with respect then why we won't come? We will come for sure
By the way, now a dinner is due on us for your family. So tell me, when will you guys visit us?
Good deeds and constantly asking about them. We'll come whenever you invite us
It's decided then, we are having a grand dinner as soon as Hadia comes
lets go Fabiha aunty, lets go upstairs in the garden to play. Please come, play
please come
go go, he feels like going & he won't go anywhere without you
take him
now see, he doesn't stay without her even for a second
he has become so habitual of her
Shama, what about the rice? Hurry up
Everyone got together today after so many days
And it's all possible because of you
If you hadn't ended your anger, then all of us wouldn't have been together like this
there is no use of digging the past
its better to focus on the future, ok?
okay by the way, shall I ask you something
if you don't mind
yes sister, go ahead
since this girl is with aunty?
Fabiha?
sister, its not been a long time. Why?
Strange!
It hasn't been a long time, and the kids and aunty have become so accustomed to her
don't you find it a bit weird?
weird means?
don't you think that she is taking your place, Sanaya?
No sister, she is just an ordinary caretaker
The way your kids have become accustomed to her, and aunty doesn't get tired of praising her
I don't think her status as an ordinary one
you shouldn't be giving her so much of freedom, Sanaya
no sister, you are over-thinking. There isn't any such thing
and Fabiha is a sensible & well-educated girl
look, the word 'nobility' suits with a girls name
but a man's nature isn't noble
but opportunistic
See, I am not your sister-in-law but I am explaining you as a sister
its fine until the status of a caretaker
But... I didn't find it appropriate to bring her into the dinner invites like this
also mom was getting so worried, I tried explaining her but... 
are you getting my point, what I am trying to tell you
they are your kids, you should be with them
you go for the job, & the kids are getting attached to her Sanaya
If the kids become distant from you, then nobody else will be at fault but you
are you getting what I am saying?
you are thinking a lot uselessly, there isn't any such thing
and I completely trust Arham
don't worry, everything is fine. Ok?
Ok tell me, let me help you
you don't need to help at all. You will ruin your makeup, so go
Ok, stay here & talk to me
Shama... you haven't brought the rice as of yet
all the crockery is here, let me take them to the table
I had a word with Mr. Ajmal, and he said he will get Hamza bailed out
really?
Thank God!
Call Fabiha and ask her where she is, as she hasn't come back yet
Okay
mom, she is not picking up the phone
call her again & keep calling until she picks up the phone
and keep it on the speaker. Hurry up!
caught you!
this is your... 
what are you doing?
Hey Fabiha... wait
Fabiha, its your mother's call
what?
Come, let me play with you
Okay?
dad, catch us
what happened, is everything okay?
come on
tell me what's there in your heart
maybe these distances lessen
will you agree?
I?
yes you, Fabiha
brother look, please let me talk to my mother once. I will come back myself, I won't do anything
I won't do anything forcefully
I am not doing anything forcefully. Look, my mother is not well
please give me the phone, I will do whatever you will ask me to do. Brother... 
my mother is not well, please listen to me
listen, wait. Brother please
listen to me, please listen to me
oh God, oh my Lord... 
you are merciful, compassionate
you are our helper and supporter
oh God... 
keep my Hamza in your protection
oh my Lord... 
oh my God, please ease our difficulties
your prayers are answered, sister Farheen had called
mom?
mom, why are you sleeping here? Get up
mom
mom, get up. Let me take you inside
No
mom
No! No... mom, please wake up. Let me take you inside
please get up. mom... please get up
mom... no
no God no... please no. Mom!
mom, please wake up. Mom
mom, please wake up. See, brother is coming back
mom, brother is coming back
No... 
mom
mom, what shall I do?
mom, what shall I do? please wake up
hello!
sister Farheen, mom is not talking to me
she has gone quiet, I don't know
please come..
Somiya, where is Inaya & Hareem? I can't see them
Both the madams requested to have dinner served in their rooms
oh aunty, please take some
yes yes, I am taking
Somya, serve aunty
come on my dear, open your mouth
No, I don't want to eat
why my dear?
No, I want to eat a sandwich
my dear, mom will make you a sandwich. Promise, Ok?
No, I want to eat a sandwich
you are my good son, right?
So don't annoy me, come on
its okay, let me get some sandwiches for Hadi
No, I want to eat sandwiches prepared by Fabiha aunty
Hadi, your aunt is making a sandwich for you
No no!
Hadi!
Hadi?
oh, he got upset
these kids... let me check
maam, please sit. Let me see. Please eat your dinner
did you see
these kids don't like anything without Fabiha
mom, brother Hamza will come right away
then you will wake up
mom, see brother Hamza is here
let me bring him
see, mom is not saying anything
what?
yes, don't know what happened to her
mom
see, mom they are here. They will take you to the hospital
you will be fine now
Indeed, to Allah we belong and to Allah we shall return
Call an ambulance
sister, please tell her to wake up
brother Hamza is coming
come out
you're free now
hurry up!
come quickly
Shall I say something, if you don't mind?
yes, go ahead
I think, maam Sanaya's family didn't like my presence in their house
whether anyone likes it or not
but I liked it
really!
why, I shouldn't have liked it?
what difference does it make if you like it, Arham?
even I like something
but I cannot get it
why you cannot get it?
because he is of someone else
even I cannot get her
why you cannot get her?
because I am of someone else, and maybe
she as well
what if you want to become hers, then?
one-sided love doesn't matters
how can you be so sure that your love is one-sided?
did you tell her?
what duty are you guys doing?
I am getting scolded by the SHO, because of you guys!
yes, you've been bailed out for the next 15 days
but return the money as soon as possible
understand?
pick up your things & leave
and why are you guys looking at my face?
you guys also leave
Fabiha, why aren't you picking up the call?
what's wrong, even Hania is not picking up the call
No, I haven't told her
then?
She thinks that I am quite far from her reach
is she really that far from your reach?
tell me what's there in your heart
maybe these distances lessen
will you agree?
I?
yes you, Fabiha
No...
Hania, please compose yourself
So, her son proved to be a thief, though
hey!
Hania...
the embarrassment took away her life
mom!
you are absolutely correct
may God have mercy.
brother...
brother, mom...
bring me my mother
bring my mother
bring my mother
have patience, please control yourself
hey.. please control yourself
I want my mother
I want to talk to mom
please compose yourself, Hania...
I want to talk to mom
Hania, my dear please get a grip on yourself
I want to talk to mom
brother...
mom! I want to talk to mom
I want to talk to mom
what's the matter?
sit here, I want to talk to you. Sit down
what's the matter, mom?
there is no happiness on your face by my arrival, you seem worried
if mothers don't worry, then children can never make the right decisions
do you think, I made a wrong decision?
very big!
why mom?
a husband is a very big blessing
cook food for him, decorate his house. Fulfill all the responsibility of a wife
but we need to keep an eye on him as well
And you! You've handover your husband to another woman yourself
Oh mom...
are you talking about Fabiha?
Arham is my husband, and I never want him to look at another woman
as far as Fabiha is concerned, then she a literate & well-educated girl
I trust Arham more than Fabiha, mom
So much of trust in a few days companionship?
I am your mother, I will never want anything bad for you
Arham is my life
A wife gets to know first whatever action her husband takes
you are worrying for no reason
my daughter look, be very careful
come on
Fabiha
Look, if you need anything, then call me without any hesitation
listen
Fabiha, I am in a strange situation. Whatever I had said to you in the car
you had said whatever you wanted to
but maybe you are forgetting that you are married
I haven't forgotten
I do remember that I am married, and I am fulfilling my marriage as well
and I will keep fulfilling it
I agree that I am weak but I am not impervious
I cannot ruin any woman's marriage
Fabiha, today life has put me in a strange situation
my destination is in front of me but...
there is no way to reach towards it
I don't want you to get stuck
therefore its better for you...
to go back from here
mom, what happened to aunt Nasreen?
where were you?
where were you!
I...
I was at the police station
Hamza was in the jail
and you are lying to me!
you are lying to me!
There was a dinner at his wife's parents' house, and he wouldn't have helped me after extending his dinner invitation
you also went to enjoy the dinner, right?
why are you embarrassing me in front of Hamza?
what will he think when he gets to know about it?
Look, his mother lost her life while waiting for him. She died.
A man, puts an allegation on someone within a few seconds
Just pray that Hamza doesn't need to go through all of this
otherwise, everything will be finished
Mom, they have bought my time by giving me the money. Why don't you get it?
I can understand your compulsion, but they won't
if you want your daughter to spend her live according to your norms, then please let me return Haroon's money
after that, your daughter will be free & this relation will be saved
you took so long in coming back
yes, actually... when we reached at Fabiha's house to drop her
there we got to know about Hamza's mother
she died
then I went to drop Fabiha at his house
Indeed, to Allah we belong and to Allah we shall return
then I should also be going there
the funeral time is not decided yet, Hamza has gone to the hospital. It will be confirmed by tomorrow
are the kids asleep?
yes
When had Junaid dropped you?
he had dropped me at 9 PM
and do you know how stubborn Hadi has become!
Although I had said no to him, he still insisted a lot that he wanted to eat an ice cream
Sanaya, you know how much our son loves ice cream. Whenever we go out, he wishes for the same
There is a lot of difference between expressing your desire and being stubborn, Arham
he has become so stubborn that he wasn't listening to anyone
what my brother must be thinking
Usually, we are not with the kids, and they have become so stubborn while being with the caretaker
Let Fabiha come, and I will ask her not to fulfill every desire of the kids, as they are becoming stubborn
there is no need to fulfill their every desire