please don't worry, mom I will get a job 
you've become so grown up now, that you'll lie to your mother on her face. Right?
I keep telling everyone in our family that my daughter had never lied to me
she had never let me down 
but now, you've let me down not in front of the family only but in front of this whole world
it was more important to reach hospital, Arham
 Hadi is also important, Sanaya!
we cannot loose one child for another 
and Hareem is in this condition, because she didn't get the medicine
medicine.. 
So you are trying to say that my mother didn't gave the medicine to Hareem on time?
 I haven't said this thing, but the doctor had. That Hareem got the fits because she wasn't given any medicine
The anger was just for a night. Hareem came back from the mouth of the death
its all due to sister-in-law's carelessness
and brother doesn't care about his daughter at all
because she has given the taste of her earnings to my son
its her desire...
but she puts the entire blame on my poor & naive son
brother doesn't have any importance of your words too
what about men...
they are ready to enter the hell with their wives after leaving their paradise
the actual task is of a woman, where do they take them
why don't you talk to sister-in-law's family?
what shall I talk to them?
they will say that my son is making their daughter do the job
So? their daughter will be the one who is being oppressed & we'll be the cruel ones
hmm... but you should fix brother Arham's mother-in-law
its all her doing. She teaches inappropriate things to her daughter
and for sure, this idea of doing a job must be of her
did she took care of our Hareem in the same manner, the way she takes care of her son's daughter?
its very important to make brother realize this as well!
let them come, I will ask them for sure
yes, its important. Both mother daughter duo is making my brother a fool
otherwise, tell me how is this possible that a son doesn't give importance to her mother?
and a father ignores his children
Ok mom, I am going as I have to leave for the airport at 8 PM. Ok?
Okay
come safely in God's protection. Come quickly
Good bye!
mom, mom... mom!
Hadi
hello my dear, how is my son?
Hello doll... how is my daughter?
Greetings mom, how are you?
I'm fine, you tell me
brother, how are you?
Greetings!
this is for you & Hareem
brother, what was the need for all this?
we don't go empty hands to a sister's house. Come
thank you!
please come, brother come...
lets go
you are looking so pretty, mom
really?
how are you feeling now?
I am fine, was just worried about Hareem. How is she?
where is she?
she must be coming
granny...
Greetings!
greetings aunty!
Greetings!
how is my dear grand daughter, my life...
thank God, otherwise you didn't leave a chance to kill my grand daughter
what are you saying, sister Riffat?
All of us keep Hareem more dear than our own lives
how can you think of it?
you didn't give me a chance to think good
instead of explaining your daughter, you have teamed up with her
by the way, I have never seen such a clever woman than you Asiya
you make your daughter-in-law serve you for day & night
and here you've made my daughter-in-law do the job, so that she get rid of serving her mother-in-law
right?
mom!
we came to inquire about well-being from a patient, sister
as far as I remember...
your grand daughter had never been to the hospital, right?
as you have never shown any careless attitude towards her
We didn't do any carelessness in Hareem's matter too
really!
Asiya, your words must have importance if we hadn't seen it with our own eyes
but how will you have an idea of our pain
you will realize the intensity of our pain, the day you'll see your grand daughter in this condition
God forbid! What are you saying?
aunty, I know you are worried but don't drag my daughter in all this. Please
sister, please..
Somya, be quiet
Junaid, we came to see the patient here. Not to get cursed
she should be thankful to us that we are handling her responsibilities, yet she is cursing us
by the way aunty, you should be thankful that Sanaya is supporting your son
if your daughter is earning, it doesn't mean that anyone can come to my house & insult me!
I am living in my son's house
you are standing in my house, its not your daughter's house
if I want, I can oust you by holding your hand
therefore, it would be better for you guys to leave from here yourself
mom, why are you exaggerating the matter?
I will talk to you in front of Arham
lets go, mom
brother, where are you going? Please don't go
sister, listen to me. Mom, please explain them
Sanaya...
listen to me please
the matter shouldn't get escalated, so it would be better for you to let us go
Mom!
mom, don't leave in anger like this. I am not liking it.
Brother, please listen to me
Sanaya look, I'll talk to you later. We cannot talk right now
brother actually...
don't know why Arham is not attending the phone
don't know what mom must be telling Arham
hey, my dear. What happened? Come to mom
mom, we are feeling so afraid
Why? Why are you feeling afraid? Your mom is here with you, Come to me
why my child is feeling afraid? My life...
there is no need to be afraid, your mom is here with you. Ok?
mom
yes
why granny (paternal) was saying such things to granny (maternal)?
she is so nice, she takes very good care of us
I know my dear
maybe, granny won't come to our house ever again
no my dear...
she will come, why not?
she will come to meet us
granny (paternal) isn't good at all!
yes mom, granny (paternal) isn't good at all
bad manners..
she is our elder
don't think like this about your granny, ok?
granny (paternal) doesn't like grandma (maternal), the way granny doesn't like you
who said to you that granny doesn't like mom?
because she makes your complaints to dad on daily basis
bad manners...
actually your mother forgets granny's works
that's why
granny gets a big angry
she is our elder
she can be angry
she can scold as well
but the one whom we love...
we don't let them get upset
and if someone gets upset, then we appease them immediately by giving them a hug
granny is bad...
you both will never think this again, ok?
Okay mom
Good!
don't be afraid
you don't have to be afraid at all
your mom is with you
always
Somya, you shouldn't have argued with Sanaya's mother-in-law
you know, she is habitual of saying such things
Junaid is right, Somya
sometimes, a person has to tolerate many bitter things
specially of a daughter's in-laws
its such a delicate relation, my dear
mom, I couldn't tolerate her words for Anaya
and you are also a mother, if anyone treats Junaid like this then will you tolerate it?
mothers have to tolerate so much, dear
Sanaya had to hear so much because of you
because of me?
then?
what because of me, Junaid?
everything was done by Sanaya's mother-in-law
and Anaya is our daughter, the way I had felt bad the same way you should have felt
so what do you think, didn't I mind?
I had tolerated it for the sake of the relations
when I can tolerate, then you could have tolerated too
I haven't done anything wrong
Stop it you both! What's done is done
don't ruin the peace of your house, because of someone else
mom, I am not ruining the environment but he is
if its in parents control, then they would have bought their daughter's happiness
oh God!
what was the need of it? Why did you say this in front of mom?
 I will not care about anyone, until nobody will care about me in this house
sister, why don't you get it. Until you don't care about yourself, no other person will come to care for you
mom is right, there is a difference in reality & dreaming
you don't want to face the reality!
can you leave Hamza?
can you become distant from him?
Can you leave your love?
Tell me, why you're quiet now?
Fabiha
its very easy to give suggestions to others
but when this suggestion is needed
then a suggestion & the person giving the suggestion, both looks bad
the way you are looking bad to me right now
you think we don't care about you?
uncle did? You had called him right?
did he call brother Haris to Muscat?
yes, at least we have a chance. He will call
sister, remember my words
only strangers solace you or give you affiance
but only your loved ones supports you
but our uncle isn't any stranger though
who is it?
uncle
hello! uncle?
yes, I had called you. How are you?
mom
mom
I've brought lunch for you
I don't want to eat
you have to take insulin too, you'll fall sick if you won't eat lunch
its a good thing
you guys will get freedom, your life will become easy
God forbid!
what are you saying?
mom, I don't understand why do you stay so suspicious from my side?
what your family did with me today
after that, don't hope for good from me
you can clear the misunderstandings from Arham's heart over night, but not from my heart
go away from here
whatever discussion will happen, will happen in front of Arham & Hadia
whatever you want to discuss you can, but please have lunch
as I said, go away from here!
mom
mom
mom, where are you?
what's the matter, why are you making so noise?
have you found some jackpot?
mom, one shouldn't be so suspicious though
you had been so doubtful for uncle without any reason
Really! What as such your uncle had said?
uncle got ready to call Haris to Muscat
what!
you don't believe it, right?
Even I couldn't
but he is saying that he'll talk to Haris, also he took his phone number from me
what does he want to talk about?
about ticket & visa, what else?
so who will bear this expense? The ticket, visa & stay
passport?
who will bear this expense?
did you talk to uncle about the expense, or Haris will discuss it?
mom, all of this will be done too. If Haris couldn't arrange then you can sell off my gold set that you've kept safely
because its very important for Haris to go abroad right now
have you gone mad? Will you waste everything n on Haris?
mom, what are you saying?
Does all of this have any importance more than my happiness?
mom, I am telling you. If there would be any obstacle this time then I will take my life!
take your phone
sister!
God, what shall I do? How shall I explain this girl, she has gone completely mad
mom, if uncle wants to call brother Haris in real then why are you worrying? The money will be arranged
Right now, I am going for an interview with Hamza. Just pray that everything goes well
Go dear, in God protection. Bye!
bye!
this girl has made my life a living hell!
the truth is that sister, the way my mother doesn't lie
the same way, a mother cannot swear upon her daughter's life falsely
Sanaya, I wasn't expecting this from you
my mother was being insulted in front of you, and you stood there quietly & watched the spectacle
will it be proved that I am telling the truth by swearing upon Hareem's life?
Sanaya, I can tolerate everything but I won't tolerate if anyone puts false allegation on my mother
Understand?
good evening, Ms. Fabiha
good evening, sir
you have a 4 years experience of a care taker along with your degree, right?
yes sir
good!
why did you leave your last job, and special reason?
actually my timings couldn't match, that's why
Okay Ms. Fabiha, we'll let you know
ok sir
what happened, how was it?
Hamza, I don't think so that I will get a job
anyways, its ok. What's the big deal if you couldn't get this job. You will get somewhere else
there is nothing to worry about
how come I now worry? I have to pay the rent to the landlord on the 28th
I thought, once I will get the job so I will pay the rent somehow by taking a loan or advance
I don't understand what to do now
you don't have to understand anything
I am with you, then why are you getting worried?
I will take an advance salary tomorrow from my office, so that you can pay your house rent
and how will you spend the next month?
Fabiha, you are important for me
what about time? It passes
hold it
come sit & tell me, what would you like to eat?
Nothing, just drop me home
in the name of God, hey...
hello granny!
hey my doll...
why are you saying hello?
greet her properly
greetings granny!
its ok, even hello is fine
Sanaya...
how are you, Hadia?
yes...
mom, how are you?
Hadia must be hungry, she is tired. Serve the dinner
what tiredness in a 2 hours flight, brother?
mom seems quite tired to me
don't you guys take care of my mom?
a daughter-in-law whose family taunts that her daughter is running the house expense
then leave the existence, its such a great thing if you save your respect there
its enough that you are seeing me alive
otherwise, Sanaya's family didn't leave a chance today to insult me
its a lie, Arham
my family hasn't done any such thing
really!
so am I lying, Sanaya?
what are you saying, mom?
Hadia came to our house after so many days, she will get worried
am I worrying her?
Ask her, ask your wife
how her sister-in-law had insulted me, ask her what I had said
who gave her the right to misbehave with you?
they gave her the right, dear. Everything happened because of my daughter-in-law's encouragement
what are you saying, mom?
Nothing as such had happened
and you know it very well that what had happened
how are you talking to my mom?
you are arguing a lot in front of me, so don't know how you must be treating her in my absence
I am realizing everything
this is your mother's respect
what I had said that they had insulted me a lot? Ask her, what I had said?
mom, you had started the argument
they just came to see the patient
so what I had said?
tell me, what I had said?
I had only said that if they would have given the medicine to Hareem on the right time, then she didn't had to go to the hospital 
That's it!
on just a little matter, her sister-in-law had insulted your mother
and she! She kept looking at the spectacle
I had explained you
I had told you not to leave your kids at your in-laws house, but you like to
how will you leave them now?
Sanaya, sister Somya had misbehaved with mom so much & you didn't do anything
why are you quiet now, speak up!
mom is telling wrong 
what wrong mom had said?
tell us as well
mom has cursed them
that Anaya shall also suffer through the same pain that Hareem had experienced
such a big allegation!
such a big allegation... 
I am telling the truth, Arham
Are you telling the truth? Then swear upon your daughter's life & say it that my mother is lying
what shall I understand by your silence?
swear upon her life, make us believe
that you are telling the truth & my mother is a liar
I won't swear upon Hareem's life
say it that you cannot swear upon her life falsely
think whatever you want to
when a relation is based upon trust, then swearing upon one's life doesn't have any value
and Arham knows it very well that I don't lie
and I wont swear upon my daughter's life in order to prove myself correct in front of you
why don't you accept, that a mother's conscience doesn't agree to swear upon her daughter's life falsely?
the truth is that sister, the way my mother doesn't lie
the same way, a mother cannot swear upon her daughter's life falsely
Sanaya, I wasn't expecting this from you
my mother was being insulted in front of you, and you stood there quietly & watched the spectacle
will it be proved that I am telling the truth by swearing upon Hareem's life?
Sanaya, I can tolerate everything but I won't tolerate if anyone puts false allegation on my mother
understand?
ok mom, leave it
you know its not better for you to get angry, please sit
sit down, please
take the water & cool down your anger
how can she cool down her anger?
isn't it the matter to get angry?
you care for your wife a lot, mom cares a lot for her
your kids are taken care at your in-laws house
and nobody gives her any extra work, as she is doing a job so how will she handle the house chores
but at least she can handle my mother's honor
I thought that I will spend some good time after coming to my parents house
I will sit with my brother & sister-in-law, and have some good time
I will share my griefs with my mother, ad hear her happiness
but how would I know, that I will be wiping her tears
Hadia look, I didn't had an idea that Sanaya will do this with mom
because she had never misbehaved with mom
in fact, whenever mom had been angry or upset. She never gets relieved until she appeases her
so how can she sit peacefully today? How can she heard it easily today?
or I shall say that she kept on pretending in front of you
and as soon as she got a chance, she took out her heart's frustration by teaming up with her family
Hadia, why she will do that?
She will do this, because she doesn't have any place in her heart for my mother
its easy to handle the responsibilities, but its very hard to handle them happily
Hadia look, its her sister-in-law's mistake
and we are dragging her forcefully in this matter
the way I am feeling bad for my mother right now
the same way, autn Asiya is also sister-in-law's mother
and a daughter always favor her mother, whether she is wrong or so
and sorry to say brother, such a blind trust isn't good
when this trust will break, when your hope & honor will be tarnished
everything will be shattered then
and you'll be standing all alone, on the path of belief
therefore, its better for you to make your wife realize your mother's importance instead of supporting her
mom, I am coming
Sanaya, I can tolerate everything but I won't tolerate if anyone puts false allegation on my mother
understand?
mom
yes dear?
what aunt had brought for us from Dubai?
your aunt came today, she is tired
she didn't open her bags too
she always come like that, she never brings anything for us
my friend Tehreem, her aunt came from London
She had brought so many things for her, gifts.. chocolates, many other things
when she'll ask me that what my aunt had brought for me, then what will I tell her?
don't take such small matters to your heart, dear
as far as gifts are concerned, then tell your friend
that my aunt had brought so many gifts for me
should I lie?
you had told me not to tell a lie
Hareem, go to sleep. You have to go to the school tomorrow & its very late. Come on
good night!
good night, my dear
I am with you, then why are you getting worried?
I will take an advance salary tomorrow from my office, so that you can pay your house rent
a person does everything in love
and Hamza is also doing all that for me
I should be proud of him
but why do I feel Hamza's sacrifices as a burden on me
why am I always thinking of repaying his favor?
as if he is some stranger for me
hey, mom... 
you could have told me, I would have come downstairs
hey, I hadn't come upstairs since long time. So I thought to come myself
only this milk was left, so i thought to give it to you
be careful
sit
drink, I have brought it for you
I am feeling cold, mom
what the update of your job?
mom, they'll tell me tomorrow
just pray that I get it
the entire house expense is there
there is a lot of work to be done
Don't know mom, how far is my destination
anyways, leave it
tell me, did you talk to uncle about brother Haris's visa?
he didn't call me back
sister must have told everything to brother Haris as of yet
let her satisfy her heart
once she'll stumbles...
then only she'll learn how to get a grip on herself
then she'll understand that... 
strangers are helpful to push down someone
but they don't help anyone to get up
do you know mom
I want to run away some where very far from the life, worries & tensions of this house
Okay
drink your milk
one needs energy to run
Sanaya, I want to talk to you
once the trust is broken then the value to give clarification becomes zero
I am not asking you for a clarification, I am asking you something!
whatever mom had told me, still you are favoring your family
really! Do you think my family will do any such thing?
why my mother will set her own daughter's house on fire, why?
the matter is not about your mother, we are talking about your sister-in-law. She can set the fire
why sister-in-law will do this, Arham?
and how can I accept that my sister-in-law had taunted your mother & sister about my earning in front of me?
however, she is handling my responsibility herself
this!
these sentences hurt me
your family is handling your responsibilities, whatever you hear from them you implement it here!
Please please Arham, there isn't any such thing.
Mom is having a misunderstanding
mom thinks anything by herself & agrees with it
and she has accepted it long time ago that my mother didn't gave medicine to my daughter on time. How shall I accept it?
so, how can I accept it that my mother is lying?
Okay... fine
what do you want, tell me. Decide it
I want you to come with me & apologize to my mom
are you understanding what I am saying?
you don't have to back out of your words
you have to say to brother, whatever I have told you
mom, why are you crying?
you know, I feel so hurt whenever I see your tears
right now I am here to wipe your tears
who will wipe your tears, when I won't be here?
make yourself strong, mom
See, brother is married now. He has his own life, his wife & kids
until when he will support you?
now... 
if you will do this, then how will I go back?
you have to come with me to Dubai
I will talk to brother today
Hadia, mom will not go anywhere
brother, how come mother won't go anywhere?
look at mom's condition, something is going to happen to her
and I don't want that anything shall happen to my mom before time
therefore, its better for both of us that mom shall go to Dubai with me
its good, this way sister-in-law will also get rid of this responsibility
as I said mom will not go anywhere, so she won't go anywhere
you know, I can't live without you
but I am a burden on your wife
how many more responsibilities she is going to handle?
house, kids, job... she should handle the responsibility of a mother-in-law as well!
its good
she will get rid of my responsibility, then both of you shall stay happy
its not the matter, you aren't a burden on anyone mom
Sanaya has come to apologize to you, see...
Sanaya
mom, children do make mistakes
and when children realizes their mistakes then...
its elders duty to forgive them
won't you forgive me?
why are you apologizing, sister?
the one who had made the mistake, will apologize
yes, why will you apologize since you haven't done anything wrong
Hadia is right
your sister-in-law had misbehaved with me, so she should apologize
it would be fine if it was our house matter, I would have forgiven you but... 
when I have lost my respect due to the outsiders then...
she should apologize
mom, let me apologize to you on behalf of my sister-in-law
I'm sorry, please forgive me
your sister-in-law will apologize to me
then I will be able to live in this house with respect
and if she says no, then there isn't any problem
I will go with Hadia
what's the big deal?
you guys shall stay here
in this house, happily...