I have made my decision brother.
And what is your decision?
I want divorce from Arham.
Please forgive me.
Please.
I don't need this.
The mother who loved you so much and took very good care of you and she borne so much for you.
She fulfilled each and every desire of yours.
You misbehaved that much with her.
Just because of that cheap and lowly girl.
Who has just included in your life.
A mother is called very lucky who has a son.
But my mother was so lucky
That she kept begging in front of you for your time
But you didn't have any time for her.
So she left 
But remember one thing
That karma is part of life.
Whatever you are doing
You will have to face all of this one day.
And you will have to bear that.
You will have to face everything.
Hadiya nothing will happen. Trust me.
I don't know how aunt must be feeling now. Arham is not receiving my calls.
Muskan, come here my child.
What's the matter?
You are a bad person.
My mom never shouts like you.
Will you also scold me just like you scolded that uncle?
No my dear, why would I scold you? I will never scold you, I promise.
Uncle was misbehaving with me that's why I scolded him.
If I hadn't scolded him then he would have scared me, you and all of us. Didn't you see that he ran away.
Now, he will never come again.
Are you sure?
Yes, it's my promise.
Kiss me.
You don't have to be afraid. OK?
You have made that decision Sanaya but how will you live with the support of this decision?
Will you keep crying like this throughout your life?
Mom, I have no regret on my decision.
This is just a temporary pain.
But it is much better than that torment which I would have to face by staying with Arham.
But this society is very cruel.
It's not easy for a lone woman to live in this society.
But you are taking it lightly.
When your children will grow up and you will find a proposal for Hareem then everyone will ask about her father.
Then how will you respond to those questions and how will you satisfy everyone?
Then what will you do?
That your husband was disloyal to you.
Or Hareem's father was not a good person that's why you couldn't live with him.
Husband is the biggest protector for a woman.
It's not easy to live without a man.
An unmarried girl can live somehow but this society makes life a living hell for a divorced woman.
Mom, please stop it.
Divorce is not a sin, it's my right and I want to use that.
Just like Arham has used his right in the same way I want to use my right.
So what's wrong with it?
If I can't have equal rights as my husband has but I can raise my voice for my right.
And as far as Hareem's marriage is concerned then I am only taking my right back from Arham. I am not snatching Arham's right of being my children' father.
He is father of my children and he will always be there father. I won't let my children' childhood destroy because of this conflict mom.
Let's assume that if I compromise today then what is the guarantee that if Arham will have kids from his second wife then my children won't feel any inferiority.
Mom, I don't want to take any risk.
And I won't become a burden on you and brother.
But your support will save me from shattering.
Doctor.
What is your relation with patient?
I am her son and she is her daughter.
I am so sad. I am sorry. She couldn't survive because of severe heart attack.
She is no more.
What have you done brother?
Hadiya.
What have you done? You want this to happen. Right?
You want this to happen. You set yourself free from your responsibility. You killed your mother.
Hadiya.
What have you done?
You snatched my mother from me.
You snatched my mother.
Be patient.
Mom.
Don't cry.
Hi
Who is calling you?
Arham
Talk to him.
I don't want to talk to him.
Talk to Arham.
As I told you that I don't want to talk to Arham.
Sanaya, talk to him.
Sanaya
You should talk to Arham.
I don't want to talk to him and I don't want to maintain any relation with him as well.
Mom.
What happened?
Brother Arham called me.
Aunt has passed away.
We belong to Allah and to Him we shall return.
What did Arham tell you?
He didn't tell anything.
But we will have to go there.
Yes sure.
What happened Sanaya?
I will ask Junaid to bring car.
Have courage my child.
How did it happen so suddenly?
How did it happen
I don't understand.
Be brave my child.
She was bed ridden.
What should I do mom? Should I go there?
Yes, we should go there.
We must go there.
And she is Arham's mother anyway.
Mom, are you going somewhere?
Yes.
Where are you going at the moment?
To Hamza's house.
Don't you think that you shouldn't go there after what Fabiha did to Hamza?
Farheen
Parent's always repay for the sins of their children.
That's why I am going to Hamza's house to apologize.
That will lessen my burden a bit.
But what Hamza said anything out of anger then? I don't think that you should go there so please.
Whatever Fabiha has done to Hamza, after that if he will curse me then I will listen quietly.
What can I say? As you wish.
Fabiha embarrassed me in front of Hamza.
So
Parents have to face such humiliation.
OK then but how will you go alone. Let me go with you.
No, I will go alone.
My mother died because of your daughter.
Are you apologizing for that?
Or are you apologizing that she married to a married man by leaving me alone?
What?
Mom left us sister.
Control yourself Hadiya.
How can I do that?
Look at her daughter-in-law, she is attending funeral like a guest.
Don't you know that her daughter-in-law has left this house long ago.
Mrs Shamim told me about that.
What?
But why? She was so nice.
When Arham imposed other woman on her head then she had no other option left.
She is Arham's second wife. They hired her as a care taker earlier.
Now she is taking care of her husband.
Leave it sister.
The woman who work in offices face such situation. When they search for peace outside then their own house disturbs.
That's why sister Riffat was against her daughter-in-law's job.
You are right.
Let me meet Arham.
Control yourself Arham.
You have to take care of everyone.
Mom has left us.
If you will become weak then who will take care of Hadiya?
Mom has left us.
And you are leaving me as well.
Everyone is leaving me.
Perhaps I deserve this.
That I can't stop anyone.
Mom must be feeling pain by seeing you in this condition.
Control yourself.
Aunt it's time.
Brother
Brother where are you taking her?
Hadiya control yourself.
Mom
Recite Kalma.
Mom.
Brother.
Recite Kalma
All of this has happened because of this witch.
Get lost from here. Why have you come to our house?
Why have you come to our house? You have destroyed happiness of our house.
Hadiya, control yourself.
My mother died because of you. Get lost from here.
Don't you understand, get lost from here.
Brother
Why are you here?
Just leave.
Every relation between us has been ended.
Actually
I am not here to take anything.
I know
It's very difficult to gather scattered things.
I am here to apologize.
You want me to forgive you.
But for what you want me to forgive you? Tell me.
My mother died because of your daughter.
Apology for that.
Or she married to a married man by leaving me alone, are you apologizing for that?
What?
What did you say? Say that again.
Your daughter got married.
She has settled in her life by ruining my life.
And you want me to forgive you.
If you are here for this hope then OK, I am not that lowly that I can't forgive anyone.
If you will get satisfaction from my words then I forgive you.
But I will never forgive your daughter.
Mom
Dad sleeps here and younger mom sleeps there while I sleep here.
Mom you are here now then younger mom will sleep in guest room.
Mom
What happened mom?
Nothing my dear. Let's go, aunt hasn't eaten since morning. Let's give her something to eat.
Eat something Hadiya.
I don't want to eat.
Mom won't come back if you will keep yourself hungry.
But you can come back. Right?
All doors are closed.
I have no one here who loves me.
Sister
Don't you think that you have left everything very easily?
A woman has the biggest strength to save her relation is her children.
And you have that strength.
If you leave your place then that won't remain empty.
No one says that man is disloyal.
Everyone thinks that woman is guilty.
When woman doesn't pay attention towards her husband then husband doesn't spare any time to pay his attention towards other women.
It's your fault as well sister.
You couldn't maintain balance between your job and husband.
We associate man's nature with woman's mistake and we forgive his every mistake. And even then we spoil them.
No matter how hard working a woman is but she is held responsible for all mistakes.
What do you think that only your life is ruined.
No
Think about your children. Think about Hareem.
You don't want to come back here and Hareem doesn't want to leave this house.
And she is living with a woman whose lover comes here so often.
This is making a very negative impact on her mind.
Sister please think about her. Who can protect Hareem except you and brother.
If you won't think about her then who will think?
Please sister.
Don't make any decision for yourself, do that for your children.
Hareem needs you.
What are you saying mom? Fabiha got married.
Yes
Hamza has told you about that?
I can't believe it.
I am thinking about Hamza.
He always supported Fabiha.
He stood with her in every difficulty and every sorrow.
But Fabiha betrayed him.
He has fallen down so he must be injured badly.
I am afraid that what Fabiha has done she will have to face it's consequences.
Because the path chosen by Fabiha is not that easy.
A shared man can only make any one of his wives happy.
Fabiha can't live happily.
Honestly speaking, I feel pity for Hamza. He must be feeling very lonely at the moment.
I can't do anything for him except to pray for him.
I don't have anything left for him.
Don't take tension, your health will deteriorate.