Why don't you understand? I have told you that don't say anything in front of dad.
If you did it again then I will kick you out of this house and I will ask dad to beat you as well.
Then you will never forget that. Now get up.
By the way Farheen, tell me the truth
Why haven't you got married yet?
Because I haven't found a guy like you.
Well, that's right.
And you won't get anyone like me.
I have complete faith in my fate. Understand.
Yes, I also have faith in your fate and you should have that faith.
Sanaya you always said that if a person realizes his mistake then mistake doesn't remain.
But there is a difference between mistake and sin.
You married second time, that was your mistake.
But you broke my heart, that is your sin.
And for that I will never ever forgive you.
You called me Junaid.
Yes, come and sit here.
Where were you?
Were you with Sanaya?
Yes.
I wanted to condole her.
She told me that brother Arham apologized and he wants to take her back.
Oh I see.
Then what does Sanaya want?
What would she want Junaid? Her life has been ruined.
We can only sympathize her.
But
Only that person knows who is going through that situation.
I can't even bear him around me.
I don't know how does Sanaya tolerate with him.
A woman has to bear everything for the sake of her children.
And she is doing the same thing.
Hareem and Hadi neither live without brother Arham nor without Sanaya.
I don't know what will happen to this relation.
Yes you are right.
I am also unable to understand that what should I do and how should I advise my sister.
Brothers are protectors of their sisters' happiness.
I don't want her to go back in that house again.
I don't want that as well.
But there is not only one relationship between husband and wife
They are also parents of their children
And it's their responsibility to take care of their children
I want to see Sanaya happy.
But whenever I think about children then I start to think.
Anyways, don't worry.
When God has done everything this much better
Then everything will be fine in future as well.
Ameen
May everything gets better
Let me see children. I haven't seen them.
OK.
Junaid, drink this turmeric milk.
Your tiredness will go away.
So many days have been passed since mom's death but we didn't realize.
Mom went in a hurry.
That's why I want mom to stay away from Sanaya's problems.
I knew that she won't be able to bear that.
You don't have any idea that mom took so much tension because of Sanaya's conflict with Arham.
She used to cry so much.
The same thing happened, what I feared.
Junaid
Don't say this in front of Sanaya.
She is already very upset.
She will get hurt if she will listen this.
But mom had to go one day.
There is no connection of Sanaya or her problems with that.
So please don't hurt her by saying this in front of her.
I am not blaming Sanaya. I am thinking about myself that
I tried my best to keep her away from these problems but I couldn't do that.
If you want to see mom happy then you just take care of Sanaya.
Yes
After mom, I have the responsibility to take care of Sanaya.
I will never back off from this responsibility.
Will you go to office tomorrow?
Yes I will have to go tomorrow. So many days have been passed. I will go to office tomorrow.
Mom went in a hurry. That's why I wanted to keep mom away from Sanaya's problems.
I knew that she won't be able to bear that.
You don't have any idea that mom took so much tension because of Sanaya's conflict with Arham. She used to cry so much.
The same thing happened, what I feared.
Junaid, please don't say this in front of Sanaya.
She is already very upset.
She will get hurt if she will listen this.
I am not blaming Sanaya. I am thinking about myself that I tried my best to keep her away from these problems but I couldn't do that.
If you want to see mom happy then just take care of Sanaya.
Yes
After mom, Sanaya is my biggest responsibility.
What happened Hareem?
Why are you sitting here my dear?
I am missing granny.
Come to me.
My dear
We will granny for ever.
Do you know
Whenever our loved one leaves this world.
Then we send them rewards in the form of our well wishes and prayers.
Just like mom gives you gift on your birthday, just like that.
So pray for granny's forgiveness. Right?
Will God accept our prayers?
Of course.
All of us should ask for forgiveness from God for our sins.
And our Lord is so kind that He forgives us.
But I am not feeling happy without granny.
I am feeling suffocated here so let's go to dad's house.
Hmm
What if mom show you cartoon, then?
Come on, let's go.
But why am I feeling from your tone that you also think that all of this has happened because of me?
Why am I seeing myself as a culprit in front of you?
Tell me, what is that mistake? That you married me?
I don't think there is any other mistake except this one.
There is nothing like that Fabiha.
This is the reason Arham.
This is right. There was no mistake of time.
That was also my fault that I listened to you.
Hareem, you are still watching TV.
Aunt, please I want to watch more.
It's time to sleep, watch with Anaya in the morning.
Please give me some more time.
No, it's to late. Go to mom's room.
Watch with Anaya in the morning. It's too late now, go to mom's room. Good girl.
What happened Hareem?
You were watching TV so why have you come here?
I don't want to watch TV and I don't want to touch anything as well.
Why?
Did you fight with Anaya?
Aunt didn't let me watch TV.
It's OK my dear, look at the time, it's time to sleep.
But you and dad never did that.
This is not my house that's why aunt snatched remote from me.
Don't think that way.
Uncle and aunt love us so much.
And they are our relatives.
And if they stop us from doing anything then it's for our betterment.
This is not my house. I want to go to my house.
Oho, if you will become this much angry then mom will start crying. Don't be angry. Let me tell you a story.
You will see that uncle will kick us out of this house one day.
Never. That will never happen. Right?
Uncle will kick us out of this house.
That won't happen because uncle loves us so much and he takes care of us so he won't let us go anywhere.
He will hold us tightly like mom holds you and he will keep us with him.
Can I show this much anger.
No, you can't do this much. Not at all.
Because you don't look good in anger. So give me a smile. Yeah. I love you.
Don't be angry.
This much.
Not this much. Good.
Where are you? Don't you want to sleep. It's too late.
I want to sleep.
What happened? Why are you so worried?
I am not worried, I made a mistake.
Which mistake?
It's too late and Hareem was watching TV and I switched off TV.
Now she will cry in front of Sanaya.
Then what would she think that I have started to impose restrictions.
You did absolutely right.
You switched off TV for her better. It's too late.
Don't think about such minor things. Sleep.
She won't say anything but she would feel about that.
I shouldn't have done that.
She won't feel anything. I know Sanaya.
She will advise Hareem that why was she watching TV at this time of night. You did right. Sleep.
What do you think, will she mind?
Hey, why are you thinking about such a minor thing?
Just relax. Nothing will happen. And if Sanaya showed any anger then I will talk to her. Right.
But even then, I shouldn't have done that. I am such a fool.
You are feeling like this because you have possessed a very kind nature.
Sanaya won't think anything. It's too late so sleep. Lay down.
Switch off the light as well.
You are playing football alone.
Yes, because Hadi is not here.
No problem if Hadi is not here, mom is here and she will play with you.
I want to play with dad and Hadi, I don't want to play with you.
Hareem, my dear.
Mom is trying and I promise that Hadi will be with you very soon. OK?
I want to talk to dad right now, right away.
Sister, I am going to office.
Sanaya, your breakfast is ready.
I am not feeling hungry.
And please don't do this much for me.
I will cook myself if need anything.
My dear, I know that you are feeling lonely after mom's demise.
But life doesn't stop if someone leaves us.
And mom used to be so keen to see all of us eating breakfast together.
So we will do that today as well. Right?
She wanted to see me happy.
All her desires went with her.
What happened Sanaya.
Why are you behaving like this?
There is no such thing sister, you are just feeling like that.
Mom has just passed away, so maybe this is the reason.
I feel that you have minded something.
I have forgotten everything sister.
Good or bad.
All because of grief of my mom.
This grief will last for ever.
A mother lives for her children and she dies for them.
I killed my mother.
Sanaya, why are you saying this?
Brother also thinks that way.
There is a difference between leaving house and kicked out of the house.
Tell this to brother.
Did you hear our conversation?
And I tried my best to correct my mistakes.
What was lacking in fulfilling my duties and what was my mistake?
There is only one fault that I am a woman.
I realized that if a woman is kicked out of house by her husband
Then she has to live her life on mercy of others.
She has to live under pressure.
And if a man not only kicked his wife but also his daughter out of the house and left them on the road
There is a difference between living together and imposing yourself on other person.
Tell me, what is my daughter's fault?
Why should she bear all of this?
Just because she is also a female.
Tell me that we are preparing that girl for that
That she will also have to face oppression from man and she will also get punished for being a woman.
No Sanaya, why are you thinking this much?
What can I do sister?
These thoughts never leave us.
Don't take your brother's words seriously.
He didn't want to hurt you.
I didn't mind brother's words.
I am trying to get habitual to live like this.
Fabiha, I am trying to appease you since last two days but you are not convinced.
How long will you be angry?
Does it matter to you that how long will I be angry?
You don't care about me.
It's my duty to love you, take care of you and take care of Hadi and I shouldn't ask for you time in reward. Wow.
You set yourself free from my anger by saying sorry every time but not this time.
OK then tell me what should I do this time to appease you. I will do that.
Nothing.
Tell me, when will you visit doctor.
Next week.
OK, let's go out for dinner tonight.
Then my night is yours, tomorrow's day is yours and all my life is yours.
Are you happy now?
Your promises are also like you.
You forget everything in emotions.
Arham, I have no grievances but I am sad that you didn't give respect to my family.
OK sorry.
Forgive me. And I promise that I will invite your mother.
Everything will be fixed. I promise.
I promise.
I will bring them here.
Now forgive me and give me breakfast.
I have to get ready for office.
I warn you if you said it again.
So give me breakfast.
I will bring that.
Let me get ready.
Come on Anaya, start eating.
I will eat with grandma.
Let me feed my dolly.
Greetings.
Greetings, you came early.
Thank God meeting got canceled. Look at this.
There are some strains on my shirt. Let me change this shirt.
Oh
Let me serve lunch for you and iron your shirt as well.
What's in the lunch?
Meat and potato.
Meat and potato.
OK, bring lunch for me.
Junaid, please feed Anaya, she wants to eat from grandma's hand.
Hmm
So now my princess will eat from dad's hand. Right?
Come on, let me feed you.
What's in the lunch.
Chicken with potato is my daughter's favorite meal. Right?
Look, dad is giving you with chicken. Open your mouth. Eat it. Good girl.
Dad will eat with you as well.
And this is my daughter's favorite jam. Eat it. Don't eat it much else you will get diabetes.
It's yummy.
Hmm, we need some protean as well.
You will get good marks.
Give me a slice.
Are you happy now?
Good
Finish it quickly.
Do you like to eat from dad's hand?
Good girl.
How was your day today?
It was good but a bit busy.
Where is Hareem?
Hareem is coming. Junaid, I want to discuss something.
What's the matter?
Sanaya heard our conversation.
What did she say?
She didn't say anything but she was very upset. Please talk to her. She will feel relax.
OK, I will talk to her.
Let me give another bite to my daughter.
So this is a very big project for us. And this one is even more bigger project than our last projects.
So we will need support of all of you
And I will assign this task to you. You have to maintain all files and keep following up completely. Right?
And Shazia
And Shazia, I am assigning this task to you that you will have to maintain an excel sheet about the followups given to you by her. Right?
So Sanaya
What do you want to say about this project?
Do you want to lead this project?
Sir, I will let you know after reading all details once again.
Well, as you wish.
Sophia, read this project thoroughly, maybe you will lead this project.
So guys, meeting is over. OK.
Sanaya
What's the matter? You were very disturbed during the meeting today?
I know that your mother has recently passed away and you are very upset because of that.
But you always keep your professional life away from your personal life.
But you looked very down today.
I am sorry sir, everyone faces such situation in life.
I can understand.
Sir I have a request.
Yes, go ahead.
Can I meet with your legal adviser?
Yes why not, but why do you want to meet him suddenly?
Sir I want to discuss a problem with him.
If you may arrange a meeting with him then I will be very thankful.
Don't be so formal.
Let me talk to Mr. Javed and I will also share his number with you. You can go there with my reference without any appointment. Right?
Thank you sir.
What's the matter? You are looking so happy. Have you got increment?
Yes, I have got increment of twenty thousand rupees. So it's time to celebrate.
Yes, it's time to celebrate and many congratulations. Give me treat for that.
Yes why not. I promised you so treat is due on me.
But please don't tell anyone at office because I don't want to take anyone else. This treat will only for you.
Really? And what's unique in me?
And If I am different from others then why?
Well, you are my best friend that's why.
Who is calling you?
Aunt is calling me.
Why is mom calling you?
Let me ask her.
Greetings aunt, is everything alright?
Greetings, yes everything is fine. I want to discuss something very important.
Yes aunt, please tell me.
Farheen is showing her stubbornness for no reason.
Shamim has just called me and she said that we should meet with that boy once.
If she is good then nothing to worry about and Farheen will also understand.
But me?
Yes, you should meet him and decide time and place with him.
OK aunt.
God bless you my dear.
Bye
What was she saying?
Nothing, she wants to meet me.
It's clearly written on your face that you are lying.
Don't try to be smart and tell me what was mom saying.
You will become angry.
Are you afraid of my anger?
Because you can say anything out of anger.
Hamza that was my past. And I don't behave like that with you and I can't do that.
Oh really? And what is the difference now which wasn't there earlier?
Don't divert the topic. Tell me what was mom saying?
She wants me to meet with that guy whose proposal has come for you. Aunt will act according to my opinion.
Now you have listened. So don't be angry.
There is no need to meet with him. I am telling you.
Mom says such things but don't take her words seriously.
And anyway, I am taking you for a treat tonight so you won't have any time for meeting.
Hmm, it means that we don't have any time to meet. Right?
OK fine, I will think about it.
Forbid mom.
OK fine.
Let me see.
Look, dad is giving you with chicken.
Eat it, open your mouth.
Good girl.
Are you playing football alone?
Yes, because Hadi is not here.
No problem if Hadi is not here. Mom is here and she will play with you.
I want to play with dad and Hadi. I don't want to play with you.
Hareem, my dear.
Mom is trying and I promise that Hadi will be with you very soon.
I want to talk to dad right now, right away.