Because of you Shenaya will have a tough time at her in-laws.
Because of me?
Yes.
How come because of me? It was Shenya's mother-in-law that did everything.
Anayah is our daughter and you should feel as bad as I do.
I didn't expect this from you.
My mother was being humiliated in front of you and you kept watching.
Will I be truthful if I swear on Karim's life.
I can tolerate everything but...
what I cannot tolerate is someone alleging my mother falsely!
Haris, prepare to leave for Muscat soon.
My dear I didn't know that your love could prove to be so lucky for me.
Just remember one thing, I won't let you leave without a marriage ceremony.
Do you think I'll leave you alone here? You don't realize how much I love you.
I feel like marrying you today.
That's what I love about you.
And don't you stop thinking about me.
If something were to happen to you, I won't survive.
Do you love me that much?
My dear, love has no weight...
otherwise I would have showed you how much I love you.
Your sister-in-law was rude and she is the one that should apologize. If it was an internal matter I would have forgiven her...
but this was in front of outsiders, hence she should apologize.
You sister-in-law will have to apologize, only then will I be able to live respectfully in this house.
You're trapped! You could have gotten out.
You could have gotten out....
No...
Please help me...
Please get me out of this.
Mother, please make me apple juice.
Apple juice?
My dear we don't have apples.
But you know that I have apple juice in the morning every day.
I'm sorry my dear, I didn't know. If I had known, I would have asked your uncle to get apples for you.
I'll make apple juice tomorrow, alright?
What happened my dear?
You know that I drink apple juice every day in the morning, but there are no apples.
Then why are you here? I'll ask granny to make you apple juice.
Alright?
I didn't know Hadia...
How would you know? You're not at home all day.
How would you know what we have and what we don't have at home.
You might remember it or not, but my brother does remember that my daughter drinks apple juice in the morning.
If you had checked the fridge then you wouldn't have refused.
No matter how you feel you shouldn't take it out on kids.
Hadia...
Come on Muskan, I'll make apple juice for you in a while.
I won't have breakfast without apple juice.
My dear, granny isn't well and you know that mother doesn't use aunt's things.
Please, skip it for today.
Greetings*
What's the matter? No apple juice today?
Please explain it to her...
Nothing will change if you don't drink apple juice just for one day.
Shall I make you apple juice, Muskan?
No... I won't have breakfast.
Greetings*
Alright then...
What happened?
My leg are heavy in the morning, hence they twist.
Are you alright?
Yes I am...
this happens everyday.
You will visit the doctor with me today.
I told you I'm fine.
No you're not. You don't get insulin on time, and you're worried about home.
I'll take her to the doctor, don't worry.
Muskan... here is your apple juice...
Mother... french toast!
Where's Muskan?
She's late. Muskan is upset and in her room.
She's here... you could have calmed her down.
I will.
Mother, where is my french toast?
Fabiha!
Where are you? Your phone is ringing.
See who it is.
Hello...
Yes it is...
Yes... I'll reach your address on time.
Farewell.
Sister... I'm hired!
I thought that it was uncle
I'll call him after I wake up.
I'll let Hamza know.
Don't make much noise, I'm sleeping.
Good morning ma'am*
Don't you guys have anything to do? You guys are always laughing!
Bring me a coffee to my room.
Hi beautiful...
Hi handsome.
I just got a call from the agency, I've been hired.
That is amazing... you might not have believed in yourself, but I did.
I need to be at the location by ten, can you pick me up?
Right now?
I mean if you're busy, I'll catch a cab.
No... have I ever refused?
The boss is not in a good mood, but that's my problem. Get ready, I'll be there.
I'm waiting for you... bye.
What are you looking at?
Continue working, remember what the boss said...
Coffee... hurry up.
Sure.
Greetings*
You used to pick my phone at a single ring, but you don't now. Are you upset with me?
No mother... I was busy.
I called because the kids haven't returned from school.
That's why I decided to ask you.
Yes...
The kids won't be return.
Really... is that just for today, or everyday?
No mother it's not like that. You know how Arham is.
He makes hasty decisions out of emotion. He'll change his mind.
Where are the kids?
You know my colleague Sofia, right? They are with them.
Mother exaggerated things in front of Arham?
I expected your mother-in-law to do something like that.
But what I don't understand is how long will Sofia keep your kids?
That's what I don't understand either...
Even though she embarrassed her guests, she won't stop being stubborn.
And to that she also added a condition in front of Arham.
Condition... what condition?
That...
sister Somia will apologize to her.
Is she insane? Does she want everyone to do her bidding?
But mother think about it with a cool mind... this is a matter of your daughter's life.
If sister Somia doesn't apologize to Hadia, then mother will go to Dubai and Arham will be distanced from me.
I don't want that at all.
Shenaya, this isn't possible at all.
And I will not agree to this at all!
Alright mother...
Help sister-in-law...
Don't worry about me...
I'll suffer for the rest of my life.
A bride's mother makes her home and her husband is her peace at her in-laws home.
What will I do if both are taken from me? I'll be stuck in between.
All men are the same... just keep listening to them...
if you do that they'll fulfill all our wishes, but...
if we contradict them, then we are made to be the enemy.
He's my husband.
You're the one who told me that to make my husband happy I agree to everything he says.
I listen to everything he says.
Mother I don't know how, but fix it. Farewell!
Alright... farewell.
Go ahead, I'll be right there.
Madam, may I come in if you're free?
Please have a seat.
Are the kids home?
A long time ago, I'm sure they are playing right now.
Thank you...
Coffee?
Were you talking to Shenaya mother?
Yes.
What did she say about the kids not being here?
Arham has refused...
That's weird...
They made the mistake and they want to put it on us.
Shenaya is right... it is our mistake...
And we should be the ones to apologize.
What is our mistake?
Apologize for what? I'm sure Shenaya asked you to do this..
How much more will Shenaya bend in front of her in-laws? How much more will she embarrass us?
To make their lives at their in-laws, women have to..
sacrifice their wants and needs.
She has to listen and agree to everything, whether it be right or wrong.
Look... Shenaya is standing by her in-laws... as should you...
Apologizing does not make anyone big or small. Rather it stops relationships from shattering.
If you apologize to Shenaya's mother-in-law...
Greetings...
Greetings*
Yes...
Is there no woman in this house?
I wouldn't need you if there was.
I'll show you my mother's room.
Please.
Come in... this is my mother's room.
And this is my mother.
Her entire body has been paralyzed, she can't speak or get up.
You'll have to take care of her.
And yes...
This is all of her medicine...
Sorry about that...
It's okay.
Here you are.
This is her closet. My mother clothes are here.
I expect that you'll have her changed everyday. I don't want her clothes smelling.
Don't worry, I'll take care of her.
Can I ask you a question?
Sure.
You are beautiful, you seem to be from a good home..
then why are you doing this odd job?
When one has the responsibility of a home, then they don't show any disparity between a job or an odd job.
Are you married?
No...
Alright...
I take good care of my employees...
I try that they are not bothered by anything. If you need an advance salary or any money at all, please don't hesitate to tell me.
All you have to do is let me know. I just want one thing in return...
Just take care of my mother. I love my mother very much...
I cannot see her in any pain. I'm sure you'll do your job diligently
If you need anything, you'll find Pir Baksh in the kitchen downstairs, you can ask him.
He will tell you all about my mother medicine timings and what she has to eat.
I'll get going... I have an important thing to take care of.
Alright...
Yes.
This fell down.
I'll see you.
There is still time... it make no difference if one gets upset with us...
but if a husband gets upset, then the entire world seems against you.
If mother leaves with me, then you'll lose your husband as well.
Shenaya... I don't understand how you face all this.
So much trouble for a job... and I don't understand what's wrong with your mother-in-law.
If I hadn't been earning, I would have been taunted with not caring about money.
And if somehow she starts earning, alongside fulfilling her responsibilities...
then the world thinks that her professional life must take all of her time.
They wonder if her kids eat, or is her husband happy.
They think that their home life suffers. But my life is good... my kids take good position in school...
My husband is fed, his clothes are ironed and his mother is medicated on time.
Whether it be a job or business... it's not easy to earn money.
One has to give everything and after all that one has to be a mother.
If your child is sick, you have to be up all night with them.
Who cares if I eat or not? Even if I get some time to rest, there is always something else to do, or there are office commitments.
I'm also a human being and I have a heart too
No one cares about me...
This is your power, try to understand it at least.
You care about anyone's happiness, apart from yours.
It doesn't happen that way. Time heals all wounds.
This will fill all of your wounds... enjoy life and chill.
What you're doing is great!
If I don't say anything Junaid, that doesn't mean that you get to remain silent.
I will not tolerate anymore injustices towards me.
Who is being unjust to you?
Your mother and sister.
Will we do everything that Shenaya's husband tell us?
Is this why you made me your wife, so that I may apologize to your sister's in-laws?
It's not like that... you're angry right now...
Sit down... please....
Listen to be careful. What is a brother's responsibility? To keep her sister happy, right?
And to help his sister when she's in trouble.
A good wife is someone who stand by her husband.
Is it not the responsibility of a husband to have his wife respected?
Apologizing won't disrespect you.
One who apologizes has a big heart...
You know you weren't silent back then.
When my husband is against me, then I can't complain against the world.
I'm not against you... what I'm trying to say is that if you had remained silent then things wouldn't have gotten so far.
Apologizing won't belittle anyone.
Somia...
For me...
Please do this...
I love you Junaid...
but that doesn't mean that I'll do whatever you ask of me.
If you pressurize me more, I'll take Anayah with me to my mother's home.
But I will never apologize to Shenaya's mother-in-law.
Fabiha, I'm coming to pick you up.
You say ten minutes, but rather take an hour instead.
If you are one more minute above ten, I'll leave on my own.
Listen to me.
Say I love you, just once.
What will that do?
That will make my heart big and this road small and I'll be there quickly.
When the time comes...
Hello...
Let go of my hand...
I gave you the ball to exercise...
This is not to play cricket.
I was helping her exercise... I got a call in  between.
Who was it?
It's my brother... he's coming to pick me up.
Refuse...
What?
Ask him not to come.
I'll provide you with pick and drop services. Especially for you.
I can come and go on my own. I can manage that myself.
And I don't like repeating myself.
We're not allowed by the agency to take favors. I could lose my job.
I will hire your personally.
Starting from today...
you can become my mother's personal caretaker...
You don't need to assist any agency...
I will call your agency...
You didn't call...
I was about to...
I'm on my way... what's the emergency?
Don't come here.
I shouldn't come? What's the matter?
You seem disturbed... what happened?
My employer called, he won't be back for a while. He asked me to stay... I'll have to stay here for a while.
Don't come here. I'm sorry I wasted your time.
It's not about that...
I worry about you...
Don't worry... I'll make it home.
But how?
Sir's driver will drop me home. Farewell.
Why would the driver drop you? I will do it.
Here... keep this.
For what?
I told you in the morning that I take care of my employees.
You are a white collared woman... I know you won't ask for it.
You won't tell me if you need money or not.
Keep it... this is your advance salary... keep it.
Thank you... I'll bring my bag...
Alright... you can book mother's flight with me.
I've talked to Sameer... he's getting the tickets.
Mother, you haven't changed your mind to leave?
When children can make their own decisions...
then mothers should change their decisions.
We can't force anyone to either apologize or respect someone else.
It would be better for mother if she comes with me.
Do you think it's right if you stay with your daughter's in-laws. I will be embarrassed in front of everyone.
Do you want me to be humiliated? What else do you want?
Should I stay here and get embarrassed in front of everyone under your wife's allegations?
Shenaya apologized to you... why don't you move on?
If things are left the way they are...
then you will never have any respect in your in-laws home.
Your mother has decided this after giving it much thought.
It's easier to hit someone when their down. Rather than someone who walks, looking straight ahead.
So it would be better for you if you respect your mother's wishes.
Dinner is served. Come on kids get up and go to the dinner table.
Be careful
Yes Sameer...
The seats have been confirmed... alright...
We're leaving tomorrow night, at eight.
Alright...
There is still time.
It doesn't matter who gets upset at us...
but if a husband gets upset then it seems the entire world is against you.
If mother leaves with me... then you will lose your husband as well.
Think about it.
I understand.
Greetings...
I'll talk to you later.
How are you?
I'm well, you're quite late today.
You know how traffic is...
That's true...
This is the house rent and money for rations.
Really...
Fabiha... why don't you keep some money with you...
You might need it...
Mother, I have money, you keep it.
What's the matter?
You should have been content today...
The rent is taken care of... then why are you so worried?
Mother sometimes it really dawns on me...
that in this society it's very hard for a woman to live without a man.
Father is gone... I don't have a brother.
It seems we're living in a glass house.
One stone and everything will fall apart.
My dear...
this is all fate's test.
A house that has no man, in that house a woman has to act like a man.
What about a place with no woman?
Men cannot compete with women.
And... men cannot survive without women.
Women are so strong... that they can fight against the world.
But...
women have a weakness...
That is her honor.
Whose protector...
are only men.
What if that protector tries to harm women?
Mother...
You're worrying like I'm really taking you to Dubai tomorrow.
What do you mean?
Meaning, I didn't call Sameer.
You did call in front of Arham.
It's nothing... it was just drama.
I've put pressure on brother and sister-in-law...
That is what will expose them.
You lied?
Where will I go if Shenaya's sister-in-law don't apologize tomorrow?
What will I do?
If your brother finds out, you will look so bad in front of him.
What will he think about you and me?
You worry for no reason mother...
Nothing will happen... I've planned everything...
This is between a mother and wife. Like how a mother can't live without her son...
Just like that a wife can't live without her husband. So sister will do anything and everything for my brother.
Even if she has to make her family bend in front of us.
What if Arhum calls Sameer?
Why would he do that? To embarrass himself?
That's what I'm pressuring him with.
I feel dizzy.
I don't understand what you're doing!
Mother... save this for later. This will come in handy tomorrow.
They will have to apologize.
Sister...
has refused to apologize.
Arhum...
Arhum, mother is right.
She can apologize... she's free to...
but because of me... we cannot pressurize her.
Besides, I don't want to ruin her home.
Don't you care about ruining our home?
You don't care about my mother leaving me.
I don't want that... please listen to me.
I tried to convince her... but she isn't listening... what should I do?
Keep yourself in my place... how can I make them do it?
Wow!
You love your family, but what about me? You are supposed to love me as well.
You are the one who proclaimed your love!
You promised to stay with me, listen to me and spend time...
There were never conditions between us.
That's the difference between the love of a husband and wife.
The love I have for you is peace to my soul.
One can always repay a loan. But in love...
one has to sacrifice.
I love you in such a way... but you...
Alright fine...
If I have to sacrifice my motherhood to prove my love for you... then fine...
I swear on my child's life...
neither my mother or my sister-in-law said anything.
Your mother was the one who cursed us.
Do you believe me now?
Are you happy now?