mom, I will talk to you later. I have to go to Hadi's school as he has a performance today
my condition...
I am not feeling well
hello!
hello?
mom!
hello!
mom?
hello
hello?
what happened to mom?
pick up the phone, Arham
Arham, pick up the phone please
ok kids, you don't have to get worried or confused over there
aunty will give you instructions. 
Oh my child, where were you? Ok maam Thank you
come in, Saima kindly get her quickly ready
Okay, so you have to listen to aunty's instructions. 
You don't have to get confused at all
Excuse me, we extremely apologize. We'll bring them ourselves, please go inside the auditorium
okay?
Okay... do you understand me?
fix your cap Hadi
you hair. Oho... we need to fix your hair
Arham, there is an emergency. My mother is not well, I am going to see her
And, I will get a bit late in reaching the school. Ok?
so many missed calls from Sanaya!
why she is not attending the phone?
It seems she must be driving the car
come on Sanaya, pick up the call
Strange!
do you have a phone?
yes, what happened?
Ask dad, where are they
Hadi's performance is about to start
don't worry, let me call him right away
yes dad's life!
dad, where are you & mom?
Hadi & I are waiting for you since so long
Didn't Mom come to pick you guys up?
No
do one thing, count from 1 to 10 & close your eyes. Your dad will be in front of you
promise?
promise!
okay
two
three
four
five
six
seven
eight
nine
ten
mom, open your eyes
What happened to you, mom?
nothing happened to mom, everything will be fine if God willing. Just stay patient
brother, what happened to mom!
why mom is not opening her eyes, why she is not talking?
compose yourself, nothing will happen to mom
show some patience
brother, I know that mom took a lot of tension of sister-in-law & Anaya
she had been so worried because they had left the house
just because, what if her son's marriage gets ruined because of her daughter's family
I said to her many times, that let me try explaining sister-in-law but...
she made me a stranger in just one second
there is no fault of mom in it, I had told her not to. Ok?
please compose yourself
ok tell me, did you tell sister-in-law about mom's condition?
No
Why? Call her, I am sure she will come immediately as soon as she will get to know about mom's health
call her, brother
brother, please call her for my sake
oh God, nothing shall happen to my mother
Greetings dear parents & good evening
as you people know that in 1965, Pakistan had a war with India
and after many sacrifice of our army, we won the war
So now, these beautiful little children over here will present a piece on that war
I would like you to appreciate these kids with your claps & give them a big hand
please our little children come here for your performance
please clap parents, they need your appreciations
hello, yes tell me
where are you?
I am sitting on the 70th floor of Burj Khalifa & drinking coffee. What's the matter, tell me
what's wrong, brother?
Was your lunch very spicy or somebody's words have hurt you?
Hania, tell me the matter directly. What is it?
Mom had asked me to to remind you that we have to go to Saddar in the evening to buy aunty's clothes
yes yes, I remember it very well and there is no need to remind me again & again
Okay, I am sending you her number after getting it from Fabiha
in fact, let me ask her to send you a message directly
you won't do any such thing, just tell her directly
We had promised Fabiha aunty
that if she will come to our function then we'll treat her with an ice-cream
really!
Hadi, its late now. Also your granny is alone at home, we'll have it some other time
please Fabiha aunty
dear, please don't insist. Its already late
dad, please tell her because she will listen to you
its a father's trial, and I have to say it. Please come, the kids will become happy
but how can we go at this time?
since your mother had waited this much, so she'll wait for a few more minutes for the sake of the kids
shall we go?
yes!
I will eat strawberry flavor
and I will eat chocolate flavor
and what about both of you?
Blueberry!
oh wow! is dad's favorite ice-cream your favorite too?
today, Fabiha aunty will support dad instead of mom
brother, I might have forgotten my phone inside the car. Will you please give me your phone?
let me call Arham, he might be getting worried
Junaid
my child...
dad, I won't go back
now dad won't let you go anywhere, ok?
what happened Junaid, what are the doctors saying? How is mom?
they haven't said anything as of yet
the treatment is going on, so just pray
what happened to granny, aunty?
my dear, nothing happened. Just pray that your granny gets well soon
come here, my child
don't think that I came here to mend the relations after forgetting everything
I just came here for the sake of humanity
doctor, what happened to mom? How is she now?
he blood pressure was very high, but we have controlled it
So, does she take any medicine for blood pressure?
She takes the medicine everyday though
she might have forgotten it today
look, take extra care of her in this age
and give her the medicine on time
and keep her completely away from stress, just try that she shall not get into this condition ever
because I think she got a minor heart attack
but I can't say anything until the reports come
so please, she shouldn't get into this condition next time & give her the medicine on time
don't worry, we'll take very good care of her
thank you, doctor
while uniting us, one day she'll die
thank you!
how is the ice-cream?
hello!
yes Junaid, how are you?
Arham, this is me Sanaya speaking
Sanaya, I have been calling you since so long. You had to reach to the school for an event, and you have reached there
I had called you so many times, Arham
also I had sent you a voice message
but I didn't get any of your watsapp message
It might not have been sent due to an internet issue
mom got a minor heart attack, Arham
I am at the hospital
what!
heart attack? which hospital?
GM hospital
okay, stay there & don't worry. I am coming, ok bye!
okay
what happened?
Sanaya's mother got a heart attack, I have to go to the hospital after dropping the kids
lets go
start eating food, mom
hmm...
mom, the story Fabiha had told
I believe that there is no truth in it
which story?
the one she was telling you in the morning
my own mother couldn't give me the money, although she trusts me so...
how can a stranger woman gives such a hefty amount
I can't believe it
and... whatever these eyes saw yesterday. After that, not at all
what did you see?
leave it mom, you don't believe me though
hey, but tell me the matter
mom, the man with whom Fabiha came back home last night
I think he gave her the money
but Fabiha goes & come back with Hamza, right?
Hamza can only show the neighborhood alleys to Fabiha on the motor bike
but the man with whom she came back home last night, he can show her the entire world
and when a person's desires are welcoming her with open arms, then why not!
Fabiha is also doing the same thing, she is roaming around with her boss
and...
according to me, there is nothing wrong in it
I think I've put extra salt in it. Please check, also you didn't take the flat bread
come on, start eating
hello!
yes Hamza?
where are you Fabiha?
I've been calling you since morning
I had gone to Hadi's school as there was a function
its the parents duty to go to their children school. What was the need for you to go there?
Did you go there for this work?
the kids were insisting Hamza, since when you've started to think this way?
anyways, I will come to pick you so don't take an auto rickshaw
I want to talk to you
what do you want to talk about?
its an important matter, I will talk to you once we meet
and yes, be ready around 6:30 pm. I will come to pick you
Okay
you had scared us, mom
mom, its not as such a big matter that you've fallen sick
a daughter-in-law cannot go to her parents house to stay there?
you can so there thousands of times, but Somya to come back
mom, I am not going anywhere
I am here with you
and you are also with us
I want my children to stay happy
I want the relations to be strong among them
don't you worry aunty, we all are happy & the relations are strong
just get well soon & take care of your health
the secret behind my health is my children happiness, Arham
what's the use of getting worried, mom?
yes mom
you shall not worry
as it is..
when responsibilities are shared then
worries become easier
what happened, mom?
one minute, let me adjust the bed
please raise the head part
it would be better for you to keep your worries & your house related worries away from us
Today, in whatever condition mom is. There is no other reason but you!
I don't want mom's condition to worsen anymore
and for sure, you also don't want it
stay peacefully & let us live peacefully too
Mom, shall I give medicine to you?
where is Arham?
I don't know
he might have gone to the canteen or...
or maybe home
I'm sorry, brother
you have to bear so much because of me
you had to stay away from your daughter
I'm sorry brother, I am really sorry
have you gone mad?
Why are you blaming yourself for whatever is written in fate?
every person experiences good & bad times in their lives
now it came into my life
you had faced it too
as it is...
if a brother & sister will not support each other in bad times, then who else will?
I think sister-in-law doesn't like that you support me or take care of me
its not like that
actually she doesn't like Arham
and you are his wife...
that's why her behavior is not good with you as well
do I only have this relation with sister-in-law?
even if you don't have any relation, still a person makes a relation with love or so
yet she is your brother's wife
give her some time with love
she will become really good
please call Arham, ask him where is he
Okay
alright
let me call him
he is not responding
As far as bringing you along is concerned, I thought maybe today you'd spend some time with your mother
I would have stayed there if you hadn't come after getting upset
When people don't appreciate your presence, it's better for you to leave
how can you think this way?
please Sanaya
I don't want to argue anymore
Tell me Hamza, what is the matter?
actually... how is your job going?
its going fine, but why are you asking?
Fabiha, I think you shouldn't have taken money from sir Arham
Did Ma'am Sanaya talk to you about it?
yes
She was upset that you were being frank with Sir Arham
being frank?
what are you trying to say?
you are taking it wrong, I...
its you who is taking it wrong, Hamza
And when did you see me getting frank with Arham?
to go to kids school, and ask money from sir Arham. What is all this if not frankness?
are you doubting my character, Hamza?
I am not doubting, its not like that I am doubting you
The way you're talking clearly shows that Ma'am Sanaya has said something to you
She had complained to you about me, right?
She didn't complain, she was just...
You came here with a complaint.
If you trusted me, you wouldn't be asking me such questions, Hamza.
a person who trusts another person, he doesn't questions but give answers!
And sorry to say, I have to give clarifications to you
a relation which lacks trust isn't nurtured but dragged
as far as frankness is concerned, then yes! I am frank
with the kids of that house, whose responsibility is not mine but still I do care about them
I don't get paid for it
I am doing a favor on them
hold it!
I am leaving
no Fabiha... please wait
Fabiha wait, at least listen to me
where are you going alone like this?
so how else I should go, tell me?
what's the use of such a weak relation? That you question me after listening to anyone
when you don't trust me, then what's the use of it?
I do trust you, I am not doubting you.
 For God sake, Fabiha
I brought you here just to explain that you should mind your own business over there. That's it!
I didn't know that you would mind my words so much.
Shouldn't I mind it?
Ok fine Fabiha, I am sorry. I am really sorry, but don't be upset like this
I am not leaving after getting upset, Hamza
I am leaving, carrying my shattered hopes that were once tied to you
Fabiha, please listen to me once
and I won't let you go alone like this, I will drop you myself
there is no need of it, I will manage it
Fabiha, stop it. Please leave it
as I said, come with me
Okay brother Junaid, I will talk to you later
You returned from the hospital without informing me and didn't bring me along with you
If I had stayed there for some more time, your brother's wife might have forgotten her boundaries
Therefore, I left from there to preserve my honor
As far as bringing you along is concerned, I thought maybe today you'd spend some time with your mother
I would have stayed there if you hadn't come after getting upset
When people don't appreciate your presence, it's better for you to leave
how can you think this way?
please Sanaya
I don't want to argue anymore
did you call me, mom?
yes dear, sit down
what's the matter? Today your way of talking is a bit different
Fabiha look..
I don't believe on Farheen's words
that's why I want to know it from you
what do you want to know?
With whom did you come yesterday?
actually...
Arham came to drop me
who Arham?
I do the job at his house
does Hamza knows about it?
what will he think when he gets to know about it?
we don't test a man
have you forgotten your past mistakes?
mom, the journey started from the bus stop & ended at home. That's it!
why are you thinking too much?
there isn't any such thing
even if I would have come via bus, still Hamza had to think that way
A woman gives a man a chance to think
are you getting my point?
and...
who gave you this amount?
actually he gave me upon his mother's orders
I am telling you the truth, why would I lie?
next time, you will not come with Arham
this was last time, Ok?
I've told you
remember my words!
don't worry, I will be careful next time
Okay
go rest now
Hadi, its not looking good here
no, its looking good here
Hadi, your sister is absolutely correct!
its not looking good over here
why didn't you come to my school function?
all the children parents came, except mine
I'm sorry, dear
Fabiha aunty is better than you
She cares about our happiness a lot, but you don't
I had performed very well, but you missed it. I am upset with you
I don't want to talk to you
I'm sorry, my dear
mom had to go to the hospital
as your granny wasn't well, that's why
what! What happened to granny?
your granny has some pain in her heart
will she be fine?
she will become absolutely fine
hmm...
it seems that your anger is still not over
alright then, tell me what punishment mom will get?
today, you will sleep with us
absolutely! Hadi is absolutely correct
perfect! I will sleep for sure
lets go
and you will tell me the story that aunt Fabiha tells us
but mom doesn't know that story
then how about spider man story?
No no, tell some other like Elsa?
No...
Okay I will tell all the stories but first tell me how was my son's performance today? And you got first prize too. Wow!
I am so proud of you my child
did you enjoy?
I had enjoyed a lot
very good.
and what did you do today?
I?
yes
Fabiha, I am thinking to take all these clothes unstitched
there must be really good tailors in Muscat, so I will get them stitched there & then
And, this suit... I will wear this suit on uncle's dinner invitation
why are you looking at me like this?
won't uncle invite me on the dinner when I will go there for the first time after my marriage?
what was the need to tell mom that I came back with Arham?
as if mom had asked you thousands of questions
the matter is not about questions, sister
the way you must have told mom, I know it very well
why are you adding poison in her mind?
Fabiha, even I know a lot
and what do you think, would you like to tell me?
I am not a teenager, that I can't see or understand anything
There isn't a map like the one you want to draw. For God sake
Fabiha
do you realize now
that a person's wrong word or perception can hurt you so much
anyways, leave it
I've been through all this, but now I think its your turn
Does Mom doubt my nobility?
nobility!
nobility can never protect a person's character, Fabiha
look at me
even I am innocent
but I'm proved to be a characterless woman
come on Fabiha, pick up the call
why don't you get it that I don't want to talk to you, stop calling me!
hello! Its Arham speaking
oh!
Sorry, I thought its Hamza calling
No, I am sorry. I shouldn't be calling you so late night
No no, its ok you may call
I have scheduled an appointment for my mother with a physiotherapist & I want...
to show her for a second opinion
I know you do this work but...
still, second opinion is a good thing
I would have taken Sanaya along with me, but she has an important meeting
So... besides, you stay with mom so
it would be better for you to come along
yes, ok I have no objection
so, can you come early tomorrow?
I will come
Ok fine, I will pick you then
No no, I will come myself. There is no need of it
No, its ok. Your house is on the way to the hospital. So I will come
there is no need of any formality, I will come directly to the hospital
See, if you can take out one extra hour for you job then I can pick you too
its ok
next time, you will not come with Arham
this was last time, Ok?
remember my words!
where are you going so early morning?
I have to go early today
if you want to marry a woman, then bless them with their man (Quranic verse)
and if you guys become compatible after fixing of proposal (Quranic verse)
then there is no harm in it (Quranic verse)
ok mom, I am leaving
where are you going so early morning after getting so dressed up?
actually, maam Sanaya's mother-in-law is not well
So, she have an appointment so I have to take her to the hospital
Did Hamza come to pick you?
I am asking you, Did Hamza come to pick you?
No mom, maam Sanaya had sent her driver so I will go with him
have you informed Hamza?
yes yes mom, I have informed him. I have to leave now
as I am getting late. Ok?
bye!
in God's protection
great!
if a person has money, then he/she can buy freedom as well
look at her
mom is sitting like a pigeon with closed eyes
why do I care!
today, she will get me late again
Greetings aunty, how are you?
greetings!
you here?
yes, I come daily to pick up Fabiha
aunty, tell her to come quickly as its already very late
Fabiha... come quickly
Hamza...
I would have asked you to sit, but its of no use
you'll get late for office
Fabiha has already gone, so its useless to wait now
you also go
she has already gone?
yes! She has got a pick & drop from her new job from Mr. Arham
that too free of cost
how lucky she is!
what do you mean?
I mean, sometimes a person needs to change his/her time in order to change his/her fate
and... sometimes she needs to change her man as well
be quiet, what rubbish you are talking?
mom, I think soon both of you will become absolutely quiet