How can you even think that we will accept her?
Hadiya
What Hadiya?
You came here to serve my mother.
I know very well about your type of girls
You trap men by pretending as if you are oppressed.
Don't say a single word
Fabeeha has just seen my love till date
Now she will see my hate.
Mom, control yourself. What has aunt said to you? Come and sit here.
Ah. Ah.
What happened mom?
Curse on such daughter who left nothing to kill me.
Your aunt Bano is right that from now on I will have to hide myself in this house.
As soon as the sun will rise everyone will call me mother of a girl who ran away.
Mom control yourself. What happened to you?
Fabeeha won't go anywhere, she must be at any of her friends' house. I will also call her friends who worked with her in agency.
She is dead for me and you also consider her dead.
Control yourself and let's go home. Get up.
Oh my God. My bad.
The is passed somehow but you know that I can't eat dinner without you and nor I can sleep without you.
You are awake. Breakfast is ready, get ready and come downstairs till then I will inject insulin to aunt. Right?
Listen.
Yes.
Get ready in the evening.
Why?
We will go for dinner and we will do shopping for you as well.
OK, come downstairs.
Don't think that we are weak. This is the silence before storm.
This storm has come in lives of all of you and now this won't go away.
Wow, you have a bad mind as well as a bad tongue
By the way, how lucky you are
You have become a mistress from a maid. You have changed your worth.
It's my first meeting with you that's why I am tolerating with it.
Otherwise.
Otherwise? Tell me.
You are a guest here so it would be better that you stay here as a guest and I don't want any conflict between you and your brother so that you may lose this shelter.
What do you want to say?
I am advising you being your elder in relation that don't hurt your feet otherwise that will be injured.
Hi.
Hi dad, how are you?
How are you my dear daughter?
I am absolutely fine dad. How are you?
I am fine. How are you?
Dad, I am missing you a lot.
Dad is missing you too.
As you know that dad will come to take you back.
Promise.
Yes promise.
Just count to ten and you know that dad will be there.
OK.
Where is you mom?
She is making breakfast.
Hareem
With whom are you talking?
I am not talking to anyone.
Show me phone. I know that you were talking to someone.
Hareem, Hareem, listen to me.
Here is your tea and let me inject insulin otherwise your tea will get cold and you don't like cold tea.
Why did you do that?
I will do more bad than this if you will stay here for a single second more in my house. Do you understand?
Pack your stuff and get out of my house and get out of my son's life.
It's not that easy aunt.
What did you think that by injecting insulin and making tea for me? Can any servant change his worth?
I just talked to you with love and showed some sympathy and you forgot your worth.
The lowly and cheap girls like you are there to utilize for our comfort.
And make them fool.
So I did that.
Servants feel happy if they get a bit more than their salary but you
You got out of control.
If I had slightest of idea then I wouldn't have let you stay in this house for a single day.
I would have kicked you out of this house. I would have found so many girls like you.
What is your worth?
Sometime we have to face the consequences of our own wrong doing.
And maybe same thing has happened to you.
Your fake love and fake sympathy.
What do you think that I didn't know about that?
And I didn't do that aunt rather you have done that.
Don't make mistake by considering me like Sanaya.
And one more thing, from now on, I am not your caretaker.
I am daughter-in-law of this house.
I am wife of your son and that means that I am your daughter-in-law.
So if you want me to inject insulin or not.
Go to hell.
Fabeeha, what are you doing? Leave it.
Actually.
Get up, it will hurt you.
The tray got slipped from my hand.
Ask someone to clear this. Leave it. Give it to me.
Go.
Right.
Mom
Listen to me.
Just leave.
Sanaya, boss wants to see you. Let's go.
Sir.
Yes sir.
What's wrong with you Sanaya? I wasn't expecting this from you.
Why are you not focusing on your work?
What happened sir?
Both design and quotation are wrong. Thankfully I read it before sending.
Otherwise we would have lost this project.
This quotation can't be wrong. I am sorry, I have no idea. I am sorry.
I think you need rest.
No sir, I am perfectly fine. I am sorry, this won't happen again.
Sanaya, boss is absolutely right. You can't work in such pressure.
Sort out your problems and give yourself some time.
As I said, I am perfectly fine. I am sorry sir, this won't happen again.
What is this? Has Fabeeha done this?
We are in big trouble Hadiya, we are in big trouble.
What?
You were right. She is not that innocent as she looks like. She will create more problems for us. She is behaving differently in front of me and differently in front of Arham.
She has challenged me in my own house that I shouldn't make mistake by considering her like Sanaya.
She has challenged me in my own house.
What do you think of herself? How dare she to challenge us?
I wanted to kick her out of this house.
But why mom, she considers brother is her strength.
If brother won't be there for her support then who will support her. Now see how I fix her mind.
Hadiya listen to me. Hadiya
Fabeeha, Fabeeha. How dare you to challenge my mother?
You have forgotten your actual worth if you have come to this luxurious house from your small house.
I know how to fix it. Get out of here.
What are you doing? Leave my hand.
I said, get out of here.
Leave my hand.
I warn you if you tried to touch me again. I will forget everything.
What will you do? Tell me.
I will do the same thing which you are doing to me.
Will you kick me out of this house? Hmm?
I won't ask anyone to get you out of this house rather I will kick you out of this house myself. Don't make mistake by considering me weak. I am not Sanaya.
Hareem
Hareem
Why have you taken out books from bag and what have you put in the bag?
Nothing
Are you hiding something from mom?
No, there is nothing mom.
I know, you are hiding something from mom. Let me see.
Hareem, why have you put these clothes in bag?
Actually
Won't you scold me like dad?
Hareem, my dear daughter
My dear daughter, you are my dolly, why would I scold you? I love you so much. I won't scold you.
Dad promised me that he will come to take me.
Will you go with him and leave your mom?
Please go with me mom.
Dad is coming to take all of us.
He is lying just to take me back. Brother ask him. Why are you quiet? Arham assure me that you are lying. 
Leave him. Ask him brother.
Sanaya.
I married my daughter to you very respectfully. I didn't sell her that you will do anything to her.
She is not helpless.
Uncle get away, he is my dad.
You can't beat him.
Sanaya, what happened?
Tell me something.
I am very scared by Hareem's act today.
She has lied to me first time.
She was talking to Arham on phone and she decided everything.
She even packed her bag with clothes.
She can go to this extent. I didn't even imagine that she wants to go with Arham.
Whether you admit it or not but your decision has making a very bad effect on children' personality. There childhood has lost somewhere.
So what should I do mom? Tell me what should I do?
If Arham is coming here to take you back then you should go with him.
Your children will be disturbed, they are innocent. They need love of both mother and father.
Think about Hareem, she has lied to you today then she will stand against you one day.
No mom.
I won't let that happen.
Greetings
Greetings. Come here my son.
Let me make arrangement for tea.
How are you?
I am very bad, maybe that's why you have changed.
Sanaya, I am not changed, I was compelled because of the situation.
You were compelled?
Compulsion is not associated to men in fact it is associated with women.
So your anger is not over yet.
If I showed anger then this wouldn't have happened.
When someone gets excessive love then it happens.
Sanaya, Hareem called me.
She doesn't want to stay here.
Don't you think it's a big thing that our children have started to make their decisions by themselves.
And our children are going away from us because of this conflict.
So please leave your stubbornness just for the sake of our children and let's go home.
OK Arham
I am ready to go with you by forgetting everything but I have a condition.
Condition?
Which condition?
Now it's up to Sanaya to make the decision and I am hopeful that she will make a right decision after all of that.
Sanaya is very sensible and I am sure that she will get convinced and will make a right decision so don't worry.
Dad is here.
Put your hand on his head and swear and give me assurance that from now on you will neither meet Fabeeha nor you will keep any connection with her.
Put your hand on his head and give me assurance Arham.
This is not possible.
But why isn't this possible?
Why isn't this possible? What happened? Tell me.
You are giving importance to that girl over me and our children. You are giving more importance to that girl.
I won't go with you like this.
I need surety for me and my children. Give me assurance that you are my husband and father of my children.
You will have to choose between us (me and our children) and Fabeeha.
Sanaya, don't show this stubbornness for no reason, just leave it and go home, children will have bad effect of this.
I am not showing stubbornness, you are doing that.
All of this is happening because of you. You will have to choose between us (me and children) and Fabeeha.
I can't do that.
She is part of our family. I have married to her and she is my wife now.
No, no, are you joking that you married her.
No, he can't do that. He is joking.
You can't do that. You are joking. Right?
This is a joke, you can't do that to your Sanaya. How can you do that to me.
Put your hand on my head and swear that you can't do that to me. Give me assurance that you are lying. Say something
Sanaya.
Tell me Arham.
This is true. She is my wife.
I swear.
No, how can she become your wife? I am your wife and mother of your children. She can't be.
But how? Brother ask him, I think he is lying for taking me back. Am I right? Ask him brother.
He is lying just to take me back. Brother ask him. Why are you quiet? Arham assure me that you are lying.
I married my sister to you with respect. I didn't sell her so that you can do anything to her.
She is not helpless.
Uncle, get away. He is my dad and you can't touch him.
Hadi
You should be ashamed that you didn't even think about your children and now he is standing like a shield in front of you.
Just leave him Junaid.
It's useless to talk to him.
Dad is fine. Nothing has happened to me.
Tell Hareem that dad has come to take you back then we will go home. Right?
Hareem and Hadi won't go with you.
Not again. I am telling you that Hareem will go with me.
Not again. Sanaya is your sister so you can ask her to stay here but they are my children.
And no one can stop me to take my children. Do you understand?
No.
Children won't go with you. They will live with me.
Who will stop me? Your family?
My children will live with me they are my children. I can't live without Hareem. My children won't go anywhere, they will live with me.
OK, I am leaving Hadi only because of you.
But Hareem will go with me. Let me see who will stop me.
No, Arham.
Hareem.
Arham
Hareem
I can't live without Hareem.
I can't live without Hareem.
What happened? Why are you crying?
Uncle beat you.
No, I am not hurt. You are with me.
My brave daughter is with me so no one can beat me.
Uncle is a bad guy.
I will never go to his house.
Don't say that.
Bring mom and Hadi back as well.
I promise that I will bring them back but please don't cry.
We have reached home. Let's go.
Come to me. My dear daughter.
I won't allow him to take Hadi. Hadi will live with me.
Hadi is not going anywhere. He will live with you in this house.
Hadi won't you leave mom?
No mom.
I can't believe that how did Arham make such a big decision without thinking?
How can he be that lowly? But you don't have to worry, we are with you and we will support whatever you decide.
Let's go with me.
Sanaya
Mom.
Just leave her alone at the moment.
But.
Somiya is right, she should spent some time alone.
It's important for her to spend some time alone.
She will get strong as much as she will cry now.
And she will be able to accept this reality quickly.
I will never forgive Arham for what he has done with my daughter.
He has left my delicate daughter alone.
Mom Sanaya is not alone. Her brother is still alive.
And I am standing with her in every difficulty.
Get away uncle, he is my dad and you can't even touch him.
Why is Hareem so scared?
How will children react if their father is slapped in front of them?
Who slapped you?
Junaid.
I am so sorry. I am really sorry Arham.
Why are you apologizing?
So what should I do?
The person who has effected your whole life, she has nothing left except to get embarrassed.
Fabeeha you don't have to get embarrassed.
I should have thought about it earlier.
Making decision is not difficult but it's difficult to face the problems after making that decision and I will have to face that.
The reaction of Sanaya and her family is right. They are not wrong.
He rightly slapped me after what I did to his sister. He is not wrong.
I know whatever happened was wrong and I also know that no one will accept me in this house.
I got idea the way aunt talked to me yesterday.
That what is the difference between a caretaker and a daughter-in-law.
Maybe she was just showing her sympathy with a poor girl and that's it.
Listen Fabeeha
When someone's trust is broken then he reacts in the same manner.
And as far as her behavior is concerned then you will have to make room for yourself in her heart again by yourself.
We will have to face everyone after that decision we have made yesterday.
And they will take some time to adjust with it so you have to be strong.
I will try my best to make my room in aunt's heart and in this house. You won't have any complaints from me.
Thank you.
Mom, get up and eat meal.
I won't eat. Take it away.
What happened mom? How long will you keep yourself hungry?
Until I die.
But mothers are not selfish like this.
Have you thought that if anything happens to you then how will I live without you?
Fabeeha.
Don't take her name in front of me.
OK, I am not mentioning her.
But you should eat.
I told you that I am not hungry. I will eat when I will feel hungry.
You are being cruel with me along with yourself. You know that I haven't eaten anything since last night. Open your mouth.
Stop it.
Did you meet with Hamza?
No, he didn't come to office. I thought to talk to him on phone but I couldn't do that.
I will talk to him when he will come to office.
OK
Sanaya
With whom' support will you live now?
Your support is snatched by Fabeeha.
You loved Arham so much and used to take very good care of him.
But what did he give you in return? Betrayal and loneliness.
You were in this delusion that your love is sufficient for him.
But you are here
And with whom' support he is living his life? Hmm?
You are cursing your fate here but your husband despite of being a betrayer 
He is living peacefully with his second wife. There is a possibility that Fabeeha may love him more than you.
She didn't lose anything and you haven't got anything so such life is useless.
In which there is nothing except betrayal. So you should die. Such life is useless.
So you should die.