Mom, you can't take Fabiha lightly.
Don't trust her blindly. 
She is independent and she can take your son with her.
No
I am a seasoned player.
I am very experienced and I have made this decision based on my life long experience.
Why are you getting scared after seeing me.
You stayed away from me for two days and now you are telling me that I am scared.
You can't even have any idea that what is going on in my mind.
What are you talking about? What do you mean?
With whom were you last night?
I want to ask the same question.
If you have told her the truth today then why did you tell a lie that day
That wouldn't have benefited.
The same thing would have happened which happened today.
I heard your discussion with her.
And a person only lies when he is culprit.
And as long as I know, your relation with Mam Sanaya is not that week which can broken by a slight misconception.
Yes, it is not that week which can break easily.
She is a woman and she can doubt anyone.
Today she has doubted you, she will doubt on me one day.
Don't worry, that won't happen.
And if something like that happens then trust me you won't be accused.
I am not afraid if anything like that happens.
But why aren't you afraid?
Because I am sure that you won't allow any one to defame me.
And you won't leave me alone in any trouble.
And why are you so sure?
Just like you didn't have any reason to tell a lie that night in the same way I have no reason for my trust.
Fabiha, if you don't want to come with Hamza tomorrow then I will pick you. No issues.
Tomorrow is my off day.
Oh sorry, I forgot.
Greetings mom.
What happened?
Aren't you lying so much?
What are you saying mom? When did I lie?
Don't pretend to be innocent. You know it very well, what I am talking about.
Mom, I really don't know that what are you talking about.
I considered Farheen as a liar till date.
But I was wrong and I forgot that you are her sibling and you are also a liar.
What happened mom?
When your sir Arham didn't go to Islamabad
Then why did you lie to me?
And his mother also lied to me even though she is so sick.
Why? Tell me why?
I am asking you? Tell me why?
Why aren't you saying anything? Tell me.
Tell me
I am sure that Hamza would have said something to you.
Don't divert the topic, just answer my question.
Mom, whoever has given you this information, this is incomplete information.
Sir Arham and Mam Sanaya are back.
If sir Arham was with her mom then I wouldn't stayed there
But you have decided to believe whatever Hamza will say to you and you don't care about my words.
OK, I accept your excuse.
But tell me about the reason of conflict between you and Hamza. Why are you disliking him?
It's a torment to live happily in this house.
If you will search for happiness outside your house then you will be punished.
Mom you should understand that I am an employee / slave.
And slaves don't have their own will.
And does Mr. Hamza has the right to take me whenever he wants to.
And how much more I will have to get embarrassed because of Hamza? Do you know, how much I got embarrassed in front of them?
What would they be thinking about our family?
There is no respect and dignity of woman.
Do you know, about whom you are talking?
That person who always supported you in your bad times.
He always used to pick an drop you but what happened now and what has he done?
Mom
You should tell Hamza that he can't force me at all.
Mom
This is not right.
I am worried for Fabiha
I am sorry.
Arham please talk to me.
Sanaya, there is no point in apologizing.
You will raise questions again if anything will happen again. So, please let it be.
I promise I won't raise any questions.
Promises are needed in those relations where there is no trust.
So you should trust me to avoid such promises.
So tell me about the penalty.
I will accept whatever you ask me to do.
Tell me
I am sorry.
Sanaya, do you think that everything will become normal by saying sorry?
Arham if you want...
Sanaya please
Just leave me alone for a while because if we will stay together right now then it will create distances between us.
Arham, listen to me.
Arham
Here comes brother.
Greetings.
Greetings.
Come and have dinner with us brother.
You proceed, I don't want to eat.
Hamza, come and sit here.
Courier has delivered this letter.
What's the matter? You look worried.
Nothing mom, I am a bit tired today.
What is this?
It's a warning letter from office.
I have received two lacs from savings.
That two lacs won't be sufficient mom. How will I be able to arrange remaining eight lacs?
Submit this amount and get some respite.
They have already given me sufficient time.
Now I will have to pay that amount at any cost.
So what will happen now?
That's why I asked you to take Fabiha's help but you didn't listen to me.
What should I say?
Brother, have dinner.
There was no need to mention Fabiha at this moment.
You made him angry for no reason.
There was nothing to become angry. He is getting angry on minutest of things.
Don't worry.
That won't happen.
And if something like that happens then you won't be blamed for that.
I have become a liar because of your sir Arham.
What do you mean?
I mean to say that Hamza came here.
And he thinks that I lied to him that sir Arham has gone to Islamabad.
So that misunderstandings may be created between both of you so here you go.
Now, I am facing false accusations because of you.
Arham didn't go to Islamabad. Only mam Sanaya went there.
Arham?
Actually, aunt forbade me to tell you and mom otherwise she won't allow me to stay there.
That's why I didn't tell at home.
Fabiha
You lied to mom.
So what would I do?
If I had told mom then she wouldn't have allowed me to stay there.
So, were you with Arham?
Yes.
We went out, enjoyed rain and you know
I took care of him in his fever and I like that so much.
I never ever had such feelings for Hamza. Never.
So, did Arham say something to you?
What do you mean by that?
I mean
That he likes you or there is something like that in his mind.
He hasn't said anything yet but he will say that very soon.
I was unlucky.
But you are trying to make your fate.
I pray to God that your fate may not betray you.
You have to support me like this.
This habit is very bad.
You can't leave it easily.
I can challenge you.
You can't sleep without me.
I won't sleep without you.
That will never happen.
Did you eat pain killer.
That is a minor pain and will be cured with a tablet.
Do you have any ointment for that pain which I am getting from my family.
Did Hamza say anything again?
He doesn't say anything.
He makes me guilty in front of mom.
As if I am doing wrong to him.
Fabiha why don't you break your engagement?
What will I do after doing that?
There will be another person like Hamza come in my life.
So it would be better for me to bear this patiently.
Listen Fabiha, no one has the right to waste his life.
You have still time, refuse his proposal.
Otherwise, you won't have this opportunity after Nikah.
I know that.
So why are you doing this to yourself?
I don't know.
Maybe I haven't met anyone yet for whom I can refuse this proposal.
Really?
What do you want to see in your life partner?
How he should be?
Do you know Arham that a man feels that a woman wants money, big house, bank balance and a car. And this is only obligation on man.
So, what else?
A woman only needs love from her husband.
His all time should belong to her.
That's all.
But a man only cares about his rights and doesn't care of about others' rights.
There is nothing like that Fabiha.
I am right Arham.
You are a man that's why you are denying me.
Just leave it.
It's too late, you should sleep.
Otherwise you will have to give clarifications in front of Mam Sanaya again.
OK, take care.
Bye.
Bye
What has happened to me?
Why I am liking to talk to Fabiha?
I have started to feel her absence.
I am unable to stop myself from thinking about her.
What are you doing here at this time?
Come with me.
How rude?
Do you have any idea that I have been trying to call you from last 90 minutes but your number was continuously busy. With whom were you talking?
Hamza.
You are here at this time?
What happened?
If my phone was busy then I was talking to someone else. Right?
No, no. You are misunderstanding my son.
With whom will she talk at this time?
I am not misunderstanding aunt, her phone was busy.
Are you doubting me?
What happened? What is this noise?
I am not doubting you. I am asking a question and you need to respond.
But you don't have any right to ask question.
Fabiha
Bring your phone.
Mom.
Bring your phone. Go.
Farheen, bring her phone. Why are you standing here, go.
You don't believe me at all. You only believe on his words.
Farheen, why aren't you coming? Bring her phone quickly.
Take it and check.
Are you satisfied now? Or you want something else?
You give Hamza so much importance.
He doesn't trust your daughter. Will you marry me with him?
Fabiha, I am sorry. I got so emotional and I was unable to understand anything.
What should I do with your emotions? Will I pass my life with your emotions?
It's useless to talk to you.
Fabiha stop. Listen to me.
Mom, I am bringing water for you.
Shouting reveals that how good a person's character is.
And you have done enough.
We can manage household expenses from Farheen's earning. Think about your marriage.
Oh really
Then listen to me that I am not going to marry Hamza.
So please tell aunt about my decision.
Greetings mom.
Greetings. You are back safely.
Yes mom, I am back. How are you?
What happened mom?
Nothing. 
I have heard my daughter's voice after a long time.
That's why I got emotional.
Because I am your mother.
Why are you doing this mom. Don't cry like this. Be happy.
Just leave it. Tell me how is everyone at home? Brother, sister-in-law and Anaya.
By the grace of God, everyone is fine and everything is alright.
Well, what's your plan for tonight's dinner?
Are you coming tonight?
Sanaya, I am asking something.
Yes mom, I have just arrived last night. Let me talk to Arham.
OK, let me tell Somiya, she will make all arrangements.
And she is a perfectionist.
OK take care. Bye.
OK mom, bye.
Fabiha hasn't woken up yet?
I don't know.
The scene you created last night in front of Hamza.
You are still favoring him.
Despite knowing that he accused me and doubted me.
Fabiha, what are you talking about?
He neither doubted you nor accused you.
He was talking to you with so much love and respect, it was you who was misbehaving with him.
Wow, you understood his every action but you couldn't see his accusation on me.
You should have kicked him out of the house.
Hey, are you mad? Have you lost your mind? If you were speaking the truth then why were you shouting?
Shouting only shows how a person's character is, it doesn't show that he is right. Now it's enough.
We can manage household expenses from Farheen's earning. You should think about your marriage.
Oh really?
Then listen to me that I am not going to marry Hamza.
Please tell aunt Nasreen.
Well, well.
She ruined everything.
I told you that she is an independent bird.
She won't spare time in flying high and she has done that.
Now you won't be able to catch her.
What is she saying?
What happened to her?
Mom, why aren't you eating? Please eat.
Arham
Good morning.
Good morning.
What's this?
It is said that if we start our day with expressing our love then day becomes good.
Thank you.
Good morning.
Good morning
Thank you.
Only a wife knows that how to appease her husband.
You couldn't sleep at night.
It's evident from your face.
Who told you to sleep here because of anger?
You were angry with me then why did you express your anger on yourself?
Scold me, express your anger and scold me.
But never go away from me.
Please
So, your anger is over. Right?
Hmm
Mom has invited us for dinner tonight. Will you go there?
OK, we will go there.
I have brought coffee for you.
Thank you.
Breakfast is also ready. Come quickly.
I am waiting for you.
Come quickly.
I am coming.
What did you say to me?
I am right mom. I should have refused this proposal much earlier.
But what has happened now that you are refusing?
You know about everything and I am refusing because I don't want this to happen again.
I warn you if you will say anything to Hamza. I will treat you in a very bad way.
Mom, why are you putting my future at stake and why do you want to push me into a dark well?
The walls of that well are so high that I won't be able to come out even if I want to.
So you should sink in that well and don't think about fleeing from there. Understand?
And listen to me very carefully Fabiha.
If you will refuse to marry Hamza then you will see my dead face.
Now my life is in your hands. Understand?
Mom
Arham
Can anyone find charger of my mobile?
Sanaya
What's the matter mom? Is everything alright?
What's wrong, I am ringing bell and calling you but you don't even listen.
I am unable to find my charger, that was used to be here.
My phone battery is dead, how will Hadiya call me.
Here is your charger.
Where was this charger? Fabiha plugs in here.
It was in kitchen.
It's just a minor thing. You have got your charger.
It's not a minor thing.
Fabiha takes care of minutest of thing.
I don't feel uncomfortable but I can't spend a single day without her.
Mom where are my goggles?
In your cupboard drawer.
Mom, they are not there.
OK, I am giving you.
Mom, let me tell you that Sanaya's mother has invited us for dinner.
She wants everyone to join them.
OK, go there but I am not in a mood to go there.
Mom, she has invited everyone.
She will feel bad if you won't go there.
I don't care.
What will I get after becoming a good person in her eyes?
What will you do alone here? It would be better if you will go with us.
There is no issue in going with you, the issue is becoming a burden on your wife.
But if you want me to go there with you then ask Fabiha to come.
If she will come then I will go there.
At least she will take care of me.
OK, if mom feels comfortable with Fabiha then I will call her.
Right?
Right.
OK
Hi, what's up mam Sanaya? Is everything alright?
Aren't you committed to go somewhere today?
No, what happened?
Today, my mom has invited us.
And mom doesn't do anything without you.
In fact she feels very relax in your company.
So, can you please come for a short while.
Let me try mam Sanaya.
Don't try, you will have to come Fabiha. If you won't come then mom won't go there with us.
I can talk to aunt if you want.
No, don't do that, I mean, let me talk to mom.
So, you are coming.
Yes.
OK.
What should I do?
Mom
I am sorry, I shouldn't have said that much. That happened because of anger.
I won't say anything to Hamza. I swear.
If you want to make me happy then obey me and get married peacefully.
Mom, look at me, why are hasting so much?
Why are you making the biggest decision of my life out of emotions?
I have already made my decision.
Now it's your turn. Do you accept or not?
Mom, I need some time.
How much time?
I don't know.
When a person is boarded on a sinking boat then it's become difficult for him to make any decision.
And you are in same situation.
Mom.
But I have made my decision.
I will call sister Nasreen today and fix your marriage date. Do you understand?
Mom
Mom
What happened?
Mom, police has arrested Hamza.
What are you talking about?
I am right mom. Police has arrested Hamza for stealing ten lac rupees.
O my God.
Haniya called me, she was crying badly and told me that aunt Nasreen is crying badly as well.
What will happen now?
I don't know.
Haniya was calling Fabiha but when she didn't receive her call then she called me.
My phone is charging.
I am cursing that time, when I allowed you to do job because of our poverty.
But that allowance didn't mean to give you freedom.
Mom, what's my fault in all this?
He has been arrested because he has stolen money.
You are confusing us Fabiha.
I have understood everything. Take this phone and call Nasreen. Take it.
Haniya, how do I control myself.
There is no one to help us.
Sister Fabiha is there for us.
I called sister Farheen, she will do something.
Only our loved ones support us in difficult times.
Yes, you are right. Call Fabiha, let me talk to her.
She will do something.
Sister Fabiha.
Hi.
Haniya, what happened?
Aunt, police has arrested brother.
You don't have to worry. Tell sister Nasreen that there is no need to worry.
Mom is crying badly.
Please ask sister Fabiha to do something.
Give me the phone, let me talk to her.
This is not right sister Shaheen.
Have you forgotten that when Fabiha was in trouble then my son was so worried for her.
He borrowed money from everyone and paid that loan. He even went to jail.
Isn't this Fabiha's duty to support Hamza in this difficult time?
You are absolutely right sister Nasreen.
I am unable to understand that where should I go and to whom I should ask for help.
Why are you getting worried sister Nasreen?
Fabiha is here and she will handle everything.
OK, bye.
Mom, for God's sake stop crying. I am bring something for you and you will have to eat that.