Even though I am so close to you but I am feeling myself as a stranger.
I am standing here with great difficulty.
Who wants to die like this.
A man can forget his wife but he can't forget his children.
And sister Sanaya's holds a very strong position in this house because of her children.
And you will hear the sound of her strong footsteps very soon and also of brother's changing decisions.
And then you will be kicked out of this house.
I can't leave her.
And what about me?
I can't leave you either.
Think about it again Sanaya. Don't make any decision out of emotions.
Not only you but two more lives are associated with Arham.
And you can't force your children to stay away from Arham even if you want to.
How are you sister Farheen?
Do you still have my number? I thought that you won't even recognize me after that incident.
How can we forget our blood relatives?
The relations are formed only because of money these days.
We can only survive if we have money otherwise no one cares about us. And as far as relations are concerned they are useless now.
Why do you think that I have left you in this difficult time.
I have always thought about betterment of you and mom and I will do that in future as well. And as far as to appease mom then how long will she be angry with me?
I will appease her.
Fabiha, don't think about us right now.
And try to strengthen your relation with Arham.
You have no support in that house except Arham.
If you won't strengthen your relation then no one can do anything for you in that house.
Tell me that they have accepted you as his second wife or not?
No. Mam Sanaya wants to take divorce.
What? Really?
Yes but I don't want that to happen sister.
You are absolutely right.
But as I advised you
You only has to think about your relation with Arham at the moment.
Don't interfere in his matters otherwise that will create problems for you.
You only have to think about your relation with Arham.
And as far as mom is concerned then I am telling you
When she will see you happy and settled in your house then she will be convinced because she is your mother and she loves you. Are you getting my point?
OK take care. If mom will see me then she will be angry.
Right?
Right.
I will call you again later. Bye
Bye
Younger mom, look at this.
I have got four stars from teacher.
Wow, that's great.
By the way, you deserve that as well because you taught me very well.
Oh really?
Yeah. Thanks.
Now you will help me in my studies for exams as well.
Sure.
Dad, look I gave my star to younger mom.
Very good.
Now she will help me in my exams.
Sure.
Give water to dad.
Take it. Thank you.
Get fresh then we will have lunch.
Sir this letter is received.
Arham what is written in this letter?
What is this?
Sanaya wants divorce.
Hi Hadiya, how are you?
I am absolutely fine sister.
I was feeling uncomfortable so I called you.
You did right. When will you go back?
I would have gone today but I couldn't go by leaving Hareem in this house.
What do you mean? What happened to Hareem?
Leave it sister.
Tell me Hadiya, what happened?
She was making coffee in her school uniform in the kitchen in the morning.
I was shocked to see that. Have you ever asked her to do anything. She is just a little girl, it's not right age to do any work.
How does she know what is right and what is wrong for her? We are her elders and we will tell her what is right and what is wrong for her.
Fabiha is forcing Hareem to do household chores.
I think that she will force her to leave her school just to do household chores.
She was shouting loudly at Hareem in the morning. Hareem is so scared.
Didn't Arham say anything?
How would he say anything? She changes her attitude in front of him.
She behaves like that as if she cares for Hareem so much.
Why didn't you say anything to Fabiha?
Hareem is not only my daughter but she is also your niece so you should have forbidden Fabiha.
Sister Hareem is not only my niece she is like my own daughter, why won't I take stand for her?
But Fabiha started to threatened me.
I am very worried because I have to go back to my house then who will take stand for Hareem?
Then Hareem will be left alone here.
Brother Arham goes to office and Hareem will be alone and in that way Fabiha will get a chance to oppress her.
Sister, she has no children now. Just imagine that when she will have her own kids then she will do more cruelty to her.
Sister listen to me.
Your presence in this house is very important for Hareem so you will have to make your decision for Hareem.
Don't worry Hadiya, Hareem will be with me very soon.
Call her and ask that why she is doing this?
I will talk to you later.
Hi.
Sanaya.
Ah dad.
Hareem.
Arham
Arham what happened to Hareem.
Hello, tell me what happened?
Oh God.
Hadiya what happened to Hareem? Why was Arham shouting? Is my daughter alright?
Sister, Fabiha has pushed Hareem and she is badly injured.
What?
I told you that don't leave your children with Fabiha. Pray for her. Brother has taken her to hospital.
What are you talking about?
Hi Sanaya, Hareem has fallen down and got injured.
She is in ICU, please come here.
Don't worry, she will be alright.
Arham, control yourself, nothing will happen to Hareem. Please relax.
How dare you to push my daughter from stairs?
How can I do that? I didn't do that.
Sanaya leave her.
If anything happened to my daughter then I will kill you.
Sanaya relax, we are in hospital.
Just relax, nothing will happen.
She didn't do anything.
What did doctor say?
Nothing, she is in emergency.
I want to see my daughter.
Don't touch me. I want to see my daughter right now, right away.
Control yourself, she will be alright. I promise.
What if anything happened to Hareem?
Nothing will happen to our Hareem. I promise.
I sent her with you and I handed over her to you.
But you couldn't protect her.
You couldn't take care of your daughter because of other woman. You couldn't become a good husband and nor a good father.
Ask her to get lost from here. I can't tolerate with her.
OK relax, I will do something.
Come with me Fabiha.
O God, have mercy on my daughter.
Please relax. Doctor said that nothing will happen.
Fabiha, please leave.
By leaving Hareem?
Try to understand. She is her mother and she doesn't want to see you here and I don't want to create any other scene in hospital.
I have spent more time with Hareem than her so how can I leave her.
I won't leave. If she is your wife then I am your wife as well.
Fabiha
All of this happening because of Sanaya's stubbornness.
So instead of scolding me you should advise her.
And one more thing that I know that I am his second wife but I have the same rights.
Greetings.
Greetings, why are you standing. Sit. Go and bring tea for him.
Will you take tea?
My relation with you was not because of Fabiha but I said so much to you because of her. Even though you were also helpless.
And you have no son except me.
I forgot duty of a son when I saw my hopes are breaking.
I am such an idiot that I forgot my mother.
But I was sure that when your anger will cool down then you will come to meet your mother.
But I didn't think that you will come so soon.
Aunt, just like I have the responsibility of Haniya on my shoulders in the same way I have the responsibility of you and Farheen as well and I won't back off.
God bless you.
If your anger can be cooled down then you can also take tea.
Did you like tea?
Tea is good but the taste of Fabiha's tea is different.
I mean, tea is very good.
Hadiya, she is in emergency.
Hadiya, I will talk to you later and will update you.
Don't worry, nothing will happen to Hareem.
How is my daughter feeling now?
We have managed to stop the bleeding with great difficulty.
There are so many stitches as well. We will have to keep her under observation for next two hours.
Will she be alright?
Yes she will be alright. Just pray for her.
Can I see my daughter
You can meet her after some time. Nurses are dressing her. You can meet her after some time.
O God, have mercy.
OK take care.
I will tell mom.
Somiya
Call Junaid and ask about her well being.
I have talked to Junaid, she is still in emergency. She has got twelve stitches.
O God, twelve stitches..
Pray for her speedy recovery.
Ameen
O God, how many difficulties are written in my daughter's fate.
O God have mercy. You are the Lord.
O God, please comfort her heart.
Have courage mom.
If you will do this then who will take care of Sanaya.
She needs you more than anyone right now.
Take me to hospital.
OK, let me call brother. He will drop us to hospital and pick Anaya as well.
Ask driver to bring car.
I am coming.
How much is the bill?
Sit it's three hundred seventy five thousand.
Try this one.
Sir this is declined.
Try this one.
Take this.
My card.
HI
Do you have any other time to call. You call me whenever you want.
I will pay that.
Sorry for what. Some can be in any kind of emergency or may be stuck some where. I know that I have to pay the installment so I will pay that.
I made the biggest mistake mom. I shouldn't have sent Hareem with Arham.
Be brave Sanaya, everything will be alright.
But how mom, my daughter is fighting for her life only because of her father's carelessness.
I will never forget myself if anything happened to my daughter.
Nothing will happen to Hareem.
Nothing will happen.
What did you get by separating these innocent kids from their parents?
You destroyed a woman's house despite being a woman yourself. Aren't you ashamed?
Always remember that you can't snatch other person's love if you want to .
Get out of brother Arham's life before he may ask you to leave.
I think you are sensible enough that second wife can never obtain the status of first wife.
And not at all for girls like you.
Who neither take care of their own dignity nor about their parents'. They just go out to do wonders.
First thing is that you don't have any right to say anything about my family.
And as far as separating anyone from other then I didn't do that.
All of this is happening because of Sanaya's stubbornness.
So you should advise her instead of scolding me.
And one more thing that no matter if I am his second wife but I have equal rights.
Do you remember that when Hareem was born then there were some complications and she was put in incubator.
I was thinking about you and her by standing here like this.
How can I forget that?
But there is a big difference between that time and this time because my husband was with me at that time.
The responsible father of my children was standing with me.
But right now, husband of someone else is standing here. An irresponsible father is standing here.
Don't worry, everything will be alright.
Nothing will be alright Arham. Remove this thought from you mind that everything will be alright.
I will take my daughter with me as soon as she gets recovered.
My dear dolly, how are you feeling now? Are you OK?
I am fine mom. Don't cry.
She is mom's brave daughter.
Won't you leave me?
Never my darling.
Mom will never leave you and mom will stay with you.
My dolly my darling, get well soon then mom will take you home. Right.
I want to live with both of you.
Otherwise I will be angry with both of you.
No, don't be angry with me. And I won't let my dear daughter become angry with me.
I will stay with you for ever. I promise.
So you will go with us.
Yes my dear, I will go with you and will stay with you.
I promise.
Promise mom?
Yes, firm promise.
I couldn't refuse her mom. I couldn't refuse.
Hareem is most important right now.
But how will I stay in that house?
How will I stay there if there is no room for me.
How will I tolerate with her presence. I will die.
Just think about your daughter.
Who has just recovered from a fatal injury.
She wants to see both of you living together.
And your bitter decision will make a very bad impact on her mind.
No mom, I won't let that happen.
I will do what my daughter wants.
I will go to that house.
I am very happy with this decision of yours. May God always keeps you happy and blessed. Amen.
I pray to my Lord, everything will be alright.
Thank God that Hareem is back safe and sound otherwise she was bleeding that much that I was scared.
Is Hareem sleeping?
Yes, let me bring soup for Hareem.
Thank you.
Sanaya.
I have come here only because of my daughter.
Otherwise there is nothing like before for me and nor it can be.
And don't think that I will forget everything.
I am not asking you to forget.
But I don't deserve that punishment which you want to give me.
I admit that I have made a mistake.
But you can forgive this mistake if you want to.
Mistake can be forgiven but not sin.
If you had married her in compulsion then I would have accepted it.
But when a man loves other woman than first wife should leave her place and I am doing the same thing.
Because I don't want to share my love, neither my husband and nor father of my children.
So you can be forgiven on one condition only.
When you will chose anyone from both of us.
You must be feeling hungry. Eat something.