I am in big trouble.
I have all my necessities on my one hand and my mother on the other.
I am unable to understand that what should I do.
Arham
Don't worry.
This bad time will pass.
What is the dowry amount.
Sister, what do you say, it's around fifty one thousand. What is your opinion?
Five hundred thousand rupees.
Five hundred thousand? What are you talking about sister. Think about marrying your daughter.
Everyone was asking about you in Asad's wedding. You should have gone with us.
Mom you know that it's not that easy to get leave from office.
I forgot to ask you because you were busy in Farheen's marriage function. Why are you tensed these days.
No. Actually, it's because of official busyness.
He is making excuse of office work. In fact he has fought with sister-in-law.
By the way
I think sister-in-law has beaten you very hard.
No problem, keep doing that. Your sister is here
I will give you hot milk with turmeric.
Haniya, behave, he is your elder brother.
Mom, why are you scolding her?
She is my younger sister and she can make fun of me.
But she should say something which doesn't make other person feel bad. What will your sister-in-law think if she heard that.
Don't worry, Fabiha doesn't mind this.
Are you happy now?
You have made very nice tea.
Well, Khalida called me and she was asking about wedding of Haniya.
What do you say about it?
OK, do whatever you feel better.
And I was also thinking that you should talk about fixing mine and Fabiha's marriage date with aunt Shaheen.
Why are you saying this so suddenly.
Is everything alright?
Yes, everything is alright.
I want to tie knot with Fabiha now.
Is there anything wrong between you and Fabiha?
You look a bit worried.
No, there is no such thing. Every thing is fine among both of us.
It would be better if this distance may remove as well.
Mom, you should understand that he wants that he doesn't want to go to her house to get beaten by her. So he wants to bring her here.
You are so naughty today.
Fabiha
Did you tell mom about Haroon?
No
Don't tell her. She will get worried for no reason and her blood pressure will shoot up because of tension.
Doctors have strictly advised to save her from any kind of tension.
Who is calling?
Hamza
Receive call, talk to him and tell him everything.
I can't receive his call.
I am scared from his craziness.
If I told him then he will do something. So, I can't tell him.
Listen Fabiha, you need protection at the moment.
And he is your protector.
If you will tell him about everything then you will feel very strong.
Remember one thing.
It's become very difficult to save a drowning person.
And by the way
You don't have any other option except Hamza
He loves you so much and he will get ready to do anything for you.
He will arrange not only four hundred thousand but also four million if required.
Are you getting my point?
Good, I am your elder sister.
I will never give you any wrong and bad advice.
Mom, here is your tea.
And please don't ask me to do anything else.
Hadiya, it's been four days since I am in this room.
Take me to lawn on wheel chair so that I will take tea there.
Mom, you are seeing that I am doing my packing but your wishes are endless.
And do you think it's an easy task to hold you.
I can't do that alone.
I will ask brother Arham, he will take you out when he comes. Take your tea.
And from now on, ask brother Arham to do your work.
He should realize about his responsibilities.
You are my offspring as well and it's also your responsibility.
Mom, you have made me stranger by marrying me so I have responsibilities of my in-laws' house now.
I can't fulfill responsibilities of both my in-laws' house and my mother's house and does anyone care about me and my daughter.
It's been two weeks but my brother didn't even take his niece for dinner outside.
No. Only I have to take care of everyone but no one will take care of me.
And from now on, you should take care of yourself.
I will feel very sad after your departure.
You should have stayed for few more days.
Mom, I am leaving very respectfully now.
If I stayed for few more days then your daughter-in-law would have pushed me out.
Muskan
Mom
Mom, come here, breakfast is ready. Your tea will get cold.
I am coming.
I am coming. You make noise.
That's very nice
I am surprised to see this glow on your face today. Is everything alright.
Yes
I am happy that you paid attention towards me.
And you saw happiness on my face.
My child, I want you to stay happy throughout your life.
Mom
If you weren't that stubborn then you would have seen this happiness on my face much earlier.
Now look, it's so good.
Uncle arranged visa for Haris and we also arranged money.
Well
When will Haris go?
He didn't tell me anything about that but he promised me that he will arrange to call me there within six months.
I think Hamza has arrived. Let me inform Fabiha.
O God.
May my daughters' happiness not get effected by evil sight.
Yes sir, I will be ready for online meeting at 11 AM. Don't worry. OK.
Muskan get ready
Hadiya, breakfast is ready. Do I serve that for you?
Wow
You are serving mother-in-law and sister-in-law by leaving your office work.
By the way, I couldn't believe that you will be convinced so quickly to leave your job.
Don't let your belief break Hadiya.
Job is our necessity and mom is our responsibility.
And neither me nor Arham will back off from those.
Yes it's obvious.
How will a liberal minded girl hold such a big responsibility.
You should be courageous enough to keep yourself in the house.
By the way, I am not sure about you.
A girl like you who can leave her own children at her mom's house.
What will she do to her mother-in-law? My mom just have few days left and she will pass that period.
You should think before saying something.
If we consider responsibilities as burden then life becomes difficult.
And if we fulfill those as our duty then even bad time will pass very easily.
But you can't understand this.
My mother is going through a bad time
If my mother-in-law was not ill then I would never leave my mother on your support.
Are you going back?
Yes, it's obvious.
I can't leave my mother-in-law dying like you are doing.
Hadiya.
Truth is always bitter.
And
By the way, it's time for my flight so if you may please allow my brother to drop me to airport.
Relax. Relax Sanaya.
Fabiha, Hamza has arrived.
OK.
What are you doing? He will bother us more if we will do this.
Are you mad? Be sensible. There is no need to talk to him.
You should ignore him at the moment. He will stop calling you.
And listen, you are not alone in this house, I am also a girl, at least you should think about me.
If anything bad happened then you know about Haris' mentality.
Listen
I think you should switch off your mobile for a few days.
And also tell Hamza about this matter.
Otherwise I will definitely tell him.
You are a girl and you can't handle him alone so let Hamza deal Haroon.
Go, he is waiting for you.
Sanaya give me my wallet.
Sanaya.
I am here.
Thanks
Hadiya is going back today.
I know.
If you knew about that then why didn't you tell me?
Her mother-in-law is sick.
So it would be better for her to take care of her mother-in-law.
She is waiting for you downstairs. You have to drop her at airport.
Has mom done breakfast.
Yes, I am going to give her.
Did you talk to caretaker? Is she coming?
Yes, I talked to her. She will be late.
OK, let's meet in the evening.
I know that Haroon must be the reason behind this refusal.
Fabiha how long will you keep sitting at home by getting scared from Haroon?
Maybe you have forgotten that you need this job.
Not every person is like Haroon.
And I know madam Sanaya's family very well.
They are well educated.
And I can trust them with close eyes, that's why I am sending you there.
I don't know what is going on in your mind.
Even Haroon was well educated.
Not necessarily every educated person is good.
It's good to be a human being.
And
I am scared because of that incident so I... Please.
If I am with you then you don't have to be scared from anyone.
I want to do office work. No matter whatever that may be.
But I can't do caretaker job. Please.
OK relax. Relax.
It's your decision and you are free to take your decisions.
Tell me that I called you so many times last night, why weren't you receiving my calls?
I had slept.
Do you know that I couldn't sleep whole night.
I kept thinking about you.
You do it daily, there is nothing new.
But there was a strange restlessness in my heart.
I felt as if you are very worried and you need my support. You want to say something but you are unable to say that.
But maybe I am thinking a bit more.
Fabiha
Please tell me the truth that you are not hiding anything from me.
No Hamza. I...
How long Haroon has been calling you?
Tell me Fabiha.
He wants his money back.
Street number 46, house number 212, lane number 4.
How long will you run away from me.
Have you forgotten that day's beating.
Oh, it's Mr. Hamza.
It's my habit that I never forget anything.
I didn't kill you that day but if you won't stop bothering Fabiha then I will kill you.
I am not afraid of your mere threats.
You don't know about me.
You were lucky that day that you went away safely otherwise my dogs were sufficient for you.
I am not afraid from dogs like you.
But I want to spare you Mr. Hamza.
Why are you putting your life at stake.
It would be better to get away from my path.
What if I won't do that then?
Let's make a deal.
You can take whatever you want.
Just handover Fabiha to me.
Just shut up.
I will gouge out your eyes if you even try to look towards Fabiha. Fabiha is only mine.
He is bothering you, why didn't you tell me?
I didn't tell you because of this extreme reaction of yours.
Fabiha listen to me very carefully
No matter if I kill anyone but you won't hide anything from me.
You can't fight against Haroon, why don't you understand that?
It would be better for me to return his money as soon as possible.
I will arrange that.
But how will you arrange?
Fabiha, I will arrange that amount somehow but you don't have to be afraid from Haroon. I am with you.
I will sell my bike and do anything else.
But we can't arrange four hundred thousand rupees by selling your bike.
Be sensible instead of this enthusiasm.
So you want to say that my mother is liar.
Listen Sanaya, mom didn't eat anything since morning and her insulin didn't inject as well.
No one is taking care of her.
If you can't fulfill your responsibilities then tell me.
I brought her breakfast but she threw away the tray.
And as far as insulin is concerned so I thought that Hadiya would have injected her before tea.
Stop it.
You always mention Hadiya, don't handover your responsibilities on Hadiya.
I am telling you Sanaya
If anything happened to mom then our relationship won't continue.
Mom, I have brought breakfast for you. Eat quickly, my meeting is about to start.
Hadiya gave you tea? Did she inject insulin?
What difference does it make?
Whether insulin is injected or not and your mother-in-law lives or dies.
Attend your meeting.
Are you happy that you forced Hadiya to leave this house?
My daughter has gone back. What else do you want?
What are you talking about? No one has forced Hadiya to leave this house, she has gone with her own will.
Whatever happens in this house is with your will.
We can only breath without your consent.
If that is in your authority then you won't allow us to do that.
Eat breakfast quickly.
I don't want to eat. Take it back.
Don't argue. Eat a bit.
I hate to see your face.
Boss must be calling me
Five missed calls.
Yes sir.
This is very unethical miss Sanaya.
You should have been aware of meeting time.
I am sorry sir. I am really sorry.
Try to distinguish between office and domestic work.
Because client doesn't care that your mother-in-law is sick or your children. Thankfully, client requested us to delay the meeting for half an hour.
Otherwise, I would feel embarrassment because of you.
I am extremely sorry sir. You won't get embarrassed because of me.
I'll be very careful next time.
It's OK. I am taking you on conference call.
OK sir.
Good morning sir.
Eat my child.
Greetings mom.
How are you feeling now?
Greetings. Stay blessed.
Sanaya called me.
She told me about her promotion.
OK
I talked to her and she told me as well.
It's a game of luck.
Hopes are increasing as well as burden of responsibilities.
It's good thing about time that it passes whether it's good or bad.
This time will also pass.
God willing.
By the way, Hadiya was very concerned about her mother.
She didn't care and humiliated her sister-in-law's family.
She is thinking that we are responsible for this condition of her mother.
She came here for two months to take hold of responsibilities.
So she should take care of her mother. She would know about the burden of responsibilities.
She is going back.
Oh I see.
Where has her love for her mother gone?
Mom, if I was in place of Sanaya then I would have treated Hadiya rightly.
Sanaya has a great opportunity to humiliate her just like she humiliated us.
Then what will be the difference between her and us?
Mom, your this silence will cause damage to your daughter someday.
What are you talking about?
I am just saying what I am observing.
Take some more and eat quickly.
The way you have made me to live alone Sanaya
If I didn't make you to live alone like this then change my name.
She doesn't receive call.
I don't know whether insulin is available at home or not.
Greetings mom.
Greetings. What happened?
You look worried.
Is everything alright?
I am fine mom.
Tell me about your interview.
What happened to her?
She was in good mood when she left.
Did Hamza say anything to her?
What happened? Why are you so quiet? Did you argue with Hamza?
Did you talk to Hamza?
I couldn't do that.
What do you mean?
We were in restaurant and Haroon called me.
Leave that call.
Tell me that you talked to Hamza about returning that amount. Will he return Haroon's amount
Yes
First he will sell his bike and then he will sell his house.
Then he will sell himself and return all his amount.
You are talking nonsense. It's not a minimal amount.
He has to fulfill his responsibilities and I don't want to take any favor from him. I will do that myself.
Really? So tell me, what are you plans?
Sister, I am searching a job. As soon as I will get a job. I will take loan and return all his amount.
But what if you didn't get any job then?
And if this is the plan then you should ask Hamza to do that. He will return that amount.
I have been calling you since last two days but you have received my call now.
Where have you been? Do you know, how worried I am.
Where will I go? I am here in your heart.
You just talk like this.
My dear Farheen, there are so many processes of visa approval. I was busy in that.
My visa has got approved.
Really
Thank God.
Haris just leave this country as soon as possible.
Lest Fabiha ask you to return her money.
I won't stay here. I am leaving and my flight is scheduled tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
Yes tomorrow.
Farheen, but I...
But what Haris. Tell me.
Anyways, just leave it.
Actually, I don't want to make you more worried.
Haris
I will get worried if you won't tell me. Please tell me, what's the matter?
Actually, I can't make arrangement to call you there immediately.
I am not asking you to do that immediately.
You can do that after four to six months.
There is no chance until eighteen months.
Eighteen months?
Haris
How will I live here without you for such a long time?
Think about me as well. How will I live alone there without you?
The amount which Fabiha gave us was utilized in visa's of mom and me.
And from remaining amount I deposited that for the accommodation for one year.
So how can I call you there without any job.
You will have to wait.
But how much?
I won't be able to do that.
Please do anything and arrange money.
Tell me, what can I do?
We even sold out mom's jewelry otherwise I would sell that for your sake.
Now I can only manage if I will get a job.
How much amount is required?
Around two hundred thousand.
Mom, what happened? Is everything alright?
I have a severe headache.
My head is spinning as well.
My body is shaking.
I haven't eaten breakfast nor insulin is injected since morning.
I have been ringing bell for so long but Sanaya is not listening.
The voice of a compelled person even reach heavens.
But I don't know why doesn't anyone listen to me.
Sanaya
Sanaya
Yes, what happened?
Mom is ringing bell for so long, didn't you listen?
No, mom didn't ring that bell. Why wouldn't I come if she did that?
Sanaya if I can come here after hearing bell sound then you can also come.
And
Did you hear that sound? Did you?
Tell me.
This is my bad luck.
You can see that she is denying me in front of you.
I am not telling a lie.
So you want to say that my mother is liar.
Sanaya, mom haven't eaten since morning and insulin was not injected. No one is taking care of her.
If you can't fulfill your responsibilities then tell me. I am telling you.
If anything happened to mom then this relationship won't continue.
Don't stand like this. Bring insulin and make breakfast for her.
I am not neglecting my mother. I am concerned about her.
I am worried for her all the time.
I trusted you after God that you will take care of her.
But you are unable to do that. Tell me so I won't get hopeful from your side.
We have hopes with those person only who can fulfill those hopes.
You knew in one day that I can't fulfill your hopes.
Did I ever give you any opportunity to complain?
I have so many responsibilities like office, children and household chores and I am managing all my responsibilities very well.
By thinking that we are one and together but our responsibilities are segregated.
Dad. Dad.
Dad. Dad.
Hadi, get away.
Aren't you seeing what I am doing? Get away.
Arham
What happened Arham? He is just a kid.
He is mine.
I will teach him what is right and what is wrong. So stay out of it.