You know what
When I used to see you with Arham and your kids then I wished that I would have been in your place.
And I didn't even know how my wishes came true.
All my desires get fulfilled without even any request. What else can a wife demand.
Your husband can act like a puppet in front of you but not your mother.
Get lost from here. Get lost.
Get lost from here right now.
Mom, listen to me.
Why are you wasting your time?
Why are you increasing my blood pressure? Get lost. Just leave.
I know that you are considering me as a burden.
But you will be set free from this responsibility very soon.
Oh
What happened?
If you need milk then why didn't you ask your mom to give you?
Come to me.
Are you angry with me?
Hmm?
Won't you get appeased?
So, if you will remain angry then who will hug dad.
And won't you get appeased even if dad tell you that he has brought this dolly for you.
I don't need this.
So tell me, what do you want?
Hadi hugged me and he got his car.
Really?
Yes, he has got his car.
Now hug me. My dear daughter.
For whom you were taking this milk?
Well, mom is not feeling well.
So I had to give her medicine that's why I came here to take milk.
Oh really, let's go to your mom.
Greetings mom, how are you? Sister tole me that you visited doctor today, what did Shehla say?
First you tell me.
About what mom?
That you are neither calling me nor you have come here to meet me.
Why are you getting so reserved from your mother? And now you are hiding matters from me as well.
What's the matter?
Nothing mom, actually children are giving exams so I am busy.
Now tell me, what did Shehla say?
Shehla advised me that I shouldn't get worried.
So why do you get worried?
You will fall sick if you do that.
My child it's because of age factor. It happens in this age.
Nothing happens if we take good care of us.
I am happy. I know that you are worried because of me.
Don't worry, I am happy. I have adjusted myself with the situation.
And as you say that a woman should adjust with the situation.
So I have compromised as well.
That it's useless to curse my fate.
I have to maintain those relations which I have right now.
So you daughter has left her stubbornness.
I am glad that you have obeyed me.
And you made me proud by obeying me.
But it's not right that you keep yourself reserved from me.
There is nothing like that mom.
Don't think about it, I am very happy.
So now you have to take care of yourself because your presence is very important for me and brother Junaid.
So from now on, you won't get depressed. OK?
OK fine, I will do that as per your wish.
I wanted to say that it's been a long time since you visited our house.
I am feeling very sad without all of you.
At least come here.
And if Arham wants to come here then you must bring him as well.
OK mom, I will try. Take care. Bye.
Mom.
Hmm.
What's this? Who has given you this doll?
Dad has given me.
It's my doll.
Very nice, it's very beautiful.
Hareem told me that you are not feeling well.
No, I am fine.
You have a very high fever.
I don't need anyone Arham.
I will be alright.
I know Sanaya.
I know that you need me but your stubbornness has made you to live alone but you won't admit that.
If someone's companionship becomes burdensome then it's better to live alone.
There are so many loyal persons, who never leave anyone alone.
Sanaya, I don't want you to live alone.
Stop it Arham, please.
We will discuss this topic that day when you will find yourself lonely.
Get up, let me take you to doctor.
I don't want to go anywhere.
I will go to doctor if required.
You should take care of Fabiha because she needs you most at the moment.
OK
Take rest and tell me what do you want, I will bring that for you.
Has mom slept?
Yes.
She told me that Sanaya called her.
Did Sanaya tell her anything?
I don't think so.
If Sanaya had told her then mom would have told me.
Did you talk to Sanaya about this matter?
I called her in the evening.
But I couldn't tell her, even though she mentioned doctor Shehla.
Anyways, how long can we hide this matter? She will know anyway.
Hmm
I am worried about mom that she shouldn't know about that.
Hmm
Do you have pen?
No, let me check in drawer.
That must be in your drawer.
No it's not here. Bring me one.
Are you OK?
Yes, I dropped thermometer.
You had a very high fever last night.
We couldn't go to doctor so
I put cold strips on your forehead just like you does to me when I have fever.
I was about to leave but you held my hand.
And you didn't let me go.
So I slept here. I hope you wouldn't have minded that.
You shouldn't have done that for me.
And thank you so much.
When a man loses his love one like this.
Then either he wants to see that person ruined
Or he wants to throw that person away from her mind.
Miss Faryal and Miss Maha, I am telling you that this is last warning.
Ayesha, have you seen Hamza?
Hamza is with Faryal.
If there is any problem in shelf then that should be sorted out and if no one is listening to you then you should directly approach me.
It's your responsibility. I don't know how do I make you understand.
Hamza, how are you feeling now?
Now get back to work.
How are you feeling now?
I am feeling better now.
That's good.
Farheen, I want you to do something for me.
Oh really? So you consider me important.
Actually, Haniya's in-laws are coming so I want you and aunt to come to my house.
Actually, she feels comfortable with you because she is attached with you but she is a bit hesitant with aunt.
Don't worry, I will definitely come.
Thanks.
Well, why didn't you come to pick me in the morning?
Oh I am sorry, I forgot to tell you that I had to meet a client early morning that's why I couldn't come to pick you.
You are lying. You didn't came because you were afraid that you didn't want to see Fabiha again.
And you are thinking that if Fabiha will start coming there then you won't come there.
What are you talking about Farheen? There is nothing like that. That is her mother's house and she can visit that house whenever she wants.
And I have no right to decide or think that I won't come there if she will come there.
I am telling you the truth that I went to meet client. You can ask boss about that.
OK
Don't drop things down. Put it properly.
Let me check, how high fever do you have?
Only poor girls like me are bad who know so many ways to trap men.
But if a well educated woman does the same act then no problem.
Wow
You are behaving like this because your husband couldn't sleep with you for one night.
Have you ever thought about me?
That what do I feel when I see Arham with you?
What do I feel?
Don't I feel jealous?
But when fire extinguishes, it turns into ashes.
And that stings in the eyes.
And I have become that ash for you.
What happened
Aren't you feeling scared after seeing me so strong.
I don't accept defeat so soon.
So don't consider me weak.
I have got Arham with so much difficulty so I won't let you snatch him from me that easily.
I don't have anything to lose.
He was mine yesterday but he is yours now.
So, you should be scared.
And remember one thing that this scare drowns a person.
Love is like a deep river.
And only those can dive into deep river who know how to swim.
And you know very well how to swim.
Am I right?
But I won't let you swim.
It is said that if we are drowned, we will drown you too.
At least tell me, what do you want to eat in breakfast?
You were right Farheen.
I didn't come because I didn't want to see Fabiha again.
Because whenever I see her, I don't like anything.
Issue is not with seeing Fabiha
The issue is with your sentiments which are still associated with her.
Hamza, you are being cruel to yourself because Fabiha doesn't care.
Love is that kind of disease which can't be cured.
Hamza
Hamza, Fabiha's family is about to get completed.
She has gone far away from you.
Listen, I am sorry. I know that you are hurt.
Today, I have lost her completely.
Listen, lapsed time never comes back whether that was good or bad.
But we can make good decisions for ourselves in present.
But Fabiha was included in my every decision.
Ever since she has left my life, I am unable to understand what is good and what is bad.
Because you don't want to understand Hamza.
There is nothing like that.
In fact it is. It is exactly like that.
So tell me, what should I do?
When a man loses his loved one like this.
Then either he wants to see that person ruin.
Or he throws that person out of his mind.
You wouldn't want to see Fabiha in any kind of trouble.
But you can forget her at least.
You will have to be happy to become strong in front of Fabiha so that she may feel that you are settled in your life and that didn't make any difference to you.
OK and how will Fabiha believe that.
You know here better than anyone else.
It's OK then.
I am ready to do that but tell me can I make Fabiha restless and how can I cause restlessness in her life.
Don't you really know that or just pretending that?
Farheen, honestly, I really don't know.
Then just leave it Hamza. You won't be able to do that.
If you are unable to forget Fabiha then how will you think about someone else?
But don't burn yourself in fire of her love lest you may become ashes.
Remember one thing, the love which turns into ashes doesn't have any sign left.
But even then if you want to die in her love then I can't do anything.
If you are unable to forget Fabiha then how will you think about someone else?
Don't burn yourself in her love lest you may turn into ashes.
Surprise
Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday dear Fabiha. Happy birthday to you.
Give me my socks.
Are you angry?
Am I looking angry?
Hundred percent.
Then you must have known the reason of my anger.
Listen Fabiha, Sanaya was sick and she had a very high fever so tell me what would I have done if I hadn't gone to her.
I have no issues if you want to take care of her or stay with her but at least you could have informed me.
I was waiting for you that you will come and give me medicine but you didn't come.
I came there to ask at 2 AM but the door of your room was closed.
So, should I have to disturb your privacy?
So you didn't take medicine.
No.
You should tell me which medicine should I take at which time and set yourself free from this responsibility.
That won't happen at all.
You are my first priority. It's my duty to take care of you and I will do that.
Yes, I accept that I should have gone there without informing you.
And I am sorry. Right?
Do you know, that I haven't taken a single glass of juice since morning.
I am starving so much. Do you have any care?
Let me bring that for you but first let me wear my shoes. Right?
Don't smile like this.
When a man loses his loved one like this
Then either he wants to see that person ruin or he throws that person out of his mind.
You won't like to see Fabiha in any trouble.
But at least you can forget her.
You will have to be happy in front of Fabiha to make yourself strong so that she may believe that you are settled in your life and that didn't make any difference to you.
You are unable to forget Fabiha so how can you think about anyone else
But don't burn yourself in her love like that lest you may turn into ashes.
Remember one thing that if love turns into ashes then it's become forgotten.
But even then if you keep mourning for this love and die because of that then no one can do anything.