Arham
Arham, what's the matter? Are you fine?
I am feeling dizzy
you are having a very high fever, come let me give you a medicine
 No no... 
I will be fine
Now that you are making me habitual of it, don't spoil me
a person like me should be treated like this
Arham, do the breakfast then you have to take the medicine as well
leave it
you may go
then drink some milk
you have to eat something first to take the medicine
get up, Arham
I am coming in a while
Hadi, be careful don't hurt yourself & don't annoy your sister Hareem. Ok?
hello! How are you Hadia?
I am absolutely fine, how are the kids?
I am perfectly fine, also the kids are doing well
sister, are you happy?
Hadia, do you know?
Sometimes, we close the doors of our heart because we become weary of these moments of happiness
The happiness died a long time ago
What will I achieve now by continuing to live in them?
sister, you are absolutely correct
one day all of us will die
but it doesn't mean that we shall stop living
Children play a vital role in a husband and wife's relationship
the relation becomes stronger because of the children
why are you tolerating all this?
for your kids, right?
I will say, please forget the past & move on
with a happy heart & mind
I won't be able to do it, Hadia
Arham's actions have hurt me a lot
And the account of deeds will be settled on the Day of Judgment
you are right sister, but we have to live until the day of judgment
and how will you live under the same roof like two strangers?
have you ever thought about your children?
They must have been mentally disturbed to take such a big step
you should be thankful to God that you've found them back
it means that God also wants you both to stay together
please sister, be happy in God's will & move on
for the sake of your children
It's very important for two people's minds to be compatible in order to spend a life together, Hadia
answer me one thing
If a woman makes a mistake, a man threatens her with a second marriage
Now another woman will come and tell me how to respect my husband and nurture the relationship?
A woman who has managed without money
supported you in the poor conditions
took care of you & your house by doing the job
tolerated the taunts of her family & other people
What that woman is punished for?
for tolerating the poor conditions? or for supporting?
or for being a woman?
I have endured every punishment for your brother, Hadia
But I don't have the courage anymore to tolerate
tell me, what shall I do?
Sister, I want to say once again that I want my brother's marriage to remain intact
and I am very guilty that brother Arham did all this with you
but please give this relation another chance for the sake of your children. Please
See, the kids are happy to see you both together. How will you raise them all alone?
I want the kids' happiness to remain intact
both of them shall always see you both together & you all shall always stay happy & together like this
sister... 
do think upon my words, please
bye!
Hadi Hadi.. .
I will.. 
yaay.... 
hello!
Hello?
this is Shaheen speaking, Fabiha's mother
yes aunty, I have recognized you. How are you?
how are you?
I am fine
actually I want to talk to you about Fabiha
aunty, whatever Fabiha did with me after that.. 
Anyway, I had cared about her condition, despite the way she had treated my kids afterwards.. 
its not possible for her to live in this house
neither in my life
but I do care about the baby who isn't born yet
dear look, humans do make mistakes
Fabiha also did
but end this matter for the sake of your baby
Relationships thrive when you promptly resolve conflicts
for now I want to stay away from her, aunty
If you want this relationship to stay intact, please keep her with you for a few days
maybe I forget everything when I see my baby's face
but for now its not possible for me & her to stay under the same roof
Okay, is it possible for you to come today & take her to the doctor?
okay
I will fulfill my duty
I will come at night
Sanaya
won't you go to your office?
No, I took a day off
for me?
No
There is renovation happening in my office, so the boss has asked me to work from home
how is your fever now?
I am feeling better
Good!
thank you, Sanaya
I can at least do this much for you as a gesture of humanity
I have made soup for you & do not forget to take the afternoon's medicine
means you won't give me afternoon's medicine?
you are much better now that you can take the medicine yourself
its kept on your side table
you've made yourself so stone-hearted, Sanaya
do you know Arham
my mother used to say
a woman who spends her entire life on her man
she takes care of him, & loves him
a man takes its revenge at the age of 60 years
when a woman gets tired by fulfilling all her responsibilities
A woman falls in love at a young age, and a man falls in love at an old age
but you have made me an old person before time
so much of hatred, Sanaya
its not hatred, Arham
It's just a facade to keep the kids happy
Sanaya, whether anything kills me or not but I think
this loneliness will kill me
You've begun to fear loneliness after sleeping alone for just two days
Do you have any idea how many nights I have spent without you?
Even if you spend that many nights alone, you still won't be able to repent for my pain
the pain I had endured without any wound, Arham
you cannot repent for it, even if you want to
Sanaya, after shattering everything with my own hands, I don't know how to gather everything again
and if you won't support me then
its impossible!
I have tried a lot Arham, but.. 
I couldn't adjust myself
I won't be able to do it
your tea
Greetings sister, how are you?
Greetings! How are you?
I am fine, you tell me are you done with packing?
yes, by the way you sound quite fresh today. What's the matter?
You may have felt that way, but I haven't felt that way
anyways, tell me are you done with all the packing? Anaya must be very happy
Yes, ever since she found out that we are going to the UK, she has been insisting that she will take Hareem along with her
its their love to stay together, sister
absolutely correct
one falls in love when they stay together
You'll see, God willing, you'll also fall in love with Brother Arham again
No sister
I cannot fall in love with Arham again
ok tell me, when is your flight?
its an early morning flight
what! so soon?
and I couldn't come to meet you guys as of yet
its okay, you don't need to come though
we will try to visit you at night
but I should have come, sister
it doesn't make any difference, whether you come or I come. Its the same thing
Besides, Junaid was saying that we'll leave for the airport directly from there
Okay fine, as you wish
Okay, bye!
bye!
what happened? why are you guys laughing?
dad, your face is covered with the flour
really? here you go. Is it fine now?
what did you do?
I am baking cake for your mom, tomorrow is her birthday so its a surprise for her
really?
yaay... means now mom won't be upset anymore
who told you that mom & dad are upset with each other? Its nothing like that
We know mom is angry with you
she is pretending for us as if she is not upset with you
I have you both, I don't need anything else. I am happy & your mom is happy as well
give it to me
what's happening?
have you guys seen your face?
dad did this!
yes, he did it
don;t worry, I will clean everything
come on, quickly wash your face
hurry up!
Brother Junaid is moving to the UK permanently with his family
they are coming to meet me tomorrow, & I don't want anything inappropriate to happen in front of them
so it would be better for you not to come in front of him
Okay
don't pity on me, mom
whatever is happening with me is absolutely correct
I deserve this!
and I should be treated this way
The wounds life has given me can never be healed
Your wounds will heal
if not today then tomorrow
When the good days are gone, the bad days won't stay either
shall I ask you a question?
why are you feeling pity on me?
the distress I have been through, you haven't
The extent to which I have reached today, the person I have become today while enduring that distress
you were not there
you are about to become a mother
Soon you will get an answer
that what is the status of a mother
how she pines for her children
how she realizes the pain of everything
she tries her level best...
To alleviate her children's pain by any means necessary
mom, I haven't done anything wrong with anyone
Whenever anything happens, it's always time that is to blame
You might remember, I was so young
when I went outside the house to take care of its expenses
You didn't care about me at that time; you didn't show any pity for me
Dad was not there, so I had to handle the household expenses
Food, drink, sister's expenses, your expenses
I took all the responsibilities
I had become like your son
And many days, men used to look at me like vultures ready to devour me
Only I know how I gathered myself and came back home
I had never let you feel this
But while taking care of these household responsibilities, my own life got lost somewhere
nobody care about my happiness
I am also human; I too deserve happiness. My wishes should also be fulfilled
but no
A lot was going on in my life when Arham entered
What could I have done?
On one side, it was Hamza
and on the other side it was Arham
Arham saved your daughter's life
and saved her honor
and you!
you had ousted me from your house
don't you know how cruel this world is!
You didn't think of me at that time
Still, I am seen as the bad person in everyone's perspective
Arham made me his honor
He married me; I haven't done any mistake or anything illegal, Mom.
And do you remember, you asked me on the phone how Arham had ousted Sanaya from the house?
mom, I kept the expired milk in the fridge
and Arham thought that Sanaya did all this to kill my baby
I took advantage of that situation and...
started provoking Arham against Sanaya & I kept doing all this
Because time was on my side
I tried so hard to fix everything after going to that house and to make my space there, but, Mom...
nobody had accepted me
I wanted everyone's well-being
I used to think good for everyone
I didn't had any ill intentions for anyone
But... then I thought, if they don't want to accept me and think I am a bad person, then fine
let it be
Then I did everything that I felt was right
I got Sanaya ousted from the house
I made the children on my side
kept Arham with me
I used to stay in a fear that if Sanaya comes back
Then she will also kick me out of the house, just like you kicked me out of your house
I keep ending up being the bad person
and then I have accepted everything
And sometimes I feel like strangling Sanaya to death
I shall kill her & remove her from Arham's life forever
and everything shall be only mine!
I was fed-up of my life
Of those responsibilities that I never wanted to take care of, Mom
I also had a life
Arham you!
come in dear
No Fabiha, do not proceed further
what shall I say?
I don't have words
I have fallen so much in my own eyes today that...
I had shown you respect at the same doorstep, do you remember?
Do you remember when you were crying and the entire neighborhood was watching? That's when I held your hand
and you ruined my house
destroyed me
I thought you loved my kids and would take care of my mother
I also thought that you are in love with me
Arham, listen to me
don't take my name
absolutely not!
what was my fault?
Just that when you needed me the most, I fulfilled your need.
I supported you
And there is no need to say anything more to you because I am the culprit; I have destroyed my family
today my children are not mine, my wife is not mine
I am a stranger in my own house
only because of you!
just remember one thing, Fabiha
I won't let your shadow fall on this baby
I don't want this baby to know who her mother was
don't say this, please Arham
Arham
Arham, where are you going? Listen to me
mom, he is leaving me. Please stop him
Arham!
be careful dear...
Arham, listen to me. He said, he'll take away my baby from me
No... 
mom
enough Fabiha, please
be careful, don't worry if God willing everything will be fine
everything is finished, mom
how can he leave me alone? Please stop him
ok
he said, he will take away my baby from me
don't let this happen, ok?
Please stop him
One has to face the consequences of their mistakes, dear
I used to teach you the difference between right and wrong since your childhood
but you guys had never listened to your mother
now look at the consequences
Mom, how the situation and circumstances took over my patience that I couldn't understand anything
it happens like this, dear
we get so involved in the luxuries of this world
that we forget ourselves
we trade our after life
Look...
I am trying to make you understand today as well
you are about to become a mother
A mother can relate to another mother
a lot of big mistakes do happen in a life
but...
If a person bends down a little and apologizes, then everything gets better
a person doesn't become small in it
in fact he becomes very big
how will I be forgiven, mom?
you can be forgiven, dear
Look, we have faced a lot of difficulties
I agree that you have handled this house very well
You are complaining to me that I ousted you from my house
it was just a little punishment for you
and do you know, I kept calling your name in different alleys
but I couldn't find you
you are my child, dear
only I know how I had been living without you
but when I found you
Your appearance was something different
You ruined a family that can never be repaired
and hey are still in difficulties
have you ever thought
what you did with Sanaya?
do think about her
how she must have made that house
how she must have raised her kids
how she would have served her husband
You took away everything from her in a moment by entering her house
the pain you are going through today
try to realize her pain as well
you had gone to her house as her husband's second wife
and you know
what do they consider a man's second wife in this society
characterless!
vile woman!
how could you do all this, Fabiha?
mom, I couldn't understand anything
my baby...
there is a way out
apologize to Sanaya
if she forgives you
then everything will be fine & get better
Apologize to Arham and Sanaya; it won't diminish your stature, in fact, you'll be respected more
as far as your relation is concerned
leave it on God
He sees the intentions
He know everything
Okay Hareem, Hadi you don't have to annoy your mom at all. Ok?
if you guys will annoy her then your uncle & aunty will be upset. Ok?
don't take tension aunty, our mom & dad are with each other
Hadi & I are so happy
and do you know, we don't annoy mom at all
All praise to God, this is so good. These kids are so nice
Okay Sanaya, you have to take very good care of yourself
and no matter what happens you don't have to hide it from us
Look...
your brother is going away from you
though we are physically distant, but our hearts will always stay connected
understand?
no matter if there is any problem or so, just don't hide it from us
I am just a call away from you, ok?
I wont hide anything, brother
besides, a lot has happened in my life that
nothing is left to hide
Sanaya, one needs to make space in order to achieve something in life or nurture anything
Until yesterday, even your brother was not in favor of this relationship, but...
he has also changed his decision for the sake of Hadi & Hareem
You also need to give this relationship another chance by opening your heart
Sanaya look..
Somya is absolutely correct
I would like you to give one more chance to Arham, for my sake
Okay?
I know you are very brave
shall we go now? As we'll get a lot of traffic on the way
I will miss you guys a lot, do take very good care of yourself
Sure, you guys also have to visit there. Okay?
lets go
Okay dear
okay Sanaya, allow us to leave
Sanaya...
Sanaya
did you keep the expired milk in the fridge?
No
why, what happened?
you want to kill my un-born baby
Fabiha had kept the milk, if you don't believe me then call her & ask
why will she keep the milk?
then why would I keep it, Arham?
because you are jealous of Fabiha & my unborn baby
Arham, how can you even think of it?
I can think about anything
I won't let you stay in this house until that baby is born, you won't live here
so where will I go?
to your mom's house
and that too right now. Lets go!
Arham. Arham!
come...
mom
When will Dad come?
I don't know. Please go to sleep now
but I want to talk to dad right now
my dear, we'll talk to him in the morning. Its very late night now, quickly go to sleep
please mom, make me speak to him
don't insist, one should listen to their mother. Ok?
only one time
don't insist, its a bad habit. Come on go to sleep
go to sleep, just lye down. Once you'll lye down then you'll go to sleep
I am not sleepy
mom is with you, quickly go to sleep. Close your eyes
good girl!
Fabiha
dear, have your dinner. You haven't eaten anything since morning
mom, I am not hungry
and for whom I shall stay alive?
I couldn't protect your honor
neither I could keep my marriage intact
What do you mean by 'for whom will you stay alive?'
keep yourself composed, Fabiha
See, our life doesn't stop if somebody leaves or arrives
And don't be cruel to yourself or to this baby by staying hungry
come on, let me feed my child with my own hands. Ok?
eat little, my child
here, in the name of Allah
today I am realizing mom
that a mother gives so much of sacrifices for their children
Now look at yourself, you've started eating after hearing about your baby
Then think about that mother who has endured so much for her children
I made a mistake, mom
But I will rectify this mistake by any means necessary, no matter what I have to do for it
If intentions are pure, then the destination becomes easier to reach
But Arham's love has become my only desire, mom
its sister's call
take it, check what is she saying
hello, yes sister?
why Hamza is calling me?
yes Hamza?
actually, Arham sir...
what's the matter Hamza, why are you so worried?
he had an accident
what!
yes, and I am sending you the pin location. Try to come to the hospital as soon as you can
ok, I am coming in a while