You have said it today.
Don't even think again that I can live without you.
Arham
I even trust your breath that much
That they won't betray me.
How dare you?
Get out of my house.
Get out of my house, right now, right away.
Sanaya
Sanaya
Sanaya if you are not stopping for me then please stop for the sake of children.
You should have thought about it earlier.
Sanaya I am really sorry. Please.
Sorry
Just sorry
Do you know Arham
I am not angry with you at all and I don't have any grievances from you.
I was fool that everything kept happening in front of me but I couldn't realize that.
Damn
Only one thing left Arham
Leave my hand
Otherwise that will be used as well.
Arham
Arham
Say something.
What happened that Sanaya has left the home.
I am asking you.
I made a mistake.
I should have informed Sanaya
What you should have told her?
Tell me Arham.
The truth, mom.
I would handle the situation later but I should have told her the truth.
I am unable to understand what are you saying. Tell me what happened.
I couldn't realize mom.
I couldn't realize that how I fell in love with Fabeeha
What do you think?
Only woman needs time.
A man doesn't need time, isn't he a human being as well?
He needs that.
And I also needed that.
But Sanaya was busy.
Sometime in office and sometime in meetings.
And Fabeeha gave me her time.
And I couldn't realize while passing time with her.
I made that mistake.
I made that mistake mom.
I don't want to lose Sanaya.
But what should I do?
What should I do? Ever since I have come close to Fabeeha, I can't stay away from her.
On one side there is Sanaya and on the other side there is Fabeeha while I am grinding between the two parts of the grinding mill.
And I know that neither Sanaya is at fault nor Fabeeha. It's my fault.
And now I feel that I should have died before all of this but
So just leave it, you won't understand. Not you but no one will understand because I am a man.
That a man is wrong.
I am very embarrassed aunt.
Whatever Haniya did, I am apologizing for that.
And I also apologize to Fabeeha.
Actually, Haniya is very emotional and gets angry very quickly.
It's OK but even then
Haniya should take care of relations, Fabeeha is elder than her.
And she should have taken care of other person's relation before insulting her.
Fabeeha always takes care of your respect and honor.
She takes very good care of your respect and honor along with her own.
You are right and I know this thing very well.
That's why I am really embarrassed and I want to apologize to both of you.
As you know my son
Fabeeha is very sensitive about her dignity and she never did anything wrong.
Yes
Aunt, Haniya will also apologize to Fabeeha if she wants.
Yes
To keep relations in tact she should apologize to Fabeeha.
You sit here, let me see.
Fabeeha
Fabeeha listen to me.
Why have you come early today?
Fabeeha
She is angry because of that incident. She will become normal. Why are you standing? Sit.
Let me bring tea for you.
I don't know why I am having strange feeling today.
I have been feeling nervous since morning.
Have you taken medicine?
Somiya gives me medicine without any gap daily.
So why are you so depressed?
I am depressed because of Sanaya. I am worried for her.
May God keeps her blessed and happy.
Ameen
Sanaya told me that Arham will pick children during lunch break.
It's so late but he hasn't come yet.
I don't why didn't he come?
Call brother Arham and ask him.
And if he can't come then no problem we will drop them when we will go to mom's house.
OK.
He is not receiving my call.
Call Sanaya.
She isn't receiving call as well.
Oh God.
No problem we will drop them.
That would be great.
OK
Hey, Fabeeha, what happened?
How did you get injured?
Tell me.
And what is this mark on your face?
As if someone has slapped you. Fabeeha look at me.
Fabeeha, has your secret revealed in front of Sanaya?
She did this.
And didn't Arham say anything?
Did he call you?
Well, this reaction had to come.
No wife can bear that her husband starts to like any other girl.
I will take revenge for this slap from Sanaya.
But you will take revenge if you will be able to re-enter that house.
Sanaya won't allow you to enter you in her house again so it would be better for you to remove any such thought from your mind.
I know that Arham loves me.
Are you still thinking that Arham loves you?
Who didn't even call you and didn't even ask about your well being.
Forget Arham because Sanaya is not only his wife but also mother of his children.
Show me your hand.
Let's go Hareem and Hadi, don't you want to go to your house?
Mom has come to take us.
Sanaya, what happened?
What happened my dear? Why are you crying?
My child, my dear, what happened? Why are you crying?
Come here and sit.
What happened?
Sit.
Mom.
Sit.
Receive Arham's call.
No mom.
Mom, dad is calling.
Hi dad, mom is crying badly.
Mom
What happened Sanaya? Tell us something.
What happened my child?
Your daughter made a very big mistake.
Which mistake?
I made a mistake to trust other woman despite I am also a woman.
What do you mean?
Arham broke my trust brother.
And he shared my love and place with that Fabeeha
What has he done? Let me talk to him.
No brother you won't talk to him and no one will talk to anyone.
This is my decision.
And I want to make this decision myself.
Be brave my daughter.
Granny
Won't mom go back to home with us?
Don't say this my child.
Be brave my child.
Have patience and be brave.
Are you still thinking that Arham loves you?
Who didn't even call you back and didn't even ask for your well being.
Forget Arham because Sanaya is not only his wife but also mother of his children.
Fabeeha
Oh no
Fabeeha listen to me. I want to...
Wasn't that humiliation from your sister enough that you have come here as well. Get out of here.
Listen, I know that you are angry with me.
Hamza, I am not angry.
And the truth is that I don't want to live with you.
I don't want to maintain any relationship with you.
What happened and why are you saying this?
I love you and I can't live without you.
Look at me once, look how my heart is shaking.
I can't even think about going away from you. Don't hurt my feelings.
What do I do with your empty heart? Tell me.
And don't say that you love me. I hate that you love me.
We love that person who has some worth and what is your worth.
You can only feed me that's it.
I don't want to live with empty stomach. I want to spend my life in a very good manner.
I don't want to live in poverty with you. Get lost from here.
I will die without you.
OK then you should die.
But for God's sake, leave me.
Hamza tea is ready. Take it.
Hamza. Hamza
What happened to him?
Fabeeha
Leave my hand otherwise that will be used as well.
Brother. Brother.
I became a fool.
Both you and sister-in-law advised me.
But I didn't listen to anyone.
If I had listened then I would have betrayed my husband's trust.
Did I do wrong mom?
Woman can make mistakes in her innocence.
You made mistake by giving freedom to Fabeeha.
You came here and leave Arham free as well.
You should have come here by leaving Arham.
Some time we have to make some decisions against our liking just to make other person realize about our importance.
Arham has betrayed my love.
To be a loyal person a loyal person is needed.
How could I move on by forgetting everything? Tell me mom.
Woman has to give sacrifices.
And she can bear all these sacrifices.
And she spends her life according to her husband's wish.
I won't do any such thing. My children are my strength.
If Arham is free to make his decision then I am free as well.
But you are married and mother of two children.
And mother is that only person who never thinks about herself.
Your children need you.
Your children' personalities will be effected because of your conflicts.
I don't want you to go back to your home immediately.
Give yourself some time to recover.
You will understand everything with the passage of time.
Sometime time doesn't fix everything mom rather everything is finished.
I won't go anywhere.
Everything will be done as per your wish.
Let's go home and leave your stubbornness.
I am not showing stubbornness in fact you are showing that.
I won't go anywhere from here and nor my children
If anyone will go then it's you.
There is a big problem Hadiya.
Sanaya has known about Arham's friendship with Fabeeha and she has left house.
So, didn't you stop her?
How could I stop her?
Arham begged in front of her to stop her for so long.
But no, she packed her bag and went away without listening to him.
Arham has done planning for his future.
The way he has told me about his decision, I am very scared Hadiya.
And that too with a care taker.
Mom I forbade you that don't give that girl that much freedom.
But no, you said that she is a nice girl. Now see how nice she is.
And I also told you that such middle class girls have very high ambitions.
And they can cause damage to anyone just to fulfill their ambitions.
She has trapped my innocent brother.
What do you think that Fabeeha will leave him easily? Never.
She has found her dream prince.
But I didn't want Arham to marry her.
I just wanted to teach lesson to Sanaya.
If she will lose her importance then she will decide whether to continue her job or not.
I didn't know that he will want to marry her.
Mom.
What had to happen has happened. Now tell me that what should we do?
Get Fabeeha out from brother Arham's life.
Do something to get her out of there.
No.
I am unable to understand anything.
I am unable to understand that what should I do.
There is nothing to think, tell brother Arham to go to sister Sanaya's house and apologize to her. He should beg in front of her and bring her back.
Mom, a marriage is scheduled in my in-laws after few days.
I will have to respond to everyone if sister Sanaya won't attend that marriage.
Sanaya won't listen to anyone at the moment Hadiya, she won't listen to anyone.
If she would listen then I would have talked to her but she won't listen.
Mom, that will be really bad if sister Sanaya left her place at the moment.
Then Fabeeha is ready to fill her place and she will never back off.
Mom, do something and tell brother Arham to bring sister Sanaya back at any cost.
What did you say to Hamza?
The same thing which I should have said much earlier.
I have told him clearly that he shouldn't take my love's support.
Fabeeha
Do you have any idea that how upset Hamza is at the moment
Sister, right now I am only worried about my problem so I can't think about anyone else' worry.
It's OK then go and tell mom so that this matter can be closed at once.
She will know by herself.
Do you think that Hamza will forget his love that easily?
No matter whether Arham comes in my life or not but Hamza, never ever.
What will I do with your empty heart.
Tell me and don't tell me that you love me. I hate that you love me
Hamza, we love that person who has some worth and what is your worth? You can only feed me and that's it.
I don't want to spend my life with empty stomach. I want to spend my life in a very good manner.
I don't want to die with you in poverty. Get lost from here.
I will die without you.
So you should die.
But for God's sake, leave me alone.
Are you crying?
Tell me the truth, what's the matter?
Nothing.
Tell me now.
She wants to end every kind of relation with me.
What?
She has been changed.
She didn't change brother. In fact you have understood.
You were fell in one sided love.
And when you listened from her mouth today then you are not ready to believe that.
If our mother is not among us today then it's only because of Fabeeha.
Haniya, I don't believe what Fabeeha said to me.
Sister Farheen is far better than her.
I loved her so much and in every way.
What else does a girl want?
House, car, bank balance and status.
And you don't have anyone from these things except love.
And according to her, love can't feed anyone. Right?
Please don't cry now.
I want to marry you.
What will people say, have you thought about that?
I don't care.
Sister, where is Sanaya?
Sanaya
Let's go home, I am here to take you back.
The trust of mine you have broken
Do you really feel that I should go with you after that?
Sanaya this is not the right place to discuss this matter. Let's go home and discuss there.
I won't go anywhere.
We will do whatever you want.
Let's go home please. Stop this stubbornness.
I am not showing stubbornness you are showing that.
I won't go anywhere from here nor my children.
If anyone will go then it's you.
I admit Sanaya
I have made that mistake.
But don't give me such a big punishment by making my mistake a sin and don't stay away from me.
Didn't you punish me and my children?
And that too for the whole life.
You have betrayed me.
You broke my love and pride and broke my trust.
And if someone is given a punishment then there is no respite in that.
Trust me, that was not my mistake. Whatever happened was unintentional. I didn't want that to happen.
I swear.
Huh
Those who swear are liars.
And I might have believed you if I hadn't seen that with my own eyes but now I neither believe you nor on your swears.
Please don't do this, I can't live without you.
But you will have to live without me.
OK, if you won't go with me then I will use my right and will take you with me forcefully.
You have remembered your right but you didn't even think once when you were giving my right to someone else.
What was left? What was left Arham? I spent my life according to your wishes.
I did whatever you said. I kept doing everything as per your wishes. So what was left that your thoughts were changed.
I was with you in every good and bad time. I was with you all the time then what was left?
Why did you change your thoughts, I don't know.
I made that mistake.
I admit that I made that mistake.
And I understand your emotions as well and I know that it's not easy for you to trust my intentions but
I wanted to tell you.
I tried many times.
I got chances
But whenever I saw your face, I got scared of losing you so I couldn't tell you.
You may leave now. Please leave.
Sanaya I won't leave without taking you with me.
I said just leave, I won't go anywhere from here.
Sanaya
Oh man, how do you recognize me?
I recognize you from your foot step. And for recognition, the person must be a stranger.
And the person whom we love can never be forgotten.
And you are my life so how can anyone forget his life?
So, keep loving me by considering me your life.
Don't become a stranger.
Because strangers betray us.
Never
I can't even think of betraying you.
Dad
Dad you are here to take us back to home?
But I won't take you back today.
Your mom is not feeling well and if I will take you then who will take care of her.
So both you and Hareem will take care of mom.
Where is Hareem?
Hareem is in washroom.
Dad loves you so much. Right?
Here is hot milk for you mom.
Put it here. I will drink later.
Have children slept?
No mom.
You know that when they are together they don't want to sleep early.
And what about Sanaya?
Brother Arham came to take Sanaya back.
Didn't she go?
No mom.
I don't know why Sanaya is showing stubbornness?
Mom, we show stubbornness when our feelings are hurt.
If Arham wants to close this matter then Sanaya should also close this matter.
Both of them should sort out this issue together.
Mom, you should give Sanaya some time.
It's a very difficult time for her.
This is Sanaya's house and she can stay here as long as she want.
But married girls don't look good if they live in their mom's house.
Sanaya is mother of two children
She should think about her children that there will be bad effect on her children.
Yes you are right mom.
Sanaya is very lucky.
If it comes on ego then man doesn't look back.
But she isn't understanding this thing.
Have you been sitting here since morning?
Yes.
I have been going out and coming back in since morning.
Thank God.
Mom, I am worried after seeing you.
You did right Hadiya
You did right by coming here.
Mom, had you left any other option for me. Such a big event happened otherwise my flight was scheduled after two days.
And what was the need to give that much freedom to Fabeeha now did you see the consequences.
Oh my child.
We will have to change Arham's intentions somehow lest he may marry Fabeeha.
Mom, that ordinary girl want to fulfill her dreams and you have shown her the way.
How did you forget that brother is also a man and every man is alike no matter whether he is a son or husband. He is not trustworthy.
But we didn't think about it.
We thought about something else and I told you about that.
We thought about teaching lesson to Sanaya but we didn't know
This boy is such a big fool.
Now stop your brother somehow.
OK, let me talk to him.
Where is he?
He has gone to bring Sanaya back.
I am telling you that she won't get convinced that easily.
Yes, I also know that.
Sister is very stubborn and now she has gotten a chance to make brother as her puppet.
Well, our trick back fired on us.
O God help us.
Why are you worried? I am here.
I won't let that girl enter this house at all.