Sister, which date will be suitable in your opinion?
You can fix as per your convenience.
So what about 16th of this month?
What happened to grandma?
Nothing my child. She is not feeling well so doctor has advised her to take rest.
But Muskan told me that grandma's leg is broken and she has become lame.
Hareem, behave. This is not right way to talk.
Arham, she is just a child. Relax.
Just leave it brother. It's not children fault.
They will say what they listen from their elders.
And both your children spend whole day in their granny's house.
So they will talk like this.
Hamza didn't eat anything. Go and see him.
He is very concerned about you.
Console him.
How can I do that if I am not comfortable.
But you are with him.
And if you are with each other then you try to forget even the biggest of griefs.
He loves you so much and respects you as well.
Appreciate his love my child.
Do you know, he will feel so relax if your console him?
Otherwise he won't be able to sleep whole night.
Go
Got and meet him.
What do you think that I am relaxing here?
Mom is bed ridden, sister-in-law has refused to fulfill her responsibilities whereas brother
If brother had taken care of mom then she wouldn't be in this condition.
So who is left to take care of mom, it's me.
And you that how difficult it is to take care of any patient.
It's very difficult.
I thought about coming here and spend good time and relax but no
I am not destined to live peacefully.
I didn't know that I will have to hold such a big responsibility.
She is your mother Hadia.
And now it's your and Arham's duty to take care of her in this situation.
Really? So it's not my duty to serve your mother. Why do I hold that responsibility?
OK
Do whatever you want, it's useless to advise you.
OK fine, then I am coming back.
Hey, you are here. I was about to leave.
I will be concerned about you.
I am fine Hamza, no need to worry.
OK, then swear on my head.
You should believe my words more than any swear.
I will take support of swear if I will lie in front of you.
Then I will pray to God, that day may never come in our lives when you will have to swear on my head.
I am sorry that your birthday got spoiled because of me and you couldn't celebrate.
What are you talking about Fabiha, I can sacrifice thousands of birthdays like this for you.
Oh yes
I brought this flower for you.
It's not fresh but
It's fragrance is still there.
It's rose, don't think it's jasmine.
I am your lover, don't consider me lover of your friend.
Just keep smiling like this.
Don't lose this smile. Just keep it there.
Just keep it.
What are you doing?
It's my birthday's gift. Smile.
Just like that.
Let's take a picture.
Thank you.
Fabiha, I can do anything for you. I can fight against whole world, I can make you laugh whole day and can become a joker for you but I can't see fear and tears in your eyes.
I must leave now.
Bye
It's a nice dress.
It's Haris's choice.
But no one likes Haris in this house.
Today I have realized after seeing mom's longing for Hamza.
But Fabiha, Haris also loves me as much as Hamza loves you.
Why do you think like this, there is no difference between you and me.
But mom differentiates between us.
Hamza has saved her daughter's honor.
But
This can't feed you.
Money is essential to live a good life.
We can buy anything if we have money, even we can buy happiness as well.
Anyways
There is not much difference between Hamza and Haris.
Hamza isn't earning in millions that he will provide you all luxuries after marriage.
You will also have to live in a small house after marriage.
And Haris is elder son-in-law of this house.
He should get more respect than Hamza but no
Your fiance Hamza, who has an ordinary job, mom gives her more importance.
Sister why are you thinking like this?
You are getting happiness after so much difficulty so you should welcome that.
Your Nikah is scheduled for tomorrow so you should be prepared for that.
So should I celebrate alone. Tell mom that you are not her only daughter, I am also her daughter.
Just leave everything and tell me that why didn't you put henna on your hands?
Greetings mom, how are you?
Greetings, how are you my dear.
And how is your mother-in-law feeling now?
Just think that your daughter's responsibilities have been increased.
It's God's will my dear.
I couldn't even tell Arham in this tension that I have got promoted.
Mom, I will talk to you later.
Bye
Are you worried?
I am in deep trouble.
At one side there are necessities of life and on the other hand my mother.
I don't understand what should I do.
Arham
Don't worry.
This bad time will pass.
My mother may not go with this bad time.
God forbid.
What are you talking about? Nothing will happen to mom.
Sanaya, mom needs to be taken care.
One of us will have to quit job.
One will have to quit job.
Do you know, what it means?
Arham, we will have to leave this house and will have to change our children school.
And we can't afford that.
I forgot to tell you in this tension.
I got promotion and I have got an increment.
Arham
We are slowly and gradually nearing our destination.
What if we changed our path?
Please think about our children future.
So should I leave my mother?
Should I leave my mother for my children future?
No, I am not saying that.
But we can find a solution to this problem.
And we will arrange a caretaker for her.
And before that we will take care of mom during alternate days.
Everything will be fine.
Do you know any caretaker?
Yes, I will talk to a boy in my office.
I am worried about my mother.
Hi
Haven't you slept as yet?
No, how about your pain?
This pain will heal with the passage of time.
But how do I tackle this restlessness which is bothering me.
Fabiha, you had to go through this trouble in my presence.
Nothing has happened because of you Hamza. Why are you in this guilt?
There are no claims in love, there are promises and
I want to fulfill all my promises.
At least give me chance.
But why Hamza? These are my problems.
Why do you treat me as stranger?
And that is the case then I have decided.
That we will also get married after sister Farheen's marriage.
Marriage?
Yes, marriage.
Hadia
Hadia
Hadia
Yes mom.
Give me water.
I am thirsty.
Oho
Mom, is this the right time to drink water.
Wait a second
Be careful.
Oh, what are you doing mom?
Lay down.
Are you OK?
Mom, couldn't you bear that thirst for some time?
I was sleeping soundly.
I was in a deep sleep and you spoiled my sleep.
Why are you wasting your good deed Hadia?
It's a very good deed to serve your mother.
Mom, it's not about good deed, it's about taking care of others.
Who will do your work after my departure.
Your daughter-in-law is useless.
Do you need anything from me?
That's it.
Do I switch off the light?
Don't ask me to do anything again.
So this is our bedroom. The area from bedroom to TV lounge, the corridor in the center.
You called me.
Yes, please come in.
Let's discuss later.
Sure, I am going to make tea. Will you take that?
Please.
Thank you. Sit.
Hamza, once you discussed about a caretaker with me.
I need her urgently. Can you please arrange that caretaker for me?
Yes why not madam?
Actually, she is my fiance.
And she is very experienced in this field and she handles all kind of patients.
That's great, if she is your fiance then she will be trustworthy as well.
And I don't want to hire anyone through any agency.
So when will you bring her?
As per your convenience.
So, bring her at my residence.
You have my address, we will discuss remaining matters in front of Arham.
OK madam, let me call her and ask about her consent. Then I will tell you.
Sure
It's really bad, sister-in-law didn't change her attitude.
Even though I have advised brother so much last night but to no avail.
No one cares about you.
No problem my child.
No matter if anyone cares for me or not, my daughter is worried about me.
But
I will leave shortly. Who will take care of you after my departure?
Why?
You will stay here with me for a month and a half.
One and a half month, I don't want to stay here for two more days.
I asked Sameer and he has booked a flight for me. I will leave tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
Your mother is bedridden so you are leaving me in this situation?
No mom, what are you talking about.
Tell me, can I stay here after getting that much humiliation?
Daughters visit their mothers' house to get comfort.
And I am getting this comfort.
Mom, I have brought hot soup for you.
Brother I am going back tomorrow. I am concerned about mom.
She can't travel in this condition and how will she live alone at home?
Don't worry, Sanaya is arranging a caretaker.
So my mother will be taken care by maids?
Hadia there is a difference between a maid and a caretaker.
There is no difference.
They treat patients in a very bad way.
You don't know about that and by the way both of you don't stay at home whole day.
How would you know that mom has got her food and medicine or not?
Her life will be shortened to half.
Don't worry.
Sanaya has talked to a boy in her office and that girl is trustworthy and she will take care of her.
Your wife has told you so it's over.
Mom drink soup, lest your sugar level gets low.
What is dowry amount?
Sister what do you say? It's around fifty one thousand.
What is your opinion?
Five hundred thousand rupees.
Five hundred thousand rupees
What are you talking about sister? Talk about marrying your daughter.
Aunt, if you feel that dowry amount is your daughter's guarantee then you are thinking wrong.
Nikah is more important than dowry amount.
Mom, did you talk to Sanaya?
Yes, I talked to Sanaya.
So what have they decided?
I mean that aunt's condition is not good so that they can leave her alone.
Arham and Sanaya will have to think about their jobs.
If they will quit jobs then there problems will increase.
There will more problems.
So what do you mean mom?
We will also have to take care of her mother-in-law along with her children.
I didn't say anything like that.
But your words meant that mom.
What they did to us, after that we should refuse to hold responsibility of their children as well.
I can't say anything like this to Arham.
Learn to maintain relationships my child.
Mom is right.
I have decided as well that we will also get married after sister Farheen's marriage.
How do I tell Hamza that I don't want to get married now.
I don't know what will he think.
Fabiha, look at my henna.
Fabiha, what are you doing?
You were about to burn my wedding dress? What were you thinking?
It was just like that.
Listen
If you will keep busy in your thoughts then you won't be able to make decisions for your future.
Just forget what happened to you.
Are you worried because of yesterday's incident or anything else?
Has Hamza said anything to you? Is he doubting you?
No sister, there is nothing like that.
I was thinking that when you will leave then who will fight with us.
Really?
You will miss my fights, not me.
We miss those persons who go away from us.
Who is calling?
Hamza
Do you think that I should go there?
Yes, there is nothing to afraid.
In fact, I am very happy.
If you will work in that house then I will be content and you don't have to worry.
Do you know, madam is very sweet and very straight forward and trustworthy.
And I haven't met with her husband but I am sure he must be a very nice person.
They have two children and both of them go to their jobs. It's a complete family.
Will you take me there?
Actually, I am very busy in office today. Hire cab.
OK
Let me share location with you.
OK
OK bye
Hamza called you.
What did he say?
He was talking about my job.
Haris's mother called me, they will arrive at 7 PM.
Ask Hamza, when will Qazi come?
OK
Welcome.
Meet her, she is mother-in-law (to be) of Fabiha.
Oh nice.
You are looking so beautiful.
Hamza come here.
He is Hamza.
Greetings
He is my younger son-in-law (to be)
But he is like a son to me.
Oh son.
But elder son-in-law is more than son.
Why are you sitting here, you should sit there. Hamza take him there.
Yes go there.
Wow, the bride is so beautiful. Sister Farheen, you look so beautiful.
Recite some verses upon you.
Thanks
Hania, ask your brother to marry my younger sister.
If he even heard this conversation then he will ask this Qazi to arrange his Nikah.
I don't want to marry right now. Please spare me.
Hania.
I am coming. Get ready, I am coming.
Show me.
There is something lacking.
What's that?
Let me see this.
I will tell you.
We will have to protect you from evil sight.
You are looking so beautiful. You were waiting for this day. Right?
Now we will spend it very happily.
Where is your jewelry?
What is dowry amount?
Sister what do you say? It's around fifty one thousand.
What is your opinion?
Five hundred thousand rupees.
Five thousand rupees?
What are you talking about sister? Think about marrying your daughter.
Aunt, if you feel that dowry amount is your daughter's guarantee then you are thinking wrong.
Nikah has more importance than dowry amount.
He is absolutely right.
Sister, what else do you want except to marry your daughter peacefully.
If you have given that much importance to your daughter's choice then you should also give us some respite.
It's OK aunt, no problem.
Qazi sahab
Write fifty one thousand as dowry amount.
I am not in a mood to get marry now.
I have to fulfill so many responsibilities.
Don't sacrifice your happiness in fulfilling responsibilities.
And you should handover some responsibilities on Hamza's shoulders.
If you will keep fulfilling necessities then he will be used to take advantage of your job.
And as far as mom's responsibility is concerned, let Haris get job in Muscat then both of us will manage that together.
Are you getting my point?
Are you ready?
Qazi sahab is coming.
Fabiha help me.
By the grace of God, you are looking so beautiful.
I always wished that you get married as soon as possible.
But you know
I am very restless.
Mom
Mom's prayers can change fate.
And I want to change my fate.
My heart is filled with your love.
What do you think
That I am strict with you
No, I love you so much.
Whenever I have scolded you, that was for your betterment.
I pray that may God give you lots of happiness. God bless you always.
May God give you my age.
You have become bride today
You will become mother one day.
Then you will realize about my love for you.
What magic have you done to brother
That he is more concerned for his wife's job than his bedridden mother.
If you want to live happily in your house then you should take care of your in-laws' house and leave to worry about your mother's house.
Just like you are doing.
I don't need anyone's advises to settle in my in-laws' house.
I will do whatever I feel right.
I don't want my mother to become dependent on a caretaker.
You are wrong.
You don't like that you sister-in-law go to work and your brother lives peacefully.
And we live happily in this house.
So it would be better for you to go back.
And by the way, married girls look good in their house, I mean in their in-laws' house.
And listen, please switch off light.
Our electricity bill is very high.
And I have to pay that.
It's a good opportunity, Qazi is also here and both of us are convinced as well.
So what do you think? Should we make that happen?
I have shoe and curses, so what do you think, should I do that?
Groom is here and it's also a marriage function so what do you think about congratulating them?
She is absolutely right.
Please
Our Nikah is done, I pray for early receipt of visa as well.
It is said that man's fate is made because of woman's fate.
And I am sure that my fate is very good.
Just pray that no more hindrance will be there.
God willing.
Hi Miss Fabiha, how are you? I am Haroon. You have run away by taking my four hundred and fifty thousand rupees.
It's obvious that I am not your boss so there is no dedication from your side.
So how will you payback my loan. Choice is yours.
In terms of cash or....?
Poor girl got scared.
That's really bad Haroon.
What happened Fabiha? Why are you so scared? Who called you?
Tell me, why have you become a statue? Who called you?
Tell me, who called you?
Haroon called me.
Haroon, what was he saying?
He wants to get his money back. He was threatening me.
Will you ask Haris to give you that money back. He has spent all that amount.
No sister, don't worry, I won't ask brother Haris to give me money.
So what will you do then?
I am unable to understand anything.
Tell Hamza about it.
No
I want to keep Hamza away from this matter.
Fabiha listen to me, you don't have any job nor you have any treasure that you can give that to Haroon.
Being a man, Hamza would have known so many ways to sort out this issue. He is your future life partner.
I will decide how to payback Haroon's amount not Hamza.
You can't do anything alone. Why don't you understand?
Listen to me.
Hamza's craziness has scared me.
I don't know what will he do if I told him about this matter. I can't tell him.