So what should I do? Should I listen to her quietly?
Keep in mind that if any damage happened to my baby or Fabeeha
Then I won't tolerate and will forget everything.
It's not that difficult to burn in fire of love than in fire of hate.
The fire is on.
And this fire needs to be ignited more.
I might get Arham
When a woman loses her self respect then she has only got few breathes to live.
I went to Fabeeha's favorite restaurant.
I used to think that I will go with her someday.
But it was in destiny to go there and see her with someone else.
She was celebrating her birthday with Arham.
Hamza, can I give you an advice.
Take someone with you if you go there again.
So that you may not feel yourself alone.
Now don't ask me to find a girl for you.
Your bandage is done.
Thanks
I don't have any other medicine for your pain.
Do you know Farheen, maybe I came here because I feel relax after sharing my feelings with you.
Well, I am happy that I helped you somehow.
Do I bring tea for you?
No, I must leave now.
Thanks again.
Hareem, where is Hadi? Why he hasn't come yet?
Mom, he was not in room.
Hadi where were you? Were you with aunt Fabeeha?
I was in backyard.
When will your exams commence?
Tomorrow is my maths exam.
And Hareem, what about you?
I have an exam of Urdu.
Good, prepare well for that. Right?
Fabeeha, take your medicine on time. Your prescription is put in side drawer. Take medicine with milk. Right?
Arham, you don't have to worry. I will take good care of myself.
You don't have to worry from anyone.
Where are you going?
To bring milk, I have to take medicine.
I will bring that.
Finish your breakfast quickly.
It's expired milk.
Expired.
All of these are expired.
Arham
It means that I put all expired packets.
It will be fun now.
Arham
O Lord, you are very Forgiving and Merciful. You love us more than seventy mothers.
For your love's sake, please bless my Sanaya's life with happiness.
Turn the darkness of her life into light.
O Lord, accept my prayers.
Amen
Mom, why didn't you come for breakfast despite Somiya came to you.
I didn't want to eat at that time. I will eat when I will feel hungry. You don't have to worry about me.
How long will you be angry with me?
This is not anger.
This is the pain which you have given me.
I am sorry mom. Trust me, I didn't do anything for myself.
I have done that because of you.
You know that you are my whole world.
I can't live without you.
If Sanaya may have minded my words then I will apologize to her as well. But please don't be angry with me.
Junaid listen, don't treat your sister like that again.
I promise that I won't do that again.
Please forgive me and forget my mistake.
I am unable to understand that what will my daughter do?
How will she spend her entire life?
My mind is completely numb and I am unable to understand anything.
Everything will be alright. Trust me, I will fix everything.
I hope so.
O Lord, accept my prayers.
Come and have breakfast.
I am coming.
Go, I am coming.
Sister, all my desires are fulfilling very quickly and today Arham made me very happy.
Today he has put stamp on his love for me.
Tell me, what happened?
Well, he humiliated Sanaya and kicked her out of the house.
He not only kicked her out of the house but he dropped her to her mother's house.
Now let's see how long will she live there.
Oh I see.
Fabeeha, What magic did you do that you did that in few months what your mother-in-law could not do?
Just think that fate is very kind to me. What I think is happening automatically.
I put expired milk in fridge but I didn't know that milk is expired but when Arham saw that then he thought that Sanaya put that in fridge to harm our baby.
Then Arham got emotional and did what he thought better.
Without realizing that who is standing in front of him.
Otherwise Sanaya is not that weak as much I considered her.
It was not easy to compete against her.
I can't believe it that Arham can do that.
There is a last solution that she should be kicked out of Arham's life just like she has kicked out from this house.
And you will see that this will happen very soon.
It's a matter of few days that Sanaya will have to leave Arham's life and then Arham will only be mine.
Mom, I am leaving for office.
Has Hamza arrived?
No, I will go by myself.
Listen, come a bit earlier today from office. A family is bringing proposal for you in the evening.
Mom, you are doing this again. I have told you that I don't want to get married.
I am not in a mood to listen to your decision.
Just do as I said and that's it.
Now go to office, you are getting late.
I am unable to understand that why are you so concerned about my marriage.
It would be better if you pray for my death instead of marrying me.
Oh really? Is your drama over?
Now, go.
Mom, why are you forcing me.
I don't want to marry that man.
What do you mean?
You are saying that you don't want to marry that man then tell me with whom with you want to get married.
At the moment, I don't want to marry to anyone.
OK
Meet him once.
If you like him then fine but if you don't then let's see.
Go
Take this.
Sanaya
Sanaya, what happened my dear?
Arham has kicked me out of the house.
Everything is finished. Your daughter is ruined.
Sanaya. Sanaya.
Sanaya
What happened mom?
She has locked herself in the room.
Don't worry.
Sanaya
Sanaya.
Sanaya
I am worried for you. Open the door.
Sanaya open the door, we are getting worried.
Sanaya.
Sanaya, I will talk to Arham. Think about your children.
Open the door Sanaya.
Break the door.
Break the lock.
Sanaya, we are getting worried. Open the door.
I will talk to Arham. Think about your children.
Don't do anything wrong.
Isn't there any extra key?
Sanaya, can you hear us?
Just go, I won't open door.
So don't worry. You will get married where will you want.
Where I want?
Yes.
Arham
Arham
Where are you? I want to talk to you.
What's the matter? Why are you shouting?
How dare you to leave my sister on the road?
Leave me.
It's the limit Junaid. How long will Sanaya keep suffering like this because of brother Arham?
He has kicked her out of the house today and one day he will divorce her. Then what will happen to children.
I am unable to understand that how can he be that much senseless.
What would that girl be thinking about her father?
That her father left her and her mother on road like that.
It's our fault.
We gave that lowly and shameless man respect being son-in-law of this house.
And he humiliated our daughter in front of everyone.
We have given him that right.
I don't know why women is asked to keep quiet.
Woman should fight for her right because in-laws never give her any right or status of a daughter.
I don't know why men are so proud?
Her mother-in-law used to hate her when she was alive and now brother Arham is doing that.
How long will this go on?
Both children and Sanaya are depressed but that won't happen anymore.
Mom should talk to brother Arham.
Why would mom talk to him? I will talk to him.
The matter will worsen more if you will talk to him, let mom deal him.
It's enough, now we will have to make a decision and I will do that now.
No Junaid, listen to me.
Why are you showing this much anger?
Fabeeha, I am sorry. I couldn't even imagine that Sanaya will do anything like that.
And she will go to that extent.
Arham, why are you apologizing. That's not your fault.
And as far as Sanaya's jealousy is concerned then women do behave like that.
They don't differentiate between right and wrong.
And they can go to any extent just to achieve their goal.
I trusted her so much.
I always supported her and considered my mother wrong.
I thought that she will secure her future and will become independent.
So I should support her.
Fabeeha, should I have to forcefully asked her to stay at home and told her that she can't go anywhere and she should stay at home and take care of house and children.
But I didn't do that. And what did I get in reward?
A woman can't get any success neither in her in-laws house nor in any other aspect of life without her husband.
Just like a woman is behind every man's success in the same way there is always husband's support behind every woman's success.
And you always supported her.
But she doesn't acknowledge that.
When a woman starts to deny man's sacrifices then it's understood that she has set herself free from this relationship.
Hadi will also come. Don't worry Sanaya.
Mom.
What happened?
Mom, Junaid has gone to Arham's house in anger.
Has Junaid lost his mind.
Such matters can't resolve in anger. Junaid.
Mom, you know that he doesn't listen to anyone.
Hi sir.
Sanaya, are you in office?
Be ready with file for meeting.
I am sorry sir, I couldn't come because of an emergency. I am coming within an hour.
Don't worry sir, I am coming. Bye.
Junaid. Stop. Junaid listen to me. Oh God.
Mom.
Stop, listen to me.
Mom, leave him. As you know that when he is angry, he doesn't listen to anyone.
Oh God, I don't know what will he do there. 
Mom, take care of yourself.
He never listens to me.
Mom
It's useless to talk to him.
Arham.
Arham.
Where are you? I want to talk to you.
What happened? Why are you shouting?
How dare you to leave my sister on the road?
Leave me.
You are protector of her dignity because she is your wife.
Don't you care?
I do care that's why I dropped her at home otherwise I would have left her on the road.
I would have pushed her out of this house.
You forgot all sacrifices of my sister because of this ordinary woman.
Have you forgotten everything?
I do remember everything.
You keep taunting me all the time because of your sister's job.
Everyone taunts me that she manages expenses of my house.
I know because I am her brother.
Ever since she has stopped contributing in household expenses you have kicked her out of your life. You are such a lowly person.
Stop, don't say a single word.
If I am giving you respect then it doesn't mean that you will say anything you want.
Just leave.
Now you will leave my sister's life.
After today, no man will consider a woman helpless just like you have considered my sister.
Has new stock been replenished?
Farheen.
What's the matter? You look worried.
No, nothing.
Tell me, what's the matter?
It's useless to lie in front of me.
You consider me as your friend. Right?
Share with me, that may relax you.
At the moment, mom is trying to lessen her burden.
What do you mean?
She has found a proposal for me.
She wants to lessen her burden by marrying me.
That's a good thing Farheen.
Yes, it's a very good thing. Do you know, with whom she wants to marry me?
With whom?
He is father of a child.
What are you saying?
Yes.
I will go there as a governess not as a wife.
Don't worry, I will talk to aunt.
She is not listening ot me then how will she listen to you.
And by the way, why would you talk to him? That won't make any difference to you.
Why are you saying so? Why doesn't that make any difference to me?
It matters. I won't let that happen to you, I consider you as my friend.
Hamza, I have told mom that if she will try to force me then I will poison myself.
Are you mad?
I warn you if you did anything like that.
Why?
Will you feel sad if I will die?
Say something. Why are you quiet?
If I will sit like this then mom will consider me a burden.
So it would be better for me to do something.
As I said that you won't do anything like that. Understand.
I will talk to aunt.
I will stop her to marry you to that guy.
Don't worry. You will marry to a man of your choice.
To man of my choice?
Yes.
Are you sure? Don't back off later.
I know how to fulfill my promises.
Promise?
Promise.
I will talk to aunt. Don' worry.
He is not receiving my call.
Don't worry.
I forbade him.
Bring water for Junaid.
Come here.
I forbade you but you didn't listen to me and went there. What happened?
I am asking, what happened there?
I have told him about my decision.
Now Sanaya won't go to that house. It's enough.
How can you make any decision on behalf of Sanaya?
Do you think that Sanaya can make any decision in this situation?
Such decisions are not made out of emotions.
Mom, the relations and decisions which are made out of emotions have same outcome which has happened to Sanaya.
Arham has ruined this relation and I am making this decision in my complete consciousness.
But Junaid, you should ask Sanaya once.
There is no need to ask from anyone.
You just take care of Sanaya. I will take care of the rest.
All requirements needs to be fulfilled for divorce.
And you will have to fulfill that.
How dare you to leave my sister on the road?
I am her brother and I know that ever since she has stopped to contribute in household expenses, you have kicked her out of your life. You are such a lowly person.
Now you will go out of my sister's life. After today, no man will consider a woman helpless just like you have considered my sister.