Auntie said something very weird to me today.
What's that? 
She told me that I should include myself in Arhum's life.
and you've been free from my responsibility a long time ago. Go and have fun.
Mother, she's going because of an important meeting.
 What did I say? 
Everyone has their priorities. To some people family is the most important thing...
for other it's their future. 
It's all about making the right decision at the right time.
these are my most favorite earrings
Arham's father bought this for me with so much love, and I have used them many times
I won't wear them anymore
I want to give them to you
No no aunty, I cannot take it
if maam Sanaya will get to know then she will get angry for no reason
keep it, I am giving it with my own happiness
so why anyone else will interfere in this matter?
therefore, you don't need to be afraid at all
they are quite ordinary
but my dreams, my wishes... 
my desires are way too bigger than this
and only Arham will complete them
what's the matter, didn't you like them?
No no, they are really pretty. Thank you!
then wear them, & show me
see... 
Come in, dear. You haven't been here in so many days
is everything fine at your home?
yes
sit down
is your mother fine?
yes
what's the matter, Hamza?
did you & Fabiha had any argument?
this is what I want to know aunty, that what as such is the matter
oh no, maybe you are having a misunderstanding
See, you know she is such a sensitive girl
Ever since she found out about your embezzlement matter, she's been very confused
but.. 
I've explained her so much
that see, I can never believe that Hamza can do any such thing
No aunty, she is not concerned about it. If she had been worried about it, then she would have talked to me
She would have fought with me to express her anger
but she is trying to tell me something else by staying quiet & ignoring me
No no, I don't think so that there is any such matter
actually, she is over burden with work
maybe that's why
why are you worrying?
I am here
I will explain her, don't worry
Okay
you may explain her
you may talk to her
but in front of me
I also want to hear
in front of you?
yes
I know, she hasn't come back home as of yet
therefore, today I will sit here & wait for her
Hadi, don't do like this
children are brave, now look at Hareem. She is not crying
I want to go to my mom
hmm.... 
if you will go to your mom, then who will go to the school tomorrow?
how to fix Hadi's mood?
hmm... shall we play some game?
yes!
lets play the racing game
No
Hadi, please play with us. We will enjoy a lot
No, no!
okay, cricket?
hide & seek?
you haven't gone as of yet?
actually how could I leave the kids alone, also Hadi's mood was also off so
what happened to my Spiderman? Are you missing your mom?
don't worry! Lets go to the play area, we'll have food there & an ice cream too. Say what?
yaay.... 
then we'll go to drop Fabiha aunty to her house on our way back
we will enjoy a lot
it will get very late, I need to go home
the kids are insisting, its just a matter of today. Please
your aunty has agreed, lets go. Come
Hareem, if you don't like it then return it or change it
ok?
Fabiha, thank you so much
to take care of my kids with all your happiness
The kids have made me their own in such a short time
do you know, if any one of them gets upset then I feel so restless
therefore, I cannot refuse the kids
actually the kids have never been away from Sanaya, its their first time
and you?
I mean, haven't you went somewhere far?
No, no, the kids never let me go far from them
anyways, would you like to eat something else?
no no, thank you!
hurry up
will you wear this jewelry?
No, tomorrow is my teacher's birthday
oh... 
will you help me in buying the gift for her?
absolutely! Umm... 
how are these?
No
No?
they are not good
Okay.. then how is this?
oh nice! Its very beautiful, nice
I think you should buy it
me?
what happened?
don't you like it?
No, its very beautiful
then?
excuse me
hello!
how was your meeting?
The first meeting is done, it went well. Now tomorrow is our presentation
you tell me, where are you? Its quite noise, it seems as if you are somewhere outside
yes, I came out with friends
where are the kids?
the kids are at home, sleeping
Can I call you back after going home? They are calling me
Arham listen, the internet is not working here so don't send me a watsapp
Okay, bye!
dad
Hareem?
Hareem?
hello!
it cannot be Hareem, as the kids are sleeping at home
Relax Sanaya, don't take so much of stress
its just the matter of 2 days
oh!
Arham, drive carefully. See he got injured
is it hurting a lot, Hadi?
I am fine
drive carefully, even Hareem is sleeping on the back seat
By the way, the kids were very happy today because of you
thank you!
honestly speaking, I love to spend time with the kids
and they are unable to go anywhere, that's why
well, thank you so much for coming
its nothing like that
I have become used to of the kids, you don't need to thank me
let me call Sanaya
hey Fabiha
thank God you are back, we have been waiting for you since so long
where were you, you weren't receiving my call as well
where were you since so long?
I am asking you, where were you since so long?
mom, I was with the kids as they were alone
Okay
with whom you came back?
tell me!
with whom you came back?
with Sir Arham
I will look on this matter later
first of all tell me what is your issue with Hamza?
neither you receive his call, nor talk to him. What is your problem?
I don't want to talk on this matter right now, so please don't force me
we'll talk later
why later? why not now?
I need to answer Hamza
as I said, I don't want to talk about it!
Fabiha
aunty, don't be angry. Please sit down
if you allow me, then can I talk to Fabiha?
go
a moment is required to understand a person
you know me & I know you since so many years
but you couldn't understand me, Fabiha
I am stubborn
I am emotional
I can be a liar
I can be ill-mannered
but I am not a thief or unfaithful, Fabiha
don't you trust me this much?
what was the need to say anything to mom, Hamza?
what else I could do, Fabiha. I was unable to understand
neither you are talking to me, nor your are receiving my call
if I am not attending your call it doesn't mean that you shall come to my house
I do remember all your favors
but those favors doesn't mean that you shall forget your limit
I am not your wife, Hamza
neither you have any right on me
therefore, its better for you to remember your value before imposing your right on me
and what is my value?
I want to know
you can talk to me clearly today, there is no need to be afraid
Hamza, I don't want to discuss anything with you right now. So go away
We'll talk whenever I'm in the mood to talk
what if your never get into the mood then?
as I said, leave from here
Fabiha, I need an answer
Hamza, go away from here. Go!
Okay
I am leaving now as you are angry
we'll talk later
granny
granny
we are unable to sleep, can we sleep with you?
what is the problem?
every night you guys sleep easily, so why not today?
we are feeling afraid
oh my God! then go & sleep with your dad
we had gone there
but dad is not there
come here, lye down
don't make noise, no talking. Ok?
come on, you could have come from that side. dear
oh my God.. 
come on
here, take one more pillow
their mother have gone
now they are ruining our sleep
granny, do you know any story?
I don't know any story, quietly go to sleep
granny, please tell us some
oho Hareem, close your eyes. Hurry up!
come on, I am switching off the light
close your eyes, take God's name. You will fall asleep
come on, good kids
honestly speaking, I love to spend time with the kids
and they are unable to go anywhere, that's why
hi Sanaya!
hello! you were calling?
No no.. you must be missing me. Right?
I'm sorry Arham, I couldn't receive your call as I was preparing the presentation
its ok
haven't you slept as of yet?
even you haven't slept
I am missing you
I don't feel like staying here
everything is so good here
but there is something missing
maybe you
If you had been here, then all of this would have looked even better
what's the matter, why are you so quiet?
I am listening to you
Arham, distances are just namely
actually these distances makes a person more closer
ok tell me, how is the weather there
The rainfall can happen anytime here
There's a prediction of rainfall here as well
it will happen anytime
hmm... its good
you will miss me a lot while enjoying in the rain
so my value will increase a lot before coming back
hmm... 
anyways... 
I am tired
I am going to rest, you also go to sleep as you have a meeting tomorrow morning
okay, go to sleep
I love you!
good night!
love you too!
what is this happening?
what do you mean?
I mean, what is happening in your life will you tell us?
I didn't get it
don't pretend, you understand all!
tell me the truth
did you had any discussion with Hamza or not?
Tell me the truth, or I'll make you guys sit in front of each other
mom, don't know why are you so concerned about Hamza
he doesn't care about respect
He has beaten Mr. Safdar's son
Thank God I apologized to him, or else there would have been a big commotion at our house
Hamza hadn't left any chance though
Okay, so did Mr. Safdar tell the reason for it?
because he was looking at your daughter
maybe Hamza doesn't know that I am a girl & millions of men will look at me
Will he make the entire world blind for me?
he is your to-be husband
if he won't mind then who else will mind?
mom, he is my to-be husband
he hasn't become one yet
and Hamza is also the same men from this world
he is my fiance not husband
but your support has made him my husband
What rubbish you are uttering, are you in your senses?
mom, let me handle Hamza in my own way
don't give him so much of freedom by giving him so much of support
do give him as much respect as you want to, but please don't give your daughter's right to him before time
It seems as if she has breathed life into the people of this house
See how she has handled the house; it doesn't seem like Sanaya is not here
Arham, the actual thing is that
Only that person is important whose absence shatters everything
Nothing has changed due to Sanaya's absence
everyone is happy
the kids, you & me as well
Good children have their breakfast on time, okay?
hey, Hareem start eating
Okay
hurry up
Before everyone comes and says they haven't had breakfast
how come!
hey...
its my responsibility
Let me do it, as my therapist told me that I have to do the hard work myself. Leave it, Arham
Look here, we need to impress the kids too
is it fine, dear?
come on
is it looking good that your granny is coming on her own
come on, eat
hurry up
thank you!
this girl has magic in her hands
come on Hadi, quickly finish it
we have to eat quickly
Here you go, just look at this... such heavy rain. How will you go to your office in such a downpour?
yaay its raining
we won't go to school today
hey, look at him
aunty, come. Lets go & enjoy in the rain
come on...
but I will get wet
it ok, come on
go, enjoy in the rain. Its okay
let them go, take them dear
take me as well, I also want to see the rain. Come on
in the name of Allah. Its raining after so long
its a sudden rain
oh yes!
I can see you're so happy after so many days
I feel so good
its all because of Fabiha
It seems as if she has breathed life into the people of this house
See how she has handled the house; it doesn't seem like Sanaya is not here
Arham, the actual thing is that
Only that person is important whose absence shatters everything
Nothing has changed due to Sanaya's absence
everyone is happy
the kids, you & me as well
do you know what
last night, the kids were feeling scared while sleeping
then I made them sleep with me
kindly ask Fabiha to stay here tonight
so that she can sleep with the kids
mom, how will Fabiha stay? Her mother won't allow
I will seek permission from her mother, you just talk to Fabiha
look at them. Go, you also enjoy in the rain
but I have to go to the office
hey! these are the only days to enjoy with the kids. Get up!
yes Samreen, can you hear me? Is everything fine in the office?
Sanaya, where are you? I've been trying to call you since yesterday, but your number is continuously switched off
I want to discuss something important with you
I understand, but the place where I'm staying has a lot of network issues
it means, you haven't seen the picture as of yet
which picture?
yesterday I saw Arham...
Arham what?
I saw Arham with a girl
what!
are you out of your mind?
Arham... he can never do this and...
you might have some misunderstanding
Even your misunderstanding will be cleared once you see the picture. I am not having any misunderstanding
Arham, that too with some girl
I had a word with him last night, and he was out with his friends
and he cannot lie to me, out of question
leave this topic. We'll discuss it once I am back. Ok, bye!
Greetings!
Such heavy rainfall, it seems as if there is a thunderstorm
the weather is so bad, its raining heavily but Fabiha doesn't care about anything
even you came back on time, but I don't know where is she
oh mom, don't be after Fabiha. She has already decided everything about herself
you are saying as if she has told you everything
will you believe my words, even if she had told me everything?
therefore, end this argument
even I don't want to argue about anything.
 Call & ask her, where is she & at what time she will come home
Okay
whose call is it?
don't know, its coming from an unknown number
hello!
yes, is this Shaheen speaking?
I am Arham's mother speaking. Greetings! How are you?
yes, I am fine. Is everything fine as you have called me at this time
yes yes, everything is fine. Actually the children parents have gone out of city for a day
So, as you know that I cannot handle the kids all by myself
So I was thinking, if you're okay with it, Fabiha could stay here tonight
No sister, I'm sorry. See, it doesn't look good that a girl shall stay in someone else's house
we are not strangers, Fabiha is just like my own daughter
and then who else is at home? Only I am here & the kids
how shall I handle the kids? Its a bit difficult, I hope you do understand
So, if nothing else, at least allow her to stay here tonight on humanitarian grounds
as far as over time amount is concerned then Arham will send it to you once he comes back
Okay, fine
ok, thank you so much
bye!
what happened mom? Who was it?
it was Arham's mother, she was saying that Fabiha will stay there tonight
let me bring tea for you, as you came all wet in the rain
I do remember all your favors
But those favors doesn't mean that you shall forget your limit
I am not your wife, Hamza
neither you have any right on me
therefore, its better for you to remember your value before imposing your right on me
both of you shall not come out of the room, ok?
I will bring hot milk for both of you
Okay
Ok, I am coming in a while
ok
I've ruined your hair, now I will tell Fabiha aunty that you've messed them up
oh!
Fabiha
you haven't change your dress as of yet
you'll catch cold, as your clothes are wet
No, its fine. They'll dry within some time
Please, if you will get sick then it will be a very big problem for me
what do you mean, I didn't get it
If you get sick, then I will have to do all the work. Furthermore, the kids are alone
I cannot stand it that you shall work in my presence
don't worry about that
Okay
by the way, tell me something
why are you formal with me?
why do you talk to me so formally?
even you call me Arham sir, so that's why
Okay, so what were you saying?
Okay, actually...
Fabiha, I was saying if you could...
again formal?
okay 'you' informal
"Fabiha, if you could stay with the kids tonight, they will feel better since they are alone
but how can I stay?
I am not allowed to by my mother
Don't worry about that. My mother talked to your mother, and she said it's fine
really?
okay
thank you!
maybe she is busy in a meeting
lets go
Oh, it would have been really nice if you had visited while your daughter was here
Obviously, a daughter's in-laws' house is only because of her
she is sitting there in Islamabad
and you are here
Sanaya told me that she is going to Islamabad, but today I am here to meet Arham specifically
the promotion matter has become an old one
I did many calls, but we couldn't talk
that's why I am so embarrassed
its ok aunty, its enough for me that you are happy for me
I came to invite you for dinner because of this good news
Since Sanaya will come tomorrow, why don't you join us for dinner tomorrow night?
do take permission from sister Riffat as well
only Sanaya's orders are obeyed in this house, if you remember
if they don't have any problem, then obviously they have my permission too
Besides, there are no more in-laws houses where daughter-in-laws used to obey all the orders
now its their own will, they own happiness
Greetings!*
bring it in
who is she? Her introduction
she?
She is Fabiha, our dearest Fabiha
my caretaker
what are the kids doing, Fabiha?
aunty, they are playing upstairs
Oh God! You guys played a lot and enjoyed so much
Serve us the tea first, then you may go and put them to sleep
tell me more, Arham