I didn't kill you that day but if you won't stop bothering Fabiha then I will kill you.
I won't get scared from your mere threats.
You don't know about me.
You were lucky that day that you went away safely otherwise my dogs were sufficient to take care of you.
I don't want to eat. Take it away.
Don't argue, eat a bit.
I hate to see your face.
Dad. Dad.
Dad. Dad.
Hadi, get away.
Don't you see, what I am doing? Stay away.
Arham
What happened Arham? He is just a kid.
He is mine.
I will teach him what is right and what is wrong. So you stay out of it.
Children learn from their mistakes.
And I made that mistake so you should express your anger on me.
Don't force children to stay away from you out of your emotions otherwise I will be held responsible for that as well.
Come on my child. Come with me Hareem. Come brother.
How did she humiliate her husband in front of her brother?
Only this had to be seen.
Drink water.
Hadi
Hadi is my dear son. Don't cry.
Dad is a bad guy.
Don't say that.
Dad is your elder and he can scold you and he can beat you as well.
And you know uncle that my son is a superman and superman doesn't cry.
Do you know that when uncle was a kid then he also got scolded. I am right.
Yes and I also got beaten.
Do you know that uncle's dad forced uncle to pose like a cock.
So, pose like a cock.
Shh, everyone will know about that.
No uncle, now you will have to pose like a cock.
No way, you are making fun of your uncle. I won't give you ice cream now.
That won't happen, I want ice cream.
We want ice cream.
OK. OK. OK.
Your ice cream is in fridge. Go and eat that.
Be careful.
I can understand that Arham is disturbed because of aunt's condition but
It doesn't mean that he may express his frustration on children
But you shouldn't have interfered brother. You don't know that mom will make that a very big issue.
She will incite Arham.
But Sanaya, I didn't say anything wrong.
But you will be punished anyway.
I will never sell my jewelry for Haris at any cost.
Farheen
What are you doing Farheen?
Nothing. I came here to pick my charger.
OK
Let me bring tea for you.
She is crazy. She puts her charger everywhere.
But charger is here.
Hi
Sister
What happened?
Nothing.
Are you OK?
You don't have any fever then why is your face so pale?
Nothing Fabiha.
I have only got today's day. Then I will sell all of these and give all money to Haris.
Haris
Haris
I am in washroom.
Come out quickly.
This boy has bothered me so much.
What happened?
We have to pay seven month rent.
Do you know about anything or it's my duty to remind you.
Land lord called me.
He was threatening me that he won't let us leave this house until we will pay outstanding rent.
Who has told him that we are leaving?
I don't know that who has informed him.
But I informed each and every person of this neighborhood that me and my son are going to Muscat for ever.
Wow mom wow. Only this was left to be done by you.
Do you have any idea that how much amount that will be? How can I arrange that much amount?
You always entangle me like this.
When will I get free from this problem?
HI my love.
Hi Haris.
I want to meet you.
Right now?
We can't meet now, I have to pack my stuff.
You are worried about your packing but you don't care about me.
I would never ask you to meet if it was not urgent.
Farheen, I can't meet you now. It's impossible to meet today.
Can't you spare half an hour for me?
OK, OK, why are you getting emotional?
If you would care for my emotions then that would be great.
OK fine, get ready. I will come in the evening. OK?
OK
Where do I hide it?
Fabiha
Fabiha
Where are you?
Have you said anything to sister?
No.
But why is she so upset?
She said that she has forgotten that where has she put her charger but charger is there.
I don't know what's wrong with her.
Anyways, just leave that. I have a good news for you.
Which good news?
Sister Naseem called me.
She wants to fix your marriage date with Hamza.
Fabiha. What happened?
You didn't listen to me. Are you listening?
Mom, it's not about my happiness it's about my will. And I don't want to get married now.
If you don't want to get married now but you will have to get married one day. After all you will get married.
Mom, marriage is a very big responsibility. I have to take care of you and sister is still unmarried.
I can't get married now. Please refuse her.
What? I should refuse her?
It's not a small invitation that I refuse her. It's a major thing.
Sister, are you going somewhere?
I am going out with Haris.
Sister, tell me one thing.
When will brother Haris make arrangements for you to go to Muscat?
Why?
What happened? Why are you asking this?
Tell me, when will he make those arrangements?
It can take five to six months but I don't understand that why are you asking this question?
My marriage is impossible until you get married.
And I have to tell this to Hamza.
I think you don't want to get married to Hamza.
I am afraid that your intentions are not good.
There is no such thing. I don't want to get married now.
I won't get old by sitting at my mother's home.
If you want to get old then stay here.
I am getting late, I must leave now.
I don't know what would that innocent child feel because of Arham's treatment.
You did absolutely right by warning Arham.
But Sanaya feels that I shouldn't have said anything to Arham.
They are his children and he can do anything with them, we don't have any right.
Yes, we only have the right to take care and bring up their children.
All other rights belong to them.
I am really very concerned for Sanaya now.
Somiya is right. How long will she get suffered like this on minor things.
Until Sanaya is quiet, we should also remain silent.
She is trying to settle in her life so let her do that. At least we can support her if we can't do anything else.
Ask me that what do I feel?
I can't even ask her to come here for few days.
I can only listen her voice on phone.
It would be better for Sanaya to stay away from this house.
And we should also refuse to take care of her children.
If they feel something bad then they will again accuse us.
We are already defamed so there is no need to increase that defame.
What are you talking about Somiya.
Don't worry, I will take you there to meet Sanaya.
Take me there my son.
Anaya, come on, you have to go to school. So you should sleep now.
Mom please give me some more time.
Don't argue. Come on good girl.
Dad, please tell mom to give me some more time.
Let her watch TV for few more minutes. Now no one will disturb my daughter. That's it.
Let's go. You have to go to school in the morning. Don't spoil my daughter's routine like your sister. Come on good girl.
Mom please.
My daughter is a good girl.
I am thankful Farheen, you have resolved all my problems.
Haris I am also very happy that the jewelry is sold for two hundred thousand rupees.
So the problem of my visa and ticket is resolved now.
But Haris.
Don't do anything wrong now.
Don't spend this money somewhere else and I become a thief.
This money is only for my ticket and visa.
Rather, we should apply for my visa tomorrow.
What happened Haris.
Why are you quiet?
How can we apply tomorrow?
My flight is scheduled tomorrow.
Yes but your flight is scheduled at 3 PM.
Visa office will open at 9 AM and we will return till 1 PM.
Don't you trust your husband a little bit.
I can pass my whole life with this trust. Should I do that?
Haste makes wastes. So why do you want to do that?
You have waited for a long time so just wait for few more months.
And don't have to worry at all. Just let me enter Muscat once.
You will be there in the next available flight.
And then there will be no shortage in money nor in my love.
Listen Haris, I love you so much.
I was living my life with a belief that you are with me.
But I won't have that belief from tomorrow onward.
Oh, mom is calling me.
Hi, I am coming in ten minutes. Yes, I am coming.
OK
What happened?
We have to go immediately.
At least tell me what happened?
I have to do an urgent work.
So you knew now.
How does a mother feel when her children are treated harshly?
So think what does that mother feel whose son is snatched by someone.
What are you doing?
Let me do this.
Arham, let me do this.
I will do that.
Arham
Arham
Arham, I am telling you that I will do that
You just humiliate me in front of your brother.
By the way, your husband is not capable to do anything.
I am under your favors so you can treat me just like that.
What are you talking about?
I didn't say anything about you in front of my brother.
But you pretended like that.
That your husband is not capable to do anything.
You earn and manage household expenses and everything else.
Arham please
Don't make my words my sin.
Otherwise it will make us to live together very difficult.
Sanaya, for my honor only this tag is sufficient that I am husband of "Madam Sanaya".
So let that in tact.
Here is your ten months' rent, one hundred fifty thousand rupees.
I gave you respite because of estate agent otherwise I would expel you after first month.
By the way, have you got some treasure?
You have got Muscat visa and you also paid house rent.
What's the matter? Whom are you cheating?
You have received your rent.
We will leave this house tomorrow. So you can go now.
OK, I am going.
Tell me one thing. Which treasure have you found?
Mom, just leave it. Just pray that there may be no other problem.
Otherwise we will starve after we reach there.
We were lucky. So be thankful to God.
That's right but at least tell me from where did you get so much money.
Actually, my crazy wife sold out her mother's jewelry.
What?
And I am sure that she must have given you this amount for her visa and ticket which you have....
Hey Fabiha, look at the stove.
What are you thinking?
Nothing. Do you need anything.
I am your mother.
You can lie in front of everyone but not in front of me.
Mom you are getting worried for no reason. There is no such thing.
Did you talk to Hamza.
No.
So why are you refusing to get married?
Tell me the truth.
Mom this is happening too soon and I have to do so many things for you and for myself.
What does Hamza say?
I haven't talked to him about this matter yet.
But I will tackle him but you should understand and don't force me.
What happened? Why is so much silence? Has anyone passed away?
Don't say anything.
You didn't bother to tell me before going with him.
Oh really?
And what about your dear daughter, who roams everywhere with Hamza?
You trust Hamza so much but you have no trust on my husband.
Wow, wow wow
I am telling you that I am here for just a few more months. Once I will leave this house then I will never show my face again. I swear.
That would be nice.
I have listened your words.
I talked to Fabiha's mother.
She wants some time for marriage.
Hi.
You are avoiding my calls.
I am happy to know that you know me this much.
I thought that you will call me immediately after my response.
But this is first time that Hamza didn't call me.
Because I didn't have the courage to hear the refusal from you.
I didn't refuse Hamza.
I need some time.
I want to give you time and love Fabiha.
With complete rights.
Try to understand Hamza. Who will understand except you.
And when will you understand me Fabiha.
I am afraid of losing you.
I will be free from this scare if you will live with me.
But then it will be very difficult for a daughter to fulfill her responsibilities about her mother.
I am not only thinking about myself Hamza.
I have to take care of two more persons and you know about that.
It is impossible until sister get married.
OK then, I won't insist until Farheen's marriage.
But once she will go to Muscat then I won't listen a single word from you.
And as far as the responsibility of aunt is concerned, just leave that on me.
Tell me that didn't Haroon bother you again?
No
I have planned to handle this matter.
You don't have to worry, he won't bother you again.
Hi
Yes
This bank representative. You have been called to inform you that this month you will have to pay yearly payment along with this month's payment
OK
Tell me, how much is that amount?
Sir, it's five hundred fifty thousand.
OK.
I will pay this amount as soon as possible.
And the last date is 30th December.
OK
Sanaya, we have to pay balloon payment of house and children yearly fee as well.
So now you knew.
How does a mother feel when someone treats her child harshly.
So think, what would that mother feel whose son is snatched by someone else.
Mom, you have limited your thinking that I have snatched Arham from you.
There is nothing like this at all. I can't even do that if I may like to do that.
If you don't believe me then at least you should have believed your upbringing.
If a man becomes blind in love then he can't see anything and I don't know what magic have you done to my son.
Mom
Mom, I am not that bad.
The way you are thinking about me.
I don't even want to see your face.
But I don't know why do you come in front of me to tease me.
You are doing very wrong mom. Very wrong.
It's not less than a sin to accuse someone else for no reason.
Just go.
It would be better to repent in front of God for your sins before you may get punishment.
You have snatched son from a mother.
You can be held accountable for that anytime.
And you will have to give justification for your sins.
Mom, say whatever you want to say but please don't forget to eat that porridge.
Who is there?
Fabiha
Fabiha, maybe Hamza is at the gate.
I don't know where she is. Let me open the gate.
Where are you going early morning?
I have an interview today.
Didn't you get that job, which was recommended by Hamza?
Actually
I have decided to find an office job.
After spending so much money in doing caretaker course now you will work in office?
Just leave it and tell me what is the time of brother Haris' flight?
At 3 PM.
Listen Fabiha, go by bus today.
I will go to airport with Hamza. As you know that it is very important for me to go there.
Hamza will agree if you will ask him. I don't know whether he will agree if I will ask him.
I will ask Hamza to take you there.
OK, I will be ready.
Good bye.
Mom, I am going for the interview.
Hi
Fabiha you are still standing here.
Hi
Listen, we are a gentle family and everyone respects us in this neighborhood.
So don't spoil our honor.
You are very sensible. Kindly teach some sensibility to your daughter as well.
I am like your mother and this..
This? This is for my safety. I haven't brought it to scare you. Just think
The girl who has men behind her then it is difficult to fight against her.
My daughter is not like those girls.
And I am not like those as well.
I am sorry. Everyone will seem as he is.
Listen, stop bothering us. I will return all your amount.
But I am not here to take my money back.
I am here to make a deal.
Deal?
Your daughter has made a fraud of four hundred fifty thousand rupees.
So the deal will be done for your daughters.
So make your decision.
Younger one
Or the elder one.
I have no connection with this matter.
You are so mean.
Your sister sacrificed for you and you saved yourself very easily.
This is wrong. This is very bad.
Now she is in trouble then you will have to give sacrifice for her.
What rubbish?
I am saying what you are listening.
Listen, give us one month's time, I will return your whole amount.
If you will keep harassing us like this then we will be forced to take legal help.
You want to take legal help.
For that there should be a proper case. Let's go with me.
Stop.
If anyone move forward then..
Go back. Go back.
Don't get scared. I forbade you that don't get scared.