You were their grandmother, you could have stopped them.
I'm embarrassed.
I'm the one who is embarrassed in front of the kids. I didn't expect this from you at all.
Thank you so much for reminding me my responsibilities.
You couldn't keep the children with you for four days, you have humiliated me.
I asked for money, that doesn't mean that is an excuse to break off the relationship.
Lower your voice...
These kids are the ones that they ousted!
These are the kids who came alone from there.
Hamza used a rickshaw?
Go and feed mother. She hasn't eaten anything since morning, she hasn't taken her medicine as well.
What, why?
You're acting as though you don't know.
She already hated me...
but now she's saying that it would be better for her to eat poison than eat food that I cooked.
But she loves you... so go.
Sister, you've hurt her heart, it will take her some time to get better.
She's the one who has set time for me. She has given me a month to leave.
I think she will shove me out of here.
It's not like that. You are the honor of this house and mother respects you.
One should live respectfully, for people who don't no one even attends their funeral.
No Fabiha, if one endures injustice, then that does have an effect.
That's why there are people like you and Hamza.
Who earn and agree to everything. Like me, people who stand up for themselves become the bad guy.
Sister, the day you realize your mistake...
you will understand everything..
The day time forces you to think, that day you will understand the injustice done to me.
Go away now, she's hungry, feed her.
Greetings*
Hamza... where is your bike?
What? I didn't tell her anything.
Why are you looking at her? I saw you getting off that rickshaw...
Tell me where the bike is...
I've kept it under possession.
Under possession?
You bought a bike just two months ago and now you've kept it under possession?
What need was there?
I'll take it back in a few months, for now, I needed a loan.
That's what I'm asking. What was the loan for?
Mother, why are you being stubborn? There was a reason for it.
Then there must be a name for that reason. Why aren't you telling me it's name?
Fabiha needed money.
For how much did you keep the bike under possession for?
Sixty thousand.
Why did she need so much money?
Right now, I can't tell you anything. I will tell you when the time is right.
I'm very tired, I'm going to my room.
Mother...
I've brought you dinner.
How was your first day?
It was great, but if you keep being like this, I'll have to stop working.
Sister told me that you didn't eat all day and you didn't take your medicine as well
Tell her to not do my errands. I'm not so forced that I can't do them on my own.
She's your daughter... I admit that she made a mistake, but it wasn't a sin.
Are you here as a lawyer.
No, I'm here to straighten things out between you two.
Tell me honestly, don't you love her?
Don't you are about her? About her heart, about her future...
That's what's killing me.
Seeing her going mad over Haris...
make me restless.
That's why I hate love, it renders a person useless.
Mother, it's not a bad thing to love. One should just know how to recognize between right and wrong.
When emotions grow strong on a person, then one loses sight of right and wrong.
And that is exactly what sister's condition is, and we should understand that.
Otherwise we will distance her from us... because she can't see love hidden behind this behavior of yours.
Wow... my dear has become very smart.
Hamza has sold his bike to return Haroon's money.
What?
I don't know if I'll ever be able to repay him for it.
This is not a favor he's done to you, rather it is the love he has for you.
Who is it? Hamza?
Hello...
I thought that you wouldn't pick up.
I called to remind you that...
tomorrow will be two days..
I'm sure Hamza has arranged for the money.
We remembered it.
You have till tomorrow..
Remember the punishment for not returning the money.
This time Hamza will be my mark.
You know what they say...
A lover's funeral is filled with dust and ashes!
Farewell.
It is a lover's funeral...
it will be filled with dust and ashes.
I refused to not leave your children with someone
And look how you were humiliated in front of your in-laws.
When a son starts thinking his mother as his enemy.....
then nothing can be done.
It is said that a daughter's guarantee of love...
is in the respect of one's son-in-law.
But I'm sure her family doesn't know.
It seems that your mother-in-law is your true enemy.
And I want you to swear to me that until...
you get your due respect back...
you won't return to your in-laws.
Understand?
What are you saying mother?
What did I say that was so wrong?
It was your job to have your husband respected, but you can't get time of your job.
Listen to me... in that house...
it wasn't only Arhum's children that were humiliated, but my grandchildren were humiliated as well.
Thank God that Fabiha was present at home, otherwise who would have looked after these poor souls.
The way they returned home starving...
You should be thankful to her.
Even though she was a stranger she looked after your kids, otherwise nowadays no one has the heart to do it.
Not their grandmother, and she has proven that.
Mother is right.
Last time I forgave Hadia's mistake, but not this time.
This is a matter about my kids.
I can tolerate everything, but not this.
Your family will have to apologize.
Let's go kids, we're running late for school.
Come on, let's go.
I'll see...
whether a daughter is loyal to her mother, or a wife is loyal to her husband.
Junaid, come and have breakfast.
Hey... Junaid...
Here is your juice...
Not now...
You will wear this color today.
What difference does it make?
I find not difference in clothes and a covering cloth one dress a dead body in.
All I can do is stay within these four walls.
Why do you say such depressive things?
You have a grand children... good kids... you have a car... and a home, what else do you need?
Not many people have your luck. You have a daughter-in-law that cares for you...
Otherwise you can't even imagine the things I've seen.
She cares for me?
The state you see me in is because of her.
She's the one who's done this to me...  don't go after her face... she's not that innocent.
She doesn't seem like that to me...
I thought that before... but she showed me her true colors gradually.
She only cares about herself and her job.
Her job!
But auntie, to live a life in modern times, a job is necessary, isn't it?
And think how much your son gains from her.
I brought a daughter-in-law to live in this house...
to take care of me.
That she would drink tea with me in the evening.
But it didn't turn out that way.
Such a minor complaint?
I'll take this complaint away for your right away! I'll have tea with you every evening now.
That too with green cardamom. I'll make one for you and one for me.
Now I know that tea is just an excuse...
You need a friend that you can talk to.
From now on I'm your friend... whatever you want to talk about...
you can to me about it.
But for that you'll need your energy and for that you need to have juice.
Which I've brought for you and you will drink it as well.
Here you are...
Mother...
Let's go and eat something. You haven't eaten anything since morning.
I'm not hungry, I'll eat it when I am...
Why are you so concerned about me?
Mother, I've always been concerned for you.
And that's a great favor you've done me.
I've done you some favors as well. I treated you like my daughter...
I took care of your happiness more than I did mine...
Mother... then why now you are acting like a mother-in-law with me now?
I made no mistakes... I just tried to make brother Arhum and Shenaya realize...
Why do you think I've committed a sin?
I do not want to talk about this topic?
Go to your room.
People are right when they say that no matter how hard one tries...
a daughter-in-law can never truly become a daughter.
I've sent them all the account details. That file has everything that was causing us a problem, so everything is sorted.
Tell me, is the client coming for the meeting tomorrow?
Yes sir, everything is on time.
The meeting is fixed, I'll be there on time.
Be there on time tomorrow.
Thanks sir.
Thank you.
Why did you do bring it for me?
I was taking it for auntie, I saw you came back from work so I brought one for you.
Besides... it was a good deed, I don't think of it like a favor.
Okay...
Miss...
Fabiha...
Fabiha, thanks for yesterday.
For what?
It was very kind of you for taking care of the kids, even though no one asked you to.
It's okay... I understand that taking care of kids is not part of my job description...
but if you want I can take care of the kids alongside your mother. I don't mind.
And we've already talked about the salary.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
I will not go... do you hear?
I will not go to his home!
You will go Sonia!
Will you force me?
I will if I have to!
It would be better if you listen to me.
What if I don't?
This relationship is hanging over three words now. If my sister can't stay married, then so can't you.
Haris... it's been twenty days since you left...
and you didn't call me once... and you're not picking up when I'm calling you.
Haris... I know that you are hearing my messages and that you're getting my calls as well.
You can hear my messages, but not talk to me?
Do you have any idea how worried I am? I'm telling you right now...
If you don't pick up my calls now...
Maybe you're forgetting that Fabiha is off to work.
I came here for you.
Haris didn't call, right?
The look on your face says it all.
I think you haven't contacted Haris in twenty days.
I'm sure you must be happy seeing me helpless like this.
That's what I wanted to save you from.
But you don't listen to me.
Mother, maybe you are forgetting that Haris is still my husband...
I'm sure he's busy setting his new home. And with his new job, I'm sure he has a million other problems.
I'm sure he'll call me as soon as he finds time.
I'm believe in Haris and his love.
It's just you don't believe in your mother's love, right?
I never got my mother's love.
If she did love me, then I wouldn't be so blindly in love with Haris.
Show me the final designs I gave you. I think we might need to change a few things...
I'll tell you and you can look after it, okay?
Shenaya...
Our new product has some problems in design and I think we need to change it.
I've mailed the new drawings to you all, please check it out...
And... I want those drawings back in thirty minutes... 
Please...
Shenaya...
I only came here to tell my sister how ashamed I am.
After what Sonia did I cannot even look you and Arhum in the eye.
Not at all brother...
There is no need for you to be ashamed because of what sister Sonia did.
It is true that I didn't alongside Arhum I also didn't like what sister did.
It is also true that kids aren't sister Sonia's responsibility.
But, I'm just sad...
that she shouldn't have done this with the kids.
That would have had such a bad affect on the kids.
Arhum is right to be angry...
Brother... Arhum's anger...
can only end on one condition.
Sure... what is it?
Brother...
This time... alongside sister Sonia...
you will have to apologize to Arhum as well.
And...
I support Arhum...
on his decision.
I'll bring coffee for you.
It's great that this happened. It was like sister Sonia slapped sister-in-law in the face.
I'm enjoying hearing about it.
She used to be proud of her family... but it all came raining down on her.
Indeed! She made us to look like monsters in front of her family.
But now her family is defamed in front of my son.
The iron is hot and ready to strike.
We won't get another chance if things settle down.
Indeed... and I've told Arhum...
not to go to his in-laws until and unless they respect him. And he knows how to get that done.
He's my son.
Did sister Shenaya not say anything against it?
Yes... she's very angry about it.
She's worried that her husband won't trust her again.
If only I was there to see it.
So what... you can come here now. It's not like Dubai is far away.
This time bring Sameer with you, understand?
Forgive me... last time I came I was humiliated, I don't want the same to happen to my husband.
Those days are over when Arhum was Shenaya's strength, right now he's weak.
And what can a weak man do? Right now is the time to make him dance on his fingertips.
You're right.
I will talk to him.
Of course!
I will be waiting for your answer. 
What are you doing?
Nothing, just making tea.
Let me make it.
It's okay, I'll make it.
I don't have a problem. I have to make daliya for your mother, so I'll make tea for you as well.
Alright sure
How many cups were you making?
One cup, do you want one?
I don't drink tea.
Why are you smiling?
I had a feeling that you drink six cups of tea at a time.
I've never made tea, Shenaya always made it.
I came early from work so I decided to make tea.
Anyways... bring the tea to my mother's room. Thank you.
Greetings mother.
Greetings to you too. Why are you home early today?
Yes...
I went to Shenaya's office to meet her.
Really... what did you two talk about? I think Arhum is very angry at Shenaya, I've been calling her since morning...
but she isn't picking up.
She won't...
What do you mean?
Arhum has given her the option to choose between her brother or her husband.
What? How can I be that I don't visit my daughter and she doesn't visit me.
I understand that.
That's why I've decided that Sonia and I will visit Arhum in the evening to apologize.
Wait a minute. How could you even think I would go there to apologize.
You will have to because this time it is your fault.
Mother...
Junaid is right. We cannot ignore your mistake.
I will not go there. Did you hear?
I will not go to her home...
You will Sonia!
Will you force me?
I will if I have to, it would be wise if you listen.
What if I don't.
Our relationship is maintained on three words...
If my sister loses her home, so will you.
Wow... by God's good grace...
How come you miss your mother today.
I miss you all the time... I just lose track of time.
Do you remember that before getting married, before going to work... and after returning from work...
you used to always come to me.
After your marriage, you seemed to have lost track of time.
There is no set time to meet one's mother. I can see you whenever I want.
I've made your daliya how you wanted me to.
Here is your tea
Pass it to me.
My scarf.
Sure
Yes... thank you. Bless you.
Your insulin first.
Yes of course...
You have a very soft set of hands.
He dropped it on his hand... it will blister...
What did you do my dear....
Hurry up!
Hamza, where are you going?
I have an important errand to run.
What is it that you're taking an off from work to do it?
What's the matter mother? You've never asked me so many questions before.
You've never hidden anything from your mother before this as well.
Trust me mother...
Let me check...
Hamza... I feel worried.
Why does it seem to me that you...
have done something and you're hiding it... swear on my life...
Is everything okay?
What's the matter mother, what are you saying?
Hamza...
Mother...
Are you okay?
Yes I am...
Why are you coming in? Brother!
Hamza...
What are you doing here?
What is the matter?
You'll know that once we take you to the station.
Wait.... listen to me...
Come with us...
Where are you taking him?
Wait a minute... what's going on?
You've done something big..
You've stolen... you stole Mr. Haroon's money. You're a thief...
No... Hamza is not a thief... do not take him..
Whatever you want to say you can say at the station.
Hamza... Hamza... Hamza...
Don't worry...
Call Fabiha...
My dear...
Thank you.
Hello.
What? Hania... hello
Hello.
Lord have mercy...
Hello... Hania is everything alright.
Sister Fabiha...
The police has taken away brother.
What?
Why?
Someone named Haroon filed a complaint...
Let me talk to her. Fabiha... the police has taken Hamza...
My dear do something... Hamza didn't do anything...
He's innocent... call him... they were mentioning someone named Haroon.
Hello.
Hania.. hello..
Fabiha...
Is everything okay?
I'm sorry... there's an emergency...
Tell me about it.
Mr. Haroon please let Hamza go, it's not his fault.
Do one thing... go to the station and help your friend. Do not call me.
You will gain nothing by calling me. Take care. Farewell.
Hey... what's the matter?
Tell me where you have to go, I'll drop you off.
No... don't waste your time with me... I'll go myself.
I have no problem. Where do we have to go?
Police station...
What?
You will not go to the police station alone.
Women who have no fathers or brother, have to be act like men.
The police have arrested Hamza, I cannot leave him alone.
Alright... I will not let you go there alone.
My friend's father is in the police, maybe we can find a solution.
Relax... which police station?