I don't want to be weighed down all my life. I want to live a good life.
I don't want to suffocate to death, be gone.
I will die without you.
Then die, but please let me be.
It wasn't my mistake, whatever that happened was unintentional. I didn't want this.
I swear on your life.
People who swear are liars.
And I might have believed your lie, if I hadn't seen it myself.
But now, I don't trust or your words.
Try to understand...
I cannot live without you...
You will have to Arhum!
You called me mother?
Sit down.
What did Fabiha talk about?
Do you know anything about what happened?
Nothing special... she was saying that she wasn't feeling well.
But, she has said something to Hamza. He left without having tea.
I tried stopping, but he didn't listen.
What must she have said?
I don't know anything about that, but..
whatever she said, Hamza didn't like it.
Mother...
What if Fabiha...
ended the relationship with Hamza?
Why don't you ask her yourself?
Where's Fabiha?
She's sleeping right now. She was tired.
Alright, I'll talk to her in the morning.
Sure.
Hadia, when you did you get here?
An hour ago. When I arrived mother was alone at home.
You weren't here, neither your wife. Where is everyone?
I dropped Shenaya at her mother's house.
Did you drop her, or did she leave?
No.
Mother has told me everything, no need to lie to me.
Brother, I thought that you loved sister-in-law so much...
that you would never think of cheating on her. But you have rendered me and mother wordless.
You have proved us wrong.
For once you didn't thing what my in-laws and our extended family would think about this once they find out.
How do you think that she is worthy of being the daughter-in-law of our family?
She's not even worthy of sitting with us.
How could you let her fool you like this?
Can't you see... can't you understand that she's using you.
She's using you to fulfill her dream and desires. I don't know how you allowed yourself to be manipulated by her.
Hania, I wasn't manipulated by anyone.
I wasn't manipulated.
Seeing your impatience and desire, I never thought that you would give up this easy.
I haven't given up.
Then what is the reason for your silence?
If I was in your place, I would have accounted for every word that was said to me.
Fabiha look, Arhum expressed his love to you.
That is not a small thing.
And if he's abandoning this love because of his wife...
then that means he is defaming your character.
I told you...
men are meant to be disloyal.
He wasn't loyal to his wife, then how could he be loyal to you?
But...
You don't have any respect left..
neither a job, nor Arhum.
You left Hamza a long time ago.
Mother provide me with your medicine slip, I'll buy it on my way home.
Shenaya... Somia told me that Arhum was here to take you away yesterday.
Yes... hurry up and finish your breakfast.
Greetings*
Good morning princess.
You made a very bad decision.
You should have gone with him.
Mother...
One shouldn't make one's husband work so hard..
If he had forgotten everything to take you back, then you should have gone there.
You should have forgiven him. If not for yourself, then for the kids.
What effect will this have on the kids?
It's not about being harsh... it's about trust.
A relationship between husband and wife is made on trust. If trust isn't there then there's nothing left.
Shenaya, if a man acknowledges his mistake, then would shouldn't drag it further.
If Arhum came for you, then you should have gone with him.
What Shenaya did was absolutely right...
What hasn't Shenaya done for him? She took care of his home, dropped her kids with you and pursued her career.
She has a right for the loyalty she showed.
He was loyal that's why he came, if it were another man he wouldn't have.
Brother please don't argue with each other because of me.
You've always had a problem with Arhum.
I'm not supporting Shenaya because I have a problem with Arhum.
Rather, I am supporting her because I know how a man's cheating affects a woman.
Finish up your breakfast my dear. Finish your juice. Good girl.
Mother... your breakfast.
Did Fabiha leave early today?
No... she's sleeping inside.
She's sleeping?
Fabiha...
Fabiha! Fabiha get up!
Fabiha... why don't you tell mother the truth?
Mother... your daughter has lost her job.
Why?
You should ask her that.
Come outside... tell me why you lost your job.
So what if it has ended. I can't provide you a reason for everything.
That's great then... we'll prepare for you wedding now.
I'll ask Hamza to finalize the date.
Why do you guys keep mentioning my marriage?
Who told you that I want to marry Hamza?
What kind of tone are you speaking to me in?
Have you no shame talking to me like that?
Listen to me with open ears... I've explained it to Hamza, and you guys should understand it as well.
I will not marry Hamza... I don't want to be associated with him.
I need a palace to breathe in... no a hut to suffocate in.
What did she just say?
Mother have your breakfast... Hamza is here...
I'm going to work.
What breakfast?
My life has been ruined.
Farewell*
I told you...
All men are disloyal.
He wasn't loyal to his wife, then why would he have been loyal to you?
Arhum left without having breakfast?
Yes.
Did he say anything? Did you guys talk again after yesterday?
I talked to him.
He realizes his mistake, so don't worry. He won't do anything.
Alright.
How did you find out? Did he say something in the morning?
Brother said nothing, but I said a lot of bad things about Fabiha.
And brother listened silently, like it made no difference to him
But yes... sister-in-law leaving has made a difference on him. And the shame on his face was a testament to that.
That's why I'm sure he won't do anything, don't worry.
My worries will end...
when Shenaya come back home.
She will come back, don't worry.
Just take care of your health.
I've not been well since last night.
You didn't tell me...
I feel dizzy.
I don't know what to do.
Did you take your insulin?
I don't know the difference between day and night. I don't know whether I've taken it or not.
Mother wait... I'll be right back.
Granny please don't cry.
I won't cry... I'm worried because of your uncle.
I want to meet Arhum.
What's your name?
Aiman...
Okay.
Sir, there is someone named Aiman who wants to meet you.
Take a left, it's the first room on the right.
Come in.
What are you doing here?
Shouldn't I have come?
This is not the place, we'll talk later.
Whatever we'll talk about we'll talk about right now.
This is my office.
What were you thinking when you said it? Am I toy that you can wind up and express your love to whenever you want?
Am I a joke to you? Am I someone who you look to when you are bored?
What did you gain by doing all this? I've lost everything because of you.
Look at me... the person who advised me to leave Hamza can't even look me in the eye anymore.
When you didn't want to be with me, then why did you give me that advise?
Am I the only one you couldn't have found?
Fabiha listen to me...
What should I listen to?
Because of you my respect, my mother's trust and my life has been ruined.
Hamza who loved me dearly left because of you.
Where should I go? Who will marry me now?
Tell me... why am I even talking to you?
I will never forgive you.
Fabiha... listen to me.
What's the matter? Why are you guys looking at me like that?
We cannot believe that someone could stoop so low...
Hamza!
Don't shout!
Because if I start screaming then you'll be made a mockery in front of the entire world.
I know that you're torturing yourself being away from Arhum.
If you stay away from him, it will only increase the distance between you two.
You think that if you leave your place, it will remain empty all your life?
A little distance is necessary after what I've been through.
I need time to recuperate.
Time is merciless.
And if you don't take the right decision at the right time then it can cause a lot of difficulty.
When Arhum has acknowledged his mistake, you should forgive him.
Men tend to make such mistakes.
What do you mean mother?
You are defending Arhum for no reason. There is a right and wrong for men as well and Arhum should know his limits.
Women have to be patient to maintain a home.
We can't change what happened... forgive Arhum and move on in life.
What about the pain?
The pain I feel increasing when I look at Arhum?
Pain remains throughout one's life.
But you should think about your kids, they need the two of you.
And the right think is that you will have to compromise.
You cannot expect little kids to make sacrifices.
Listen to your mother and forgive Arhum.
And return home.
Let me know if you don't like me staying here.
I can arrange for myself. But for now, I cannot go back to Arhum.
Shenaya.
Are you insane?
Yes I am.
Can't you see my insanity?
You could have lost your life.
Let it then... what is remaining in my life, I would rather die than live with this humiliation.
Let me drop you home...
You've left me...
There's no need for your false sympathies...
My dying and living should make no difference to you. 
Let's talk somewhere...
I don't want to talk to you.
I will not leave you and you will come with me... so sit in the car.
If you don't care about my respect, then think about yours... everyone is looking at us.
Please.
Please.
Hamza.... is everything alright? Why are you here?
Auntie, I came here to talk to Fabiha today and I don't want anyone to get in between.
Fabiha is not at home.
I'll wait for her.
Wait for her...
Wait for her then.
Here you are.
Yes...
Hamza is here.
He wants to talk to Fabiha.
Where's Fabiha?
She's not home.
Alright fine.
Where are you Fabiha?
Hamza... drink some water.
Drink some water...
Please drink... and don't ever do something like this. It's my mistake...
you don't need to punish yourself...
I am the one who made a mistake giving you my heart.
I never imagined this would happen.
In fact, I didn't think about the future at all.
Sometimes we are unable to do what we want, because fate has something else decided for us.
It's not a given that what we want happens.
How easily you have managed to escape this relationship.
You expressed yourself and not once did you think...
that how hopeful a woman gets when a man expresses his feeling towards her.
I saw a thousand dream, even when I didn't want to...
but for men, everything is easy.
Men are free to do whatever they want, they don't have to bow in front of anything. It's the woman who is always labeled characterless.
And you've proven that.
In my eyes your character is untainted.
How will you prove that to the world?
Even if you mention disloyalty to an illiterate man, the image that comes to his mind is that of a woman.
But you can't understand that.
Because men are never disloyal...
You have ruined my life.
And I don't want to waste my time by staying here.
One more thing, if something were to happen to me... please ask my family's forgiveness...
Maybe that will wash away a few stains on my character.
If your apologies could have brought back my honor, then maybe I would have forgiven you...
I'm not cursing you.
Please drop me at my home.
Anayah...
Shenaya...
Where am I lacking?
There is nothing lacking in you.
Am I not beautiful like I once was?
What are you saying?
I'm right... I've stopping taking care of myself.
Arhum... the house... the kids... inside all of those things, I've lost myself.
Ever since I've married Arhum...
I never thought that...
he could get bored with me.
If I knew that I would have taken care of myself.
I'm not the Shenaya I once was. I can feel that I'm lacking in a lot of places.
That's why Arhum..
decided to pit me against that caretaker.
You're like how you were.
And... don't get insecure because of someone else.
Don't hurt yourself because of an ordinary caretaker...
No other woman can take place of a wife
People who try to force their way can never be successful.
Everything seems like a dream.
It seems as though that when I wake up I'll hear Arhum call my name.
He'll ask me about his coffee... he would ask whether the kids were ready for school or not...
And I would tell him that I'm readying the kids for school...
He would ask about his tie and his socks. He would ask whether I gave his mother insulin...
He would ask about his breakfast and I would tell him that it was ready.
After all these things... there was a sentence...
He would tell me that if I weren't there...
he would have nothing.
He would say he would have nothing..
Don't worry... have faith... everything will be alright.
We're home.
What's the matter? Why are you guys looking at me like that?
We can't believe how someone could stoop so low.
Hamza!
Don't shout! Because if I start screaming then you'll be made a mockery in front of the world.
I realized what you were doing a long time, but love had me blinded.
Arhum is well established, he earns more than me and he might be more handsome than me.
He has a house... a car and a good bank balance. That's why you left me because of him.
Right?
It's nothing like that mother.
Really...
It's nothing like that. We'll believe you... just look in my eyes...
and tell me that you have nothing to do with Arhum... or better yet swear on your mother's life.
What are you saying?
Swear on her life...
and say that you have nothing to do with him.
Swear on her life!
Yes I did have an affair with him!
I do love him... I don't want to live with you, what will I gain living with you?
What will I get? Poverty, starvation... tensions?
I would gain nothing living with you.
Shame on you!
Did I allow you to work so you could do this?
I didn't do anything mother.
I stayed in my limits and asked for my right.
Don't forget...
Don't forget that your mother is still alive... I am the one who will make the decisions!
I've already made my decision...
Don't be so selfish....
I'm not...
Whatever I'm doing is not only for myself... it's for you... this home...
I won't be the only one who would have a good life... all our lives would improve.
You can never have a life after burying your honor.
The world will spit on you and your mother.
Come on mother!
Don't talk about the world. The world doesn't care about people who are dead, let alone me.
I had freed myself from this relationship a long time ago and it's time that Hamza does the same.
Alright then you have no place in my home... get out!
Mother, what are you doing?
Get out...
Mother what are you doing?