Hareem
my dear, please stop crying. Don't cry like this
your mom will talk to your dad once he comes back home
and nobody will take your room from you, promise. Ok?
ok look at me, don't cry like this. I don't like it when my doll cries
lets go & play football. Ok?
lets go
Hadi...
Hadi, come lets play football. Your turn will be first. come
No, I don't want to play. Go away
why you don't want to play with me?
nobody loves me
everyone takes care of themselves, nobody cares for me
my dear, who said that nobody takes care of you?
mom takes very good care of her son
you are so bad
you take me to granny's house forcefully
I'm so sorry my dear, now I won't take you to granny's house & I will listen to you at all times. Promise
Okay
Good boy, lets play. Come
Fabiha, I am sorry. I hope its not hurting, show me
Its hurting a lot, please call Arham
what's the need to call Arham on such a small matter? Let me give you hot water bottle, you'll be fine
I'm telling you to please call Arham
I am here, I will take care of you. Nothing happened, you are perfectly fine
where are you going?
come, let me drop you
I will go myself
mom
now Fabiha aunty will go & complaint to dad about us
No my dear, she won't say anything. Also it wasn't our mistake
she came in front of us by mistake, its ok. Don't worry
come, lets play
what happened Junaid, you had gone to mom
did mom said anything? Why you seem so worried?
mom got to know about my discussion with Sanaya
she was getting so upset, she was scolding me a lot
What was the need for Sanaya to tell Mom everything?
I have forbidden her many times, but she doesn't listen to me at all
how will I appease her, tell me
Junaid, Sanaya wouldn't have said anything like that to her. I know it
I think, mom heard us when we were talking inside the kitchen
I saw her passing by from there
but I became the bad guy
I upset her while trying to keep her health well.
how will I appease her?
its a temporary anger, Junaid
 she will agree
just don't discuss this with Sanaya
she is already so worried
And we shouldn't make her more worried about her mother's matter
I will talk to mom
don't you worry, she will agree. Ok?
Okay
talk to her
come on, get ready
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday dear Fabiha
Happy birthday to you
What do you mean by "what is this"? You're saying it as if it's the first time
Fabiha, its been 5 years that we are celebrating this birthday along with our relation
what happened to you?
nothing
why are you hiding, tell me what happened to you?
Actually, Sanaya ma'am and the kids were playing in the garden, and I got hit by the ball.
come, lets go to the doctor with me
don't worry, I am fine
what do you mean that I shall not worry?
don't worry, I am fine. They haven't thrown the ball deliberately
it happens while playing
no matter what, I am relieved that I didn't get badly injured
what if something would have happened to this baby, then?
Please
don't say this again ever, please
my happiness is associated with this baby
its my duty to take care of this baby, lets go to the doctor
please don't think wrong
She got so worried herself that she made me sit here.
I know she doesn't like me, and everything associated with me
but... what kind of a jealousy with this little one?
You won't neglect the rights of your other kids after the birth of this baby.
maybe, Sanaya maam is afraid of it
She believes that if she becomes distant from you, her children's father will also become distant
but she can never do this
no matter that she is my husband's first wife, but killing my baby...
she cannot think this way
come on, quickly finish this juice. Ok
Sanaya
Sanaya
yes
I want to talk to you
what's the matter?
Sanaya look, whatever I am going to ask you just answer me truly. Don't lie
what happened Arham, what's the matter?
Did Fabiha get hit by the ball?
Arham, listen to me
I need an answer for what I am asking please, no explanation
did she get hit by the ball or not, just answer me
yes, she got hit
But Arham, it was an accidental hit; we didn't deliberately hit her. She came there herself
have some God fear
I am trying to make you good in front of my husband & you are continuously lying
there is a limit of everything, Sanaya
Sanaya, if something had happened to my baby, who would have been responsible?
Arham
how can you even think this way? It happened by mistake, we haven't done that deliberately
it got hit by mistake, do you even know how much pain she is in
she was completely fine now
I swear, she is completely fine
come on Sanaya, you mean to say all of this is a drama
she is in pain because she got hit by the ball, & you think its a drama
I am saying the right thing, Arham
Just a while ago, she took out the stuff from the kids' room and threw it out
if you don't believe me then ask your daughter
yes dad, mom is absolutely right
Fabiha aunty had scolded me as well, also she had ousted me from my room
Fabiha?
leave it Arham, there is no use of arguing 
She is involving the kids so that you can get angry on the kids & then you shall become the bad guy in front of them
so please
my daughter doesn't lie
she doesn't lie, but you are lying
and whatever you will tell her, she will speak the same
Fabiha!
don't shout
so what shall I do? Shall I listen to her quietly?
just remember one thing, if my baby gets hurt or Fabiha gets hurt then I will not tolerate anything & forget everything
enough
lets go Fabiha
its not that difficult to get burn in the fire of love
the more it is to get burn in the fire of hatred
the fire has been lit
now only a spark is enough
have you finished your juice or not?
hey, its still there. Come on finish it
there is no need to worry a lot
drink some water
don't think too much about Sanaya, just drink water
Try to understand that Sanaya is deliberately trying to annoy us to create misunderstandings between us
Thank God everything happened right in front of your eyes, or I would have become the bad guy for no reason
just take care of yourself, Ok?
You are there to take care of me, so why should I worry?
nothing will happen to me or to my baby, Arham
you don't need to be so afraid
I cannot leave you at your mom's place either, as she is still upset
Even if she hadn't been upset, would I have left you alone and gone to her?
No, right?
who else do I have except for you?
Fabiha, I was scared
you don't need to be afraid at all
you have warned Sanaya, right?
It won't happen again
Even if it happened, I cannot go to my mom's house, but Sanaya can
send her
but don't think too much about it, ok?
anyways, lets go to the doctor for my satisfaction
we'll get your check up done, then we'll go for a dinner
Ok
just remember one thing, if my baby gets hurt or Fabiha gets hurt then I will not tolerate anything & forget everything
its not that difficult to get burn in the fire of love
the more it is to get burn in the fire of hatred
the fire has been lit
now only a spark is enough
what is this Hamza, you always bring me to the same restaurant. Why don't you take me to some new place?
Fabiha, that day is not far when we'll go to some nice restaurant in our own car
just promise me that you'll always stand by my side
I promise that I will stay with you
happy birthday Fabiha
today I have everything, a lot of money... a car
only you are not there
I wish you had shown some patience
happy birthday to you
happy birthday to you
happy birthday Fabiha
don't open your eyes, no cheating
what are you doing, Arham?
just give me one minute
watch, there are stairs
there are stairs... very nice
there you go, that's it!
here...
happy birthday!
is this for me?
yes, come
how's the surprise?
very nice, thank you so much
happy birthday, Fabiha
thank you, Arham
I never thought anyone would plan a surprise for me
I am here
I love you!
I love you more. Come on
oh my God!
happy anniversary
happy anniversary
lets cut the cake & celebrate
Wow!
thank you Arham, thank you so much
Arham?
yes
cut the cake
happy birthday to you
give me, let me do it
Fabiha
greetings mom!
I thought to participate in my daughter's happiness
Happy Anniversary, Sanaya
When the person with whom my happiness was associated is not with me then...
I don't feel happiness by someone's words, mom
I am drowned in the sea of my love
where is Arham?
the place where he should be
While fulfilling his own incomplete happiness, he is also fulfilling her desires
he doesn't care about me
people tell lies...
that nobody can take the place of the first wife
She has taken possession of everything in this house, along with Arham
Now, Arham's comeback is impossible mom
being a mother, I will never ask you to leave everything & come back
its a difficult time, it will be over soon
I just pray to God that he shall bless you with happiness
even if the happiness comes back into my life, mom
but the lost Sanaya can never come back
The pain I have been through can never lessen
I might get Arham back
When a woman's self-respect is tarnished, she is left only with her breaths to live with
then time, companionship, love, justice...
nothing is required
I know my dear
but what to do, I have to give you some courage too
never hope for the justice
understand?
A man can never do justice, mom
He can get married four times, but he cannot fulfill the rights of any one woman
so how will he answer about the rights of all the four women
ok mom, I will talk to you later. Bye!
Bye!
Arham, why did you stop?
nothing, lets go
who came at this hour?
coming...
who is it?
Hamza! you are here & that too so late night
is everything ok?
okay, come inside
come
is everything alright?
you seem worried to me
what happened?
Hamza, how come you got injured?
Hamza?
Okay, come sit. Let me bring bandaid for you
sit down
this...
Hamza, tell me something. What happened
I am asking you something, Hamza
Look, if you tell me, it might lessen the burden on your heart
I had gone to Fabiha's favorite restaurant
I thought about going there with her sometime
But it was written in my fate that I would go there and see her with someone else
she was celebrating her birthday with Arham
did you mind it?
Hamza, shall I give you a suggestion?
if you ever go to that place next time
then take someone with you
so that you don't feel lonely
now don't say that I shall find a girl for you