That wouldn't have made any difference to me if Hamza would married to any girl but he is marrying to my own sister.
Fabiha
Say whatever you want to say but if you said this rubbish in front of Hamza then I will treat you in a very bad way.
Yes
Now you won't like me.
I am really surprised that sister-in-law is there despite all of that has happened to her.
Only a mother can give such a big sacrifice.
Promise me that you will always stay with me and you won't allow anyone to enter our personal space.
I will stay with you for ever.
And I will keep my promise in tact till my last breath.
What did you get Fabiha? Neither Arham nor Hamza.
I am empty handed and I didn't get anything.
Even this one is empty. I have nothing.
Fabiha what happened my dear? What are you doing? Are you in your senses?
Yes I am in my senses.
I am in my senses that's why I am feeling this intense pain that I don't have anything with me.
It is rightly said that those who don't have any dignity then don't have anything.
Look at me, I was empty handed earlier and I am empty handed today as well. I don't have anything with me.
I don't have my love, friends, mother and sister. I have nothing.
My dear.
Compose yourself and don't take stress.
That will have bad effect on your baby.
My baby.
I will also lose this baby. Arham will take his custody and will take him away from me. I don't have any money even to file a case for his custody. What will I do? I will die without him.
Please don't let that happen. You were absolutely right that time is not a good companion and nor do men.
From my childhood till today I have lived only in deprivations.
I supported my family because I didn't have my brother and dad. I ignored my desires just to fulfill the desires of my family members.
But the household expenses are that much high that I had to put my dignity at stake.
But even then I didn't stop and I encouraged my self that
Everything will be alright one day but nothing is alright.
Nothing is alright mom. And then I met Arham.
I saw all my desires in front of me waiting to be fulfilled.
I felt that it would be better to fulfill my desires instead of looking behind.
And when I did that then I saw all my desires getting fulfilled.
Then all my desires got fulfilled. I got bungalow, car and money. I got everything but I got a shared husband.
I couldn't understand that I am doing wrong in snatching my husband.
And who will be sympathetic with me. Even I am not sympathetic to myself.
Fabiha.
Don't think too much, your health will deteriorate. Just lay down here.
I am with you. I will sit with you.
Why do you think that Arham will leave you?
When he will see the face of his baby then he will start to love you as well.
Mom he never loved me, he just had sympathy towards a helpless girl and that's it.
He didn't love me. Everything is ruined.
Compose yourself, lest your health will deteriorate.
Stop crying. God will fix everything. Fabiha, don't cry.
Can I ask something?
The reason behind staying in this house is...
Only because of children.
What do you think?
The person who pushed his wife along with his daughter our of the house
Does the dignity of that woman allow her to even look at his face.
The person who was about to divorce a daughter in front of her mother and took her life.
So how would she even want to live with him and see his face.
I am staying here only because of my children.
Sanaya, can't everything be like before?
It can be. Of course it can be.
This house, our children and that good time which we were spending earlier. Everything can be fixed.
But I have a condition.
I will accept every condition. Just tell me.
Give me back my self respect, my grace, my love, all that time which I spent in sorrow and my mother then I will return your time.
You can't give me back. Right?
You can't return anything Arham.
Do you know why? Because you are helpless and emotional.
And you make decisions out emotions. You are even younger than Hadi, just like an innocent child.
You know what
A man is a person who never backs off from his decision.
Then he doesn't care about any storm or any problem.
Sanaya is right.
You deserve this Arham.
I have a request from You my Lord that give me death in a way that no one would think about becoming like me.
And no one may go through all of this.
I am coming.
Greetings mom.
Greetings, how are you?
Fine.
Greetings aunt.
Greetings. Come in. God bless you.
Mom
What happened to Fabiha.
Nothing. It happens during this period. Nothing to worry about. Sit here.
Are you happy?
Tell me, what do you feel?
It seems that both of you are very happy by the grace of God.
Mom look, Hamza has given me wedding gift. Isn't it good?
Wow, it's beautiful. May God bless you.
Hamza wants to send Valima reception's food to orphanage.
Nothing can be better than that. It's the right of orphans.
And listen
He is your husband now so be respectful to him.
But that will be very tough for me.
Just leave it aunt. No need for that. Respect is given from heart and she does so. I don't have any objection how she calls me.
I want her to take your name with respect. May God keep you happy always. I will bring tea for you.
Did you listen, call me with respect. I can't do that.
Did you talk to Arham?
No, he can't pay attention to anyone when Sanaya is around him.
That's not right.
You are also his wife like Sanaya and also mother his baby.
Fabiha, ask for your time.
And if he doesn't give you time then ask for you baby's right.
If he isn't responding to my messages then how will he give me right.
So no problem if another debtor will come to this world.
She will grow up like us.
And then he will ignore his desire just to fulfill the basic necessities of life.
So you have decided even before his birth that his life will be spent like us.
Why are you worried? You have got your desired person so enjoy yourself.
Why are you getting worried about me?
But it's a matter of concern Fabiha.
Mom has married me after a great difficulty but you have come back.
Will mom's life spend like this in such worries?
All neighbors know under which circumstances you got married to Arham.
You put your life at stake for that person
He left you alone here like this.
I had false hopes towards Arham earlier as well.
So I will be cruel to this baby if I will again have some false hopes.
So you have decided that you won't go back to Arham.
I don't know.
What's the matter? You look worried.
Mom, I want to talk to you. Sit here.
Mom, when will Fabiha go back to her house?
I don't know about it. But why are you asking?
You should think about it but I am telling you about it.
Why didn't you send her back?
What are you talking about?
There is only one way to get out of the pit into which Fabiha has jumped.
What are you talking about.
Instead of making Fabiha understand, you are saying this.
That's great.
So what should I do?
Should I asked her to leave my house in this condition? I am not asking you to do that.
But you can talk to Arham. You should call him and ask him to take Fabiha back.
By the way
Her presence in this house can cause problems for me.
What are you talking about? I am unable to understand anything. You have spoiled my mind.
Why don't you understand mom?
I am married to Hamza now.
Whenever I will come to meet you then Hamza will also come with me because I can't leave him at home.
And if Fabiha stays here then both of them will meet.
And what if any sympathy arises again in Hamza's heart for Fabiha then?
No, mom.
I don't think that it's right.
You will have to send Fabiha back otherwise I won't bring Hamza here.
Fabiha will stay here until Arham comes and takes her back.
Can I stand here for a while.
Yes you can. Have you ever taken my permission for that.
Because you didn't belong to anyone else earlier.
Anyways, just leave it.
How is everything at home? Is Arham alright?
Have you resumed your connection with mam Sanaya or still there is cold war going on between both of you?
The war between two wives of a man never ends.
It was on, it is going on and it will go on.
A woman can never tolerate with other woman.
And I am feeling it now.
It's a matter of time. It passes.
But only memories will be left.
We want to live with these memories but we can't.
When will Arham come to take you?
He might never come.
What do you mean?
Arham has pushed me out of his house.
He also thinks that it's my fault.
Has something happened in your house?
Go downstairs, sister Farheen must be waiting for you.
I can't go without listening to complete story.
Tell me what's the matter?
Hamza
Mom is calling you downstairs. Go and listen to her.
Dad. Dad.
Dad, our exams are finished.
Very nice.
And mom discussed with me teacher and re-admitted me in school.
And Abullah's mom accepted sorry of mom and me.
Very good.
Now you won't fight with anyone in school. OK?
Do you know dad, that we will go to water park next Monday. Will you go with us?
Yes why not? All of us will go together.
We will enjoy so much.
Yes we will.
Now go and change your uniform quickly.
Sanaya
How long will this continue?
How will things get better if we won't talk.
Remove this thought from your mind that things will get better.
Then life will become easy.
If you think like this then you will roam around here and there like this.
I have said this many times that I have made the mistake so please forgive me.
I am regretting.
I have a regret that I loved you.
So what are you doing here? Just leave.
Mom must be coming and she will think bad if she saw me with you.
I want to talk to you Fabiha.
If you want to save our relation from any rift then you should stay away from Hamza.
I don't want a girl like you to roam around him.
A girl like me?
Greetings sister, how are you?
Greetings, how are you Sanaya?
Life goes on, only a mother is alive
Sanaya, you should give yourself some time.
Did you think about your relation with Arham?
Give yourself some time, you will find some solution.
We find solution if we want to live together.
And I don't want to live with Arham for a single moment.
I am tolerating everything because of my children.
Even then Sanaya, you are his wife.
And this bond is enough to keep husband and wife together.
And I know that you still love him.
You are wrong.
You are talking about love. I don't even hate Arham.
It's mandatory to remember a person to hate him.
And I don't want to remember Arham at all. Not at all.
So how will you live with him under one roof Sanaya?
I don't know sister.
No matter how strong a woman may become, she has to show some flexibility because of her children.
And because of her children' future.
You will have to compromise until your children grow up.
I want to tell you something.
Yes tell me.
Junaid is transferred by his company to UK with family.
That's a great news sister.
Many congratulations.
I don't want to leave you like this but what can we do Sanaya?
No problem sister.
Don't worry, I am fine. I will compose myself.
OK, I will talk to you later. Bye.
Fabiha
You are my sister and I know about your relation with Hamza.
But you need to remember about your past relation with Hamza.
So I don't want you to share your problems with him. So it would be better if you stay away from him.
Sister, Hamza came here by himself.
If he came here then you should have left. Why were you telling him about your personal matters?
Don't you trust Hamza that you are saying this to me?
I don't trust you. I trust Hamza more than myself.
You are saying this as if I have snatched Hamza from you. What's wrong with you?
I don't want you to do that. That's why I am warning you.
Listen Fabiha, I have gotten this happiness in my life after a great difficulty.
So don't snatch this happiness from me.
Sister.
You are my sister and if you don't want any rift to come in our relation then stay away from Hamza.
I don't want any girl like you may roam around him.
A girl like me?
What do you mean by that.
Now complete your sentence. What do you mean by that?
Tell me.
Girls like you forget while fulfilling their desires that they are ruining others' life.
For whom I always sacrificed everything. I tolerated brother Haris and Haroon as well because of her and now she is taunting me.
There is a limit of selfishness.
Stay away from Hamza. Do whatever you want except that.
We will sleep together tonight. Yeah, we will sleep together tonight.
Dad will sleep here, I will sleep here, sister Hareem will sleep here and mom will sleep here.
No I will sleep here.
No I will sleep here.
Just lay down, let me tell you a story. Right?
It's a story of a princes who had very long hairs. She lives all alone in a forest.
She waited to make friends like both of you.
So that she could play with them. But she lived all alone.
And then prince and princess lived happily in that house in that forest.
There were no worries in their lives.
Just like our lives.
They are slept.
Take Hareem to her room.
No. She is slept.
Let her stay here.
OK.
Then you should leave. Children are sleeping so they won't know.
Arham
You forgot to pick your glasses.
You are still standing here?
As you know that I can't sleep alone.
Oh yes.
Your second wife is not here that's why you have some hopes from your first wife.
But do you know Arham?
I have killed my feelings.
I don't feel anything. I have also closed my eyes like a pigeon so I can't see anything.
So, it useless for you stand here.
This door will never open.
I don't trust you. I trust Hamza even more than my own self.
You are saying as if I have snatched Hamza from you. What's wrong with you?
I don't want you to snatch him from me that's why I am warning you.
Listen Fabiha, I have gotten this happiness in my life after a great difficulty.
So don't snatch my happiness.
Sister.
You are my sister.
And if you want to save our relation from any rift then stay away from Hamza.
I don't want a girl like you to roam around Hamza.
A girl like me?
What do you mean by that?
Complete your sentence, what do you mean by that?
Tell me.
Girls like you while fulfilling their desires forget the fact that they are ruining others' lives.
What's the matter Fabiha? Why are you so quiet?
Do you also feel like sister that I will snatch Hamza from him?
Don't take Farheen words seriously. She just says nonsense.
What would you say if you were in sister's place?
Do you also feel that I should go back?
Listen my child, every mother wants to see her daughters happy in their house.
You should go with Arham if he will come.
Think about Sanaya.
She would have made that house with so much love and hard work and she would have shared so much love for everyone.
Think about her. When a girl leaves her parents' house after getting married.
Then she thinks that her husband's house will become her house.
She fulfills all her responsibilities in her house round the clock.
She works all day long and when her husband comes in the evening then just see her husband's smile she forget everything and serves him.
And this routine continues from next morning.
And when someone comes and snatches her happiness then think about her feelings.
It's not Sanaya's fault. She made everything with so much love and hard work.
So just think that what would she feel if all of that will be snatched from her.
Don't think about men. Man has proved to be characterless and betrayer. No one says anything to him.
No one holds him responsible.
So it means that I am proven characterless.
It is rightly said.
It's very difficult to live in someone else' house.
And make room for yourself and make connections in that house.
I kept fighting with Sanaya. I kept threatening her that I will snatch her husband and her children' father.
But it took me to long to understand.
We don't burn our cottage after seeing others' palace.
No problem, you have still time.
Apologize in front of Sanaya.
You will be saved from a wife's curses.
But
It's very difficult to avoid a mother's curses. And don't want your baby to get punished for your mistakes.
Set him free from that punishment.
What was Fabiha saying? You had a long chat with her.
I was asking about her well being.
So you succeeded in that.
Listen Hamza, now we are married.
And marriage is the second name of trust and supporting each other.
How will our life pass if we will keep hiding things from each other?
And anyways, I have understood your nature very well.
I know everything about your feelings that when are you happy, sad and angry.
So it's useless to hide anything from me and by the way being your wife
I have the right to know everything related to you
In the same way, I also have the right to know everything related to you.
You should have informed me about that but Fabiha told me about that.
Why didn't you tell me that Arham has pushed her out of the house?
Oh really Hamza? Do you think that I should tell you everything about Fabiha.
Say something, why are you quiet?
Do you really feel that I should have told you about Fabiha's matters.
Because I don't want Fabiha to come between us.
I am not doing that, in fact you are doing that.
OK sorry. I won't do that again.
Now tell me the truth that you are not thinking about Fabiha since last half an hour.
Listen Farheen, I can only say that I don't want to discuss about Fabiha. That's it.
What's the matter? Where did your husband go early morning?
I don't know, he was not in the room when I woke up. He didn't inform me.
I am telling you. You should keep an eye on him. He will be in your control if you will be strict with him.
Otherwise you will have no control on him.
What's the matter? The smile which was on your face after first day of marriage is missing now.
Is everything alright? Did brother Hamza say anything?
No. Nothing.
I am like your younger sister so you can share your feelings with me and I promise that your secret will be kept secret.
Hania
When we went to mom's house then Hamza talked with Fabiha.
When I inquired him then he became angry and said that I am dragging Fabiha between us. 
Hania tell me, that what would a wife feel when she will see her husband talking to his ex-lover.
You are absolutely right that no woman can tolerate that but you will have to bear that.
It's very difficult to forget first love and you will have to realize that instead of brother Hamza. And you will see that everything will be fixed when you will realize that.
I have seen that brother Hamza immensely loved Fabiha.
And that feeling will remove with the passage of time.
You should talk to him about his love stories.
You should involve in his past then you will see that your relation with him will become stronger.
You look younger but you talk very wisely.
And this advice is absolutely free for you.
And from whom you get payment for this advice?
From brother Hamza.
What are you doing here? Just leave. Mom must be coming and she will feel bad if she saw you here.
I want to talk to you Fabiha.
But I don't want to talk to you.
I don't want sister Farheen to do anything again. So please go.
Has Farheen said anything to you?
She said nothing. Just leave.
Tell me, what has Farheen said to you?
She feels that I will snatch you from her. So don't insist and just leave.
I am not insisting, you are doing that.
And will you snatch me from her if she thinks so?
Stop this nonsense.
I am telling you to just leave.
Fabiha I want to complete that incomplete story.
And I won't leave without doing that and you can't force me.
I always supported you in your good and bad times no matter what you did to me. I always thought for your betterment.
And I am unable to stop myself for helping you. What should I do?
There is no need to do any favors on me.
Go from here.
Fabiha.
Why aren't you listening? Get out of here.
And I am warning you that don't come here until I am here. Go.
Go
Hamza, where did you go?
What's the matter? Why are you looking at me like this?
How much do you trust me?
Why are you asking? Has something happened?
Just respond, how much do you trust me?
I trust you even more than my own self. So now tell me what's the matter?
Very good. If you trust me then why did you tell Fabiha that she will snatch me from you?
I am asking something, why are you quiet? Respond.
Did you go to mom's house?
Yes, I went there.
And if wanted to hide that then I wouldn't share this from you.
What's wrong with you Farheen? Why are you doing this?
Fabiha is your real sister. Have you forgotten that?
I haven't forgotten anything. I have remembered everything.
But why did Fabiha tell you about that?
I was afraid of that.
I was afraid because of it. Hamza she is interfering in our matters.
You are still worried about her more than me.
I am not worried about her. If I was worried about her then I wouldn't marry you.
Otherwise all those moments which I spent with her were sufficient for me to pass my life...
Yes, I am wrong. And it's all my mistake.
I can't be happy because I am unlucky.
If you minded my words then I am sorry. I will be within my limits in future.
Farheen, I...