Greetings mom.
Mom, get up.
I have brought tea for you.
Please get up quickly. First I have to inject insulin then you can take tea.
Don't do it now. Come after half an hour.
It would be better to inject now.
I don't want to take tea now. Go, don't you have any other thing to do?
Mom, please let me inject insulin.
I have to make breakfast for children and I also have to go to office. I will get late.
What the hell? She has to go to office that's why she wants everyone to act upon her advises.
Good morning sir.
Right sir, as soon as client's flight from Dubai is confirmed, I will line up the meeting.
Don't worry sir, we will get this project. God willing.
Sanaya. Sanaya
OK sir, I will call you back.
I am coming.
I am coming.
Sanaya
Sanaya
Sanaya
Sanaya
Yes.
What's the matter? Why are you shouting?
Look at this, the button of my shirt is loose. Please press any other shirt.
Why do you do this?
There is no need to press other shirt, let me fix the button.
How is Hareem feeling now?
She is feeling good. She had no fever in the morning.
She is sleeping now so I didn't check again.
Thank God otherwise I would be thinking about her all day long.
You know, I also don't want to go.
But there is a very important important meeting otherwise I wouldn't have gone by leaving my daughter.
Well that's their granny's house.
She has been taking care of them and by the way your sister-in-law is also there so don't worry.
Yes but sister-in-law also have her own children and on top of that our children as well.
Yes but we don't have any other option
Mom's health is not good and she can't take care of children.
I know. I know.
It's fixed.
Come downstairs quickly, breakfast is ready. OK?
And where are my socks?
Your socks are there, you know about that.
Listen
I love you.
I hate you.
I know that you lie.
It's not in the bag and not there.
That may be in there.
Not here as well.
I gave that to mom. Let me check the closet.
Mom puts everything here.
It's my mistake. I put things at one place but search those at other place.
It's too late but Hamza didn't come. I will be late.
Get ready quickly.
Just wait for a second my dear.
Tell me what are you doing?
Fighting.
Fighting.
But fighting is not a good thing to do. Just look up.
Just look up my dear. Yeah.
We won't do fighting. We are good children so we will get ready and go to school. Right?
Kiss mama.
My dear child.
Hareem, get up. Hurry up.
Come on get up my child. Aren't you in a mood to go to school?
Hareem, what's the matter my child
She has fever.
I am in so much pain.
I am so much pain.
Take a bit.
What happened to my dear daughter? Why have you got such a high fever.
I am in so much pain.
You are feeling pain. Mom will give you medicine and my dear princess will be alright.
Such a high fever.
Why have you got this fever? Come to me my dear daughter.
Mom.
Mom.
Mom
Greetings.
Greetings.
What are you doing here?
I am making tea.
I will make a cup of tea then I will take tea after injecting insulin then I will have a good day.
Didn't Sanaya give you tea?
What else Sanaya will do?
Will she take care of her children, you, her office or this house?
Let her set free from her mother-in-law's responsibility. Just leave if she couldn't give me tea.
But why, it's her responsibility.
You should have asked her, she would make tea for you.
You listen to me, it's enough for me.
Just leave it, you won't do anything. Come with me.
Ayan.
Sit here, let me ask her.
It's only about a cup of tea. Don't do that. There will be an argument for no reason early morning.
Sanaya
Sanaya
Mom will give medicine to her princess and you will be absolutely fine.
Don't worry my dear.
How is Hareem feeling now?
Did her fever go down? I have been praying for her all night long.
She is feeling better.
She is better. Right?
Sanaya
Mom is coming. OK
Just get relax. I am coming. OK? You will be fine.
Hadi sit with her.
I am coming. Take care of her.
Hareem what happened to you?
I have told her so many times to fold clothes, birds make these dirty.
But she doesn't listen to me.
Fabiha. Fabiha, are you ready?
Fabiha, Fabiha, Fabiha. She only cares about her.
She doesn't even think about me.
I will keep waiting for my marriage in my mom's house. I will never get dowry nor get married.
Stop murmuring.
Make breakfast quickly.
Yes, I am doing that.
What else can I do except to feed all of you.
Let me take that sister.
Yes, hold it.
Otherwise mom will be worried for entire day that her earning daughter went to office without eating.
And I am sitting here like a burden.
There is nothing like that sister.
And you don't have to worry, I will talk to mom about brother Haris.
Fabiha, this matter is being discussed for the last five years, now the decision will be made, I am telling you. Go take your breakfast.
Yes.
Sanaya you didn't give tea to mom. How can you forget to give her tea?
I went to her Arham.
But mom said that she wants to sleep then what would I do?
What?
When did you come to my room my child? I didn't know about that.
I came to your room mom but you asked me to come after half an hour.
A cup of tea was put near my bad but I thought that it was put there since last night so..
I am surprised that I didn't know about that.
Believe me mom, I came to your room. Maybe you have forgotten.
Yes maybe your are right.
Anyways, sorry my child.
Mom, why are you apologizing?
Mom, you don't have to apologize. Arham, trust me, I went to her room.
Sanaya, not necessarily mom would have forgotten.
You can also forget because you get so busy.
But how, I remembered that.
It's enough. There is no need to argue.
Go and bring her insulin, I will inject that. Then give her tea. We are getting late for office as well.
Mom.
I put some cash in your closet last night. I was so worried while searching that in the morning.
I have taken that from your closet.
I don't know what happened to your memory. I will bring almonds for you so that your memory will be recovered.
Mom, leave those almonds. I talked to Haris.
Her mother will come here at 4 PM and this time you will have to accept her condition, you won't refuse at all.
But she has been refusing for the last five years.
She keep mentioning her wishes, sometimes she asks for a motorbike and sometimes for gold. How can we fulfill her demands.
Why?
The jewelry of grandma which was inherited to us but you sold that and sent money to uncle.
But now you are reluctant to ask for reward of that good deed for the sake of your daughters.
When selfishness overcomes the blood relations
Then there are only bodies to be buried.
You have broken your relation with him, but not me.
I will talk to uncle myself.
Do whatever you want.
When someone is blindfolded then he can't understand anything. And in that situation we feel that the person who is advising us is bad.
Mom
I am observing that your thoughts have been changed ever since Haris has left this neighborhood.
You don't give any value to my in-laws.
We only give value to those who want to make relationship instead of bargaining.
And that Haris, whom you love so much.
He hasn't left anything in fooling you.
Mom, please.
Maybe this time they are really coming to fix the marriage.
The marriage which is at stake even before fixing, you know the final result of that. Right?
You told me the final result of my proposal.
But tell me one thing.
What if Fabiaha's in-laws will put same condition then will you also make delay in getting her married timely.
Hamza is not like that.
And if will feel a bit that he is greedy then I will end relationship with him.
Only time will tell.
Hey brother Raheem, greetings.
Greetings, how are you?
I am fine.
So you are here on your morning duty.
I am doing my duty in your area.
Tell me if you need my help.
Fabiha.
I think Hamza has arrived. You should go. She is out of her mind.
Bye.
Bye.
Mom, please agree with me.
Don't spoil my mind and let me finish my breakfast.
You always cries about your marriage.
I am coming Hamza
You take so long to come, I have been waiting for you for so long.
I will lose my job because of you one day.
I also get late because of you.
Sometime your bike is out of order and sometime you don't have any petrol.
No Fabiha, it doesn't happen everyday.
And if a person can't wait for five minutes then how will he spend his life with me?
Madam
Only those make claims and promises in love whose love is fake.
True love doesn't depend on any claim or promise.
Are you done?
Shall we?
Yes. You are delaying now.
You were making so many big claims.
Here you go.
Let's go.
Yes.
Did you call Sanaya?
Yes I called her.
Greetings mom.
Greetings.
Whom did you call?
Sanaya called me, she told me that Sanaya has a very high fever.
So she won't go to school today and she will drop her here today.
Has Inaya gone to school?
Yes, with a great difficulty.
As soon as she knew that Sanaya is bringing Hareem here then she didn't want to go to school at all.
Yes, they are very good friends.
Yes because they have been living together since childhood.
They play together, go to functions together and they are in same school so what else they can do.
It's very strange.
Sanaya's mother-in-law couldn't become a good grandmother.
It is rightly said that lucky ones can manage such blessings.
And for a good luck one should get a mother like you.
Really? Take this butter and put as much as you can. Even knife is fallen.
Mom you always ask me to put butter on bread.
Your bike is so old.
Oh, so that's the point.
Let's see, how I ride.
Wow Hamza, you flew me and bring me here. Look we have reached there.
OK, make fun of me.
It doesn't happen everyday Fabiha.
"It doesn't happen everyday Fabiha".
Get off, let me check the problem.
I think my bike is bothering me everyday just like you.
Whether you may lose your job or not but I will definitely lose mine.
I want you to lose your job. Hold your bag.
If I was not needy then I wouldn't be doing this job and you know this very well.
You spend so much on this bike, why don't you buy a car on installments?
How long will you keep waiting for your promotion.
Sit.
Put this bag here.
Arham, do you really think that I made that mistake.
Has anything like that happened before today?
Maybe you would have forgotten.
You could have end that argument by saying few words.
I know that you have so many responsibilities and you fulfill your responsibilities in a very good manner.
And I like this thing about you that you are passionate but after all you are a human being.
And human make mistakes and admitting mistakes is not a big deal.
I am sorry. I will be careful next time.
Mom needs insulin timely.
Where are vouchers of Hadi and Hareem?
I put those in your wallet and also transferred the amount. Don't forget to pay today, it's last date today.
I will come back early after attending my meeting and then
I will take my dear daughter to doctor. OK?
I will also try to come early.
Mom.
Yes.
Take a day off from office today.
I am not feeling well.
My darling, my princess, I will come back early. I promise. OK?
Till then, your granny will take care of you.
You will be alright.
We have reached granny's house.
We are there.
Come on my child.
Take care.
Shabana
Shabana
Yes madam.
Why didn't Fabiha come as yet?
I don't know madam.
If we give some importance to these poor people they forget their real worth.
She has come.
Hmm, go and see, I think princess has arrived
Give it to me and take care of food.
Right.
Look what is this?
Open your mouth.
I don't want to eat it.
My dear, if you won't eat then how will you take medicine.
And your fever won't come down without medicine.
Yes, she is right. Eat it.
Granny please call mom and ask her to come. I don't want to eat.
I am here with you my darling.
We will call mom. What are you feeling, tell me. Drink milk.
Come on good girl.
That's like a good girl. One more sip.
One more.
No.
Aunt please, I don't want to drink.
Tell me what are you feeling?
She has a very high fever.
My head is spinning.
Bring me cold water with cloth strips. I am taking her to my room.
OK.
Come with me my dear.
Be careful.
Hurry up, madam is very angry.
My daughter.
Hareem.
What is happening to her.
Call Sanaya immediately.
Nothing happened, she will be alright. Doctors are treating her.
Yes but I dropped Hareem at your home so what are we doing here in hospital.
Brother Arham actually
Hareem go a very high fever and then her body started to shake suddenly.
How did that happen
She fainted.
Greetings madam, I am sorry. Actually.
What is your reporting time?
9 AM.
Oh really. I think you don't know about time.
Madam, actually I got late because bike was out of order.
Oh I see.
You make new excuse everyday. Sometime your bike goes out of order and sometime your mother fall ill.
Do you want to continue this job or not?
Even though you know that mom needs medicine on time and her dress should be changed as well.
Despite that you are so careless.
Let me file a complaint against you in management office.
No madam, this won't happen again. I will take care of time in future. If they will know about it then they will fire me.
Please forgive me.
Oh really? Those who care that much about their job then they come on time as well.
Please give me last warning. I won't do that again. I am sorry.
Shabana
Bring coffee for me.
Meeting is ready. Ask Hamza to meet me.
OK Sanaya.
Good morning madam.
Good morning.
Thank you.
Good morning madam.
Good morning.
Hi
Greetings mom.
Greetings.
How is Hareem feeling now?
She is sleeping.
Did she eat something?
Soniya her best to feed her but she didn't eat anything.
And she managed to give her half glass of milk with great difficulty.
OK, I have taken appointment from doctor. I will come as soon as my meeting is over.
OK my child.
You don't have to worry. I am here with my dear dolly.
I am satisfied that you and sister-in-law are with her.
OK mom, I will talk to you later. I have to attend meeting.
OK bye.
Good morning madam.
Good morning.
Boss has called for a meeting.
OK I am coming.
Listen, take my laptop and patch it with projector. I am coming.
Anything else?
No, thank you.
It's good that you called me. I was missing you so much.
Tell me, how is my grand daughter?
And how is Sameer, my dear son-in-law?
We all are fine, how about you?
Nothing will happen to me, I am made up of stones.
Why are you saying so? Has sister-in-law said something to you?
Just leave it and tell me that when will you come to Pakistan?
I called you to tell about that.
Our flight is booked for day after tomorrow.
Our children have vacations so Sameer said that it's better to visit your mom than visit Dubai.
That's great, welcome.
I will tell Arham so that he inform his wife as well.
By the way, have you look at yourself?
You have become so week. Don't you take insulin on time?
No one has time for me.
She goes to office in the morning and then comes back in evening after spending few hours at her mother's house.
She will take care of anyone else if she will get some spare time from her job.
I shared Arham with her with great difficulty but she snatched her.
And they want me to take care of their children.
But I refused straight away.
I don't have that much energy.
I am getting old.
I did such things in my young age but I can't do now.
But why will you take care of children.
It's the responsibility of mother.
And why did you allow her to do job?
Brother earns well. If she is so keen to earn money then she can do some online work. There are so many options.
There is no need to go out of home.
But she doesn't want to stay at home.
She has turned her wishes into necessities and controls her husband.
But why did brother become so careless?
He used to take great care of you.
Not everyone is obedient like your husband.
80 percent men are like this here.
One of them is found in our home.
But I have a tight grip on Arham.
Otherwise he would go out of my hands. I don't know what magic Sanaya has done to him that he thinks her words as final words.
But why?
You are head of this family so you should make decisions in this house.
Don't worry, I will talk to brother when I come.
Aunt it's time for your medicine.
Let's take medicine. 
I don't want to take medicine.
Why aren't you taking it? Please take it.
Get lost.
Take it away. I don't want to eat it.
You are so nice and you listen to everyone.
Let's do one thing, first you take medicine then we will go out.
You lie.
It's my firm promise that I will take out. Right?
But you will have to take medicine first. Come on.
Very good.
Let's go now.
Let me put this glass back then we will go.
No, we will go now.
OK
Let's go.
Did his fever go down?
Her fever is not coming down.
What kind of fever it is?
I think she has effected from someone's bad sight.
Let me recite something.
Hareem.
Oh, Hareem.
Hareem.
What happened my daughter?
Hareem.
Oh
Call Sanaya immediately.
Oh God.
Hareem.
My dear.
Hareem my dear.
Oh my God.
Oh God.
Sanaya is not receiving my call.
Oh God.
Let me call brother Arham.
Call him.
Take deep breath.
Take deep breath.
What's up sister?
Brother Arham.
Hi
Hi
What's up sister?
Brother Arham, Hareem's condition is not good.
Mom, Junaid has arrived, I am taking her to hospital
Well done, your presentation was so good.
Thank you sir.
I liked your plan so much.
The idea of theme park is like a cherry on the cake.
You will see that we will get so many clients after seeing that.
Thank you sir.
Oh my God, 35 missed calls from Arham.
Mom called me as well.
Is everything OK?
Sir, my daughter was not feeling well, I think there is some emergency.
Don't panic, hopefully everything will be fine.
Hi Arham
What?
In which hospital?
OK, I am coming.
Sir, my daughter is not feeling well and she is in hospital. I will have to go.
Go immediately. Don't worry about work, we will take care of that, OK?
Thank you so much sir.
Welcome.
Oh God.
Nothing has happened. She will be alright.
How will I face Sanaya?
She drops her on my responsibility.
It's not your fault. Why are you worried. Don't think that way.
But what about Arham? He is my son-in-law.
What will you tell him Junaid?
My child.
What happened to Hareem?
Nothing has happened? She will be alright. Doctors are treating her.
Yes but I dropped Hareem at your home so what are we doing here in hospital?
Brother Arham actually
Hareem had a very high favor and then her body started to shake suddenly and then..
Then what sister?
She fainted.
Where is Hareem? What happened to Hareem? Where is she?
Is my daughter fine? Tell me.
Sanaya
Come here.
What happened to her? Where is she?
I want to talk to doctor. Brother, where is Hareem?
Don't worry, we are here with you. Please relax.
Sit here.
Sister tell me what happened to her?
Nothing has happened to Hareem. She is absolutely fine. Sit here.
How can I sit, why aren't you telling me that what happened to her?
She has got a very high fever.
Where is she? I want to talk to doctor. Where is she?
Where is she?
Sanaya just sit here and pray for her. Everything will be alright.
She will be alright. Sit here.
Arham
Where are her parents?
Yes.
Children get fits due to high fever normally.
And she got high fever because she didn't get medicine on time.
So she got these fits because of that.
But there is nothing to worry about. She is totally fine.
But we will keep her under observation and make sure that she may not get fits again.
But you will have to be very careful for her in future.
Thank you doctor.
Can I see my daughter?
We are shifting her to room then you will see her.
Thank God.
We had to come yesterday to fix marriage date.
But Haris has told me today that he has lost his job.
It's obvious that you are bride's family so it is necessary to tell you.
Otherwise you would think something else.
He has lost his job.
But he joined this job last month.
Aunt, you call that a job. There was no opportunity and no future growth.
God bless you.
Haris won't do such kind of job.
And there is some caliber aunt.
So what do you think then?
What else can we think? You won't marry your daughter with a guy who has no job.
And to be honest, there is nothing left in Pakistan now.
We have planned that Haris will go abroad.
But it's very difficult to go abroad in current scenario.
Yes you are absolutely right.
We have no relative outside Pakistan
But
But your real brother is settled in Muscat.
You should ask him to call Haris there.
But he is my brother on paper.
We just know about his well being on festivals. We don't have any connection with him.
I am sorry, I can't call him.
By the way, don't mind sister that people do so much to marry their daughter. They give house, car and so many things in dowry.
But you only have to make a call by putting your ego aside.
So do that. And Haris won't live alone abroad.
Yes.
Your rather our daughter will live in luxuries there so think about it.
Didn't you dad come?
Your dad didn't come as well.
How will I go home? I am starving.
Eat this.
My mom has forbidden me to eat someone else' food.
Look my mom has arrived. I am going.
Wait a minute
Hadi my child
No one has come to take you as yet?
No.
Not yet
Whole school is empty but no one has come to take him.
Mom.
This time aunt hasn't put any such condition that we can't fulfill that.
At least you should call uncle once.
I know my brother very well.
He will never agree for this..
But how can you say that without even talking to him?
And just imagine that if uncle agrees and he calls Haris abroad
Then burden from your shoulders will lessen and I will go to my house.
I am afraid because of this Farheen.
I think if we won't fulfil the demands of your in-laws then they will create a drama here.
When your daughter will get effected by rejection of proposal then the drama will be created.
Then what will you tell people that why did five years long relation ended.
What will I tell?
I will tell about demands of your in-laws.
Really?
Then people will say
That you couldn't fulfill a single demand of your daughter's in-laws for the sake of your daughter.
Don't talk that much
I told you that I won't call your uncle because he won't agree for this.
But why mom. At least call him once.
I told you that I won't call him. Take a side.
OK, don't call him.
You neither like me nor my happiness.
Make tea.
Hi.
Hi.
Greetings sir, I am Hadi's class teacher. Hadi is sitting all alone in school. Why haven't you come to take him as yet?
Is Hadi still in school?