Will you take me there forcefully?
Yes, I will do that if I have to. So it would be better to agree peacefully.
And what if I don't agree then?
This relation is hanging over three words.
If my sister marriage will be broken then your marriage will break as well.
Where are you taking him?
Listen to me. Mr. Inspector. Wait minute.
Mr. Inspector what's going on?
You are making very big deals and you are very busy.
But what have I done?
You are a thief.
You have stolen Mr. Haroon's money. You are a thief.
OK fine.
Haroon has spoiled our lives.
He was bothering Fabiha earlier and now he asked police to arrest Hamza.
He won't leave us without taking his money.
Mom
Mom will scold me if I tell her about this.
Just leave it Farheen. It's better to stay quiet.
We will see when mom will know about it.
Mom, show some courage, your health will deteriorate more.
How can I do that my child?
Police has arrested my son.
And you know that how police treats prisoners. God knows what would they have done to him.
I am unable to understand that who the hell this Haroon is.
Brother never ever cheated anyone so this Haroon
I think brother must have hid something very significant.
Only Hamza can tell us about that.
Take me to police station.
And what will you do by going to police station.
Will they release him if you go there.
So who will make an effort to release him?
I have called sister Fabiha, she will do something.
Drink water.
No.
Fabiha shouldn't go to police station.
Mom she is a working girl and she must have some contacts so she will do something.
No, she is a female. It's not good that she may go to police station.
Call her and stop her to go there. We will do something. It's not good for her to go there.
Listen sir, this boy has embezzled four hundred thousand rupees of Mr. Haroon.
Pay outstanding amount of Mr. Haroon and get his bail.
Sir, we had the money then this wouldn't have happened. We requested for some respite from Mr. Haroon.
So you can understand that if Mr. Haroon is not giving him respite then how can I release him.
We are performing our duty sir.
Listen Mr. Tayyab, I have talked to DSP.
Just relax, this matter is not that serious.
Sir, listen to me...
Sir, yes, yes.
But sir, warrants have been issued against him.
Right sir. Let me release him after some formalities. Don't worry sir.
Abdul Rehman, bring Mr. Hamza.
OK sir.
Greeting, yes I am in police station. Yes because of Fabiha's issue.
Don't worry, I am here and the matter is resolved. OK.
What were you saying?
Sir, I am telling you that I am releasing him on DSP's intervention
But we can ask him to come here if required.
Are you alright? Didn't they beat you?
I am absolutely fine. Why are you here?
You are in this trouble because of me.
What are you talking about. It's my duty.
Who arranged my bail?
Here is your wallet and mobile.
Sir Arham
Thank you so much.
It's OK.
I will never forget this favor of yours.
No problem
OK Mr. Tayyab, thank you so much.
Listen Hamza, I am releasing you because of him but don't be so complacent, I can ask you come here again if required.
Bring tea.
Come with me, I will drop both of you.
No thank you so much sir, your precious time has already been wasted because of us.
I won't bother you anymore, we will hire cab.
It's OK, no problem, I will drop you.
No sir, we don't want to bother you. We will manage.
OK
As you wish. Bye
Thank you sir.
Let's go Fabiha
Greetings dad.
Greetings my child.
You came early today.
Do I serve lunch?
Get ready in the evening, we have to visit Sanaya's house.
So it means that you have decided to humiliate your wife in your sister's in-laws' house.
Listen Somiya, if you have made a mistake then you will have to apologize as well.
If you have already decided then kindly tell me whether I have to apologize by folding my hands in front of them or by bowing down in their feet.
I am unable to understand that I have seen fights between sisters-in-laws
But in this house a sister-in-law of this house is fighting against son-in-law of this house.
It's not a big deal to apologize.
But your sister will be happy to humiliate me in front of her in-laws.
She is favoring her husband to appease her so you should also support your husband.
Well done Arham, you have got account of Shah Group of Companies. Great job.
And I hope that our client won't have any problem with our company.
No way sir.
Good.
Did you see his attitude? He used to confront you.
But he was behaving very respectfully today
But it's of no use, he will get the whole credit.
It's his job to bring client but I was lucky that I found that client.
But you are really very lucky.
Give me, boss has approved your loan after twenty days.
Really?
Your problem is resolved. I am bringing coffee.
Mom, don't cry. Pray for safe return of brother.
I am praying for my son.
Brother
Hamza my son.
What have they done to you. Why are you crying?
Look what they have done to you.
Now stop crying, I am back.
Everything is sorted out.
Sit.
Why did they arrest you?
Nothing, sit here.
What else did you want?
Everything is alright. Stop crying, nothing has happened.
Who arranged your bail?
Fabiha's boss arranged my bail.
May God bless him, he saved my son's life.
May God fulfill all his wishes.
Go and bring hot milk with turmeric for brother.
Hamza tell me that why Haroon became your enemy?
It's nothing mom, that was just a small misunderstanding.
Misunderstanding? Does this happen because of misunderstanding?
Hamza, tell me the truth.
Actually, I borrowed four hundred fifty thousand rupees from him but I couldn't repay his amount on time.
What? 
Four hundred fifty thousand rupees?
But why did you need that much amount?
And where is that amount?
Actually, I just got out after taking money, snatchers snatched that money on gun point.
What is this?
But how will you return his amount?
Don't worry, I have talked to him. Everything will be alright.
My child, you are only supporter of your mother and your sister.
What else your mother can do except to get worried.
Drink this milk.
Stop crying, I am drinking it. Everything will be alright.
I felt as if you won't receive your mother's call as well.
No mom, there is no such thing. You know that there are so many things to do in office so I couldn't call you
Tell me, is everything alright?
Do you need cash or do I transfer money in your account?
No mom, I don't need money anymore, I got the amount from office and I have paid all dues.
My child, I understand that Somiya's attitude was very bad.
But that was not your mother's fault.
If I would know that she will send your children alone like that then I wouldn't let them leave.
I am ready to apologize to Arham as well if you want.
Mom, what are you talking about?
Mothers are there to pray for children not to apologize.
And you won't do that at any cost. You are my mother and no matter what others say, I have complete faith in you.
Somiya has embarrassed me so much. What would your mother-in-law be thinking about us.
Neither you can change thoughts of sister Somiya nor can I do that to my mother-in-law.
And Arham's thoughts will be changed only if sister Somiya will apologize in front of my mother-in-law.
Otherwise my life will become very tough.
Just like sister-in-law can't go to her mother's house without brother Junaid, in the same way I can't come to your house without Arham.
No my child
Trust me, nothing like that will happen, everything will be alright.
Madam, can we do some work if you are free from call.
OK mom, I will talk to you later. Bye
Sure
Look
I came here to discuss that in our last project design of builders there is a difference in design and we will have to change that.
Difference?
It is impossible.
How is he feeling now?
Didn't police beat him?
No
Well, so much has happened but no one even informed me
Hamza's family didn't call us as well.
Farheen, did you receive any call?
No mom.
I didn't receive any call.
I was afraid that this will happen.
Hamza was dragging this relationship somehow but now I feel that
After truth is revealed in front of sister Nasreen, she will break this engagement.
She won't even listen to his son this time. She won't put her son's life at stake.
But mom, Hamza won't leave Fabiha. So, don't worry.
Just like Haris has left you but you are not leaving him.
Why do you mention Haris in every matter.
Because all of this has happened because of him.
He has gone to Muscat after making our lives a hell. God will ask him and you as well.
That cursed man has ruined our lives.
Mom, don't curse my husband.
Farheen, if a mother's curses are effective then so much would have happened by now.
We will handle every situation but for God's sake please stop fighting.
Here is your cardamom tea.
She is so irresponsible.
Fabiha left everything undone.
Yes, she will learn what she will see in this house. No one takes care of his/her responsibilities so how can she do that?
She gives you food and insulin on time. Right?
Yes, she is doing better than you.
I am also concerned about you. I obey you.
Now let's see that how much your mother's family listens to you.
Whether their daughter-in-law is dear to them or their daughter's in-laws.
Or
It's a tradition of your house that men act upon women advises.
Tell me one thing.
Did your mother control your father like a puppet?
Just like you are doing to Arham and Somiya is doing to Junaid.
It's the limit mom.
When did I do that to Arham and nor sister-in-law does that.
I am telling you what I have seen.
Night turned into day and morning turned into evening.
No one came from your mother's house.
When mother's family stops listening daughters then daughters-in-laws have to listen to in-laws. Do you understand?
Listen
Call Arham and ask him that where is he? He took Fabiha to police station.
Arham has gone with Fabiha.
Just do as I said. Don't argue.
Huh
I was about to call you. Where were you?
Nothing, police arrested Fabiha's fiance Hamza.
First I went to police station then I went to office, it was a very long day.
Why didn't you tell me?
That was a minor issue so I forgot to tell you.
You shouldn't have gone to police station with her. It's her own issue so she should resolve it by herself.
We shouldn't interfere.
What happened? I just helped a bit. Nothing more than that.
Have you paid the loan amount?
Yes.
My loan got approved so I called bank official and he told me about that.
It's a same thing whether you pay that or me.
At least you would have informed me so that I wouldn't get embarrassed like that by calling to bank official.
We inform them who want to listen but you were not talking to me.
And you will like your wife when her mother's family will bow in front of you. Am I right Arham?
Maybe I must have assumed that you will appease me but no, maybe I go emotional.
I am also assuming that you will appease me.
Sanaya.
You are not the only one who is fulfilling responsibilities, I have also sacrificed.
Sanaya.
I have lost my self somewhere between my children, office and responsibilities.
At least listen to me as well.
What should I listen?
Have you ever talked to me with a smile on your face? Do you remember that we are husband and wife.
Have we spent some time together, do you remember that you have talked to me with a smile on your face?
Do you know what do we discuss?
Have you paid the bill or have you applied for loan that's it.
We have forgotten everything and we only remember one thing, mistakes of each other.
Arham, I only want to spent a single moment with you.
In that moment, there is no one, no responsibility, no grievances and nothing else. Only you and me. Only me and you.
That one moment will be enough for me to work round the clock.
But that moment is nowhere.
Just leave it.
Sanaya
Just like wounds needs an ointment in the same way we need someone who loves us after we get slapped. But I don't have anyone here.
So I will also share my grievances in front of my mother's family like Sanaya.
Won't you listen to your husband?
I have done that but not now.
Still your husband is talking to you.
No
A selfish man is talking to me, who is afraid to lose his daughter.
I am unable to understand anything Hamza.
Haroon won't leave me, how can I arrange such a haft amount.
I am so embarrassed Fabiha
I made so many big claims but to no avail.
The amount I got by mortgaging my bike was not accepted by Haroon so I couldn't do anything.
Sorry. I am really sorry Fabiha.
You don't have to apologize. I am happy that you are worried about me.
That would be great if all our problems got resolved just by mere thinking.
When we can't do anything then leave everything on God. He is the only one who can help us.
No doubt.
Didn't aunt say anything after hearing the truth?
I had to lie to her.
You shouldn't have lied because of me.
Her trust will be broken when the truth will be revealed.
If I hadn't lied then perhaps I would have lost you.
And I can't do that even if I want to.
I can go to jail not once but a thousand times for your sake.
There were chocolates for Hadi, have you given him?
Yes.
And there is also Hareem's favorite cake for her.
Yes brother.
Mom, your tea.
Thanks my child.
Thank you.
Arham, we are very embarrassed on the recent incident.
And Somiya is also regretting on her action.
I am sorry to say Junaid, have you brought Somiya forcefully here?
It can be seen by her attitude that she is regretting by coming here.
No aunt, you are taking it wrong.
There is no forcefulness in the relation of husband and wife.
And in our family there is no tradition that husband has to listen to his wife and to obey her.
Wife can't impose her decisions on her husband. And Junaid is right.
I apologize. I have made that mistake and I am regretting on my mistake and apologizing for that.
Sister Somiya is talking to you. Won't you say anything in response?
We didn't want to degrade you.
You are also parents so you can understand that why I got so emotional for my children.
Junaid is right that there is no harm in apologizing.
And my honor won't get reduced if I apologize.
So, I am sorry, once again.
I heard everything brother. I doubted that you are hiding something from us.
Haniya, please don't tell mom about that.
Why shouldn't I tell her?
She should know that her son is getting punished for someone else' wrong doings.
You went to jail today and you will have to sacrifice your life one day. Stay away from this kind of love brother.
For God sake.
OK please. Lower your voice please. Mom can hear us.
How long will you keep me quiet?
Listen
Have a little pity on your brother.
Oh really! but why doesn't she have pity on you?
Why doesn't she have a pity on your life?
Haniya she is very upset and I can't leave her alone in this situation
Swear on me
You won't say anything to mom about this matter.
Please
Look, I am so proud of you.
And I am sure that you won't break my trust.
Mom and I don't have anyone except you.
Please brother Hamza
You are back.
Somiya
Somiya
Don't worry, she is very angry right now.
She will be alright in a while.
I am very happy that she took care of your love.
May God keep your love for each other in tact.
Ameen
Mom, Somiya is not a bad girl but she gets emotional occasionally.
OK, go and appease her.
Well, this is really tough.
No matter how angry your wife may become, few sweet words of husband cool down her anger instantly. Now go.
Go and appease Somiya. She needs you. Get up.
She will be appeased but
I am worried about the misconceptions about you and Sanaya in her heart, those will be removed with great difficulty.
Those will be removed with the passage of time.
Go and appease your wife.
She needs you.
Somiya
Somiya
Your anger won't cool down if you will keep quiet like this.
Somiya, I am talking to you.
What do you want to talk?
Is there anything left to be discussed.
By the way, does my anger make any difference to you?
Why doesn't it make any difference? It does make difference.
Your mother's anger makes difference to you.
Your sister's anger makes difference to you.
But the woman who serves you round the clock she is just like a robot. Right?
All men consider us as puppets because you have got the right of saying these three words.
You ask them to stand, sit, cry, laugh and apologize in front of anyone whenever you want.
It's upto you.
But women know their rights.
And not only men have the right to give divorce.
Listen
Express as much anger as you can.
I am listening quietly.
We express anger on those who can bear that.
You have forced me to apologize in front of them today.
One day you will ask me to bow down in front of your brother-in-law.
What are you talking about? Why would I say that?
You have complete right to live your life and make all your decisions.
OK then
You made one decision so now I will make a decision.
I will go to mom's house tomorrow with Anaya and I will stay there for few days, months or even years but you won't say anything.
Somiya listen to me.
Somiya listen to me please. Stop.
I thought that you are sensible and experienced and you will handle everything and will take care of mom.
But you proved me wrong.
Keep your domestic problems at your home and try to focus on your job.
I am sorry, next time that won't happen.
That shouldn't happen Fabiha
You can't do your job like that. You have to give proper time.
And if you don't want to do this job then tell me. I will hire someone else.
No, there is no such thing. I will be careful next time.
Hi, Hammad, no, I won't come to office today.
Tell madam Sanaya that Hamza is not feeling well.
And map is on my table, give her that map please.
OK
Why isn't Fabiha receiving my calls?
If someone's luck is bad then what can he do?
We make our luck ourselves.
Things can't change if you cry like this.
I am so compelled that I can't see any other option.
I can only see compulsions of my family members.
Do you know that after a certain age girls marriage become very difficult.
And my elder sister was going through that problem.
And her in-laws were demanding for everything, sometime they asked about motor bike, car or going abroad.
My uncle lives in Muscat.
He told us that four hundred fifty thousand rupees are required to go Muscat.
And we got agreed on this condition that brother Haris will marry sister Farheen before going to Muscat.
The home where I used to work earlier
Unfortunately, I took loan from Mr. Haroon.
To arrange brother Haris travel to Muscat.
After that he started to harass me.
But I somehow managed to save my honor and left his house.
And I am protecting my honor till date.
Money is a very strange thing.
If you have money then everyone respects you.
And if you don't have money then you have to save your honor.
Please pray for me.
I would die but won't compromise on my honor.
Poverty has been made biggest fault of man by this world.
God has tested you with this problem so He will take you out of this as well.
Have faith in God.
I have faith in Him.
So let Him do His work and you do your work.
Right?
Your are so nice, just like my mom.
And you are so innocent.
Tell me
Didn't Sanaya say anything on going with Arham yesterday?
Tell me, why are you quiet?
You don't have to be afraid of anyone.
Right?
You will share everything with me.
She didn't say much but she said that I should resolve my problems myself and shouldn't take help of sir Arham.
Hmm, alright.
Don't take Sanaya's words seriously. Right?
I am with you.
I will take care of that. Right?
Will you take tea?
Yes why not. Clean this.
Give me my phone.
Right.
The home where I used to work earlier, I took loan from Mr. Haroon unfortunately.
To arrange brother Haris travel to Muscat.
After that he started to harass me.
I somehow managed to save my honor and left that house.
And I am still saving my honor.
Somiya your anger is justified and I am really embarrassed.
But this anger can be removed by discussion.
How will we live without you? Don't leave your house.
Mom do you have any idea?
Sanaya's mother-in-law was looking at me with such contemptuous eyes.
As if she have succeeded in her objective and defeated me.
Listen Somiya, unpack all these things and put these back.
Mom you should feel happy.
That your daughter has crowned her husband today.
And your son has humiliated his wife.
Let's go.
Mom, I don't want to go. I don't want to go.
You ill mannered.
Somiya
She has become ill mannered because of Hareem's company.
Why are you expressing your anger on her because of me.
Children get effected because of parents' mistakes.
Let's go.
Somiya don't go. Put your bag down.
Why do you want to make domestic issue public.
Domestic matter?
You forced me to apologize in front of your sister's in-laws and you are saying that this is domestic matter.
Just like wounds needs ointment.
In the same way we need someone who loves us but I don't have anyone here.
So I will share my grievances in my mom's house like Sanaya.
Won't you listen to your husband?
I have already done that but not anymore.
Still your husband is talking to you.
No.
A selfish man is talking to me who is afraid to lose his daughter.
Stop my child. Somiya.
Junaid, stop her.
Somiya don't do this. Somiya.
Stop her.
Control yourself. Everything will be alright.
She is going, stop her.
Come in, everything will be alright.