The silly girls like you think that if wings of a pigeon are cut then it will forget how to fly.
He will stay within your cage but as soon as it will get a chance, it will ditch you and fly away.
I don't want your brother to forcefully take you to airport.
So it would be better for you to leave this house yourself.
And one more thing, pack everything in one go because you never know whether you will come back again or not. Right?
I am your mother and I will never think bad or wrong for you.
Husband is the biggest protector of his wife otherwise this society is so selfish that it doesn't let her live peacefully. Try to understand.
I have asked van driver to drop children at your home. Please inform me as soon as they reach their.
Thank God, you came here.
Is everything alright?
I need three hundred thousand rupees urgently. Can you arrange that?
That will be difficult but let me ask Khawar if he can do something.
OK then email me form for taking loan. I will download that.
Boss is very angry on you so don't apply for loan otherwise the matter will get more worse.
But why?
This file of Shah Group of Companies is at your table since last week and their account hasn't been verified yet.
Oh, I forgot about it because of my domestic problems.
Pray to God that client may not chose any other bank and still wants to work with us otherwise boss will give you termination letter. Their contact number is mentioned in this file, call them.
Thank you.
No problem.
Hareem, Hadi.
Hareem, look at this
Hadiya, are you going back?
No.
If you are not going then why have you packed your luggage?
I haven't packed anything.
Fabiha has done this.
And she didn't just pack this luggage but she has also threatened me.
That if I won't leave this house myself then she will force brother Arham to push me out of this house.
How dare she to threaten you for pushing you out of this house?
She considers herself as owner of this house that's why she is that much confident.
OK please don't worry, sit here and get relaxed.
You don't have to worry. It's your house and no one can force you to leave this house and you can stay here as long as you want.
But Fabiha won't let me stay in this house.
And I have got very clear indication about that on breakfast this morning.
The way brother Arham asked me about my plans for going back, I am sure hat Fabiha has incited him.
Sister
Only you can stop her by doing this.
If you won't stop her timely then she will snatch everything.
She has already snatched your husband.
And now her next target will be this house and your children
Think about it.
Farheen eat sweets.
But for what?
Eat it first then I will tell you.
Now tell me.
The deal with client has been finalized and from now on the sauces will be supply from our mart every month.
And because of this achievement, boss has promoted me and now I have become area manager.
Wow Hamza, that's a wonderful news. I will eat some more to celebrate your success.
And there is one more good news, boss is also giving me vehicle allowance.
It's such a big news and you are telling me like this. Mom will be very happy to hear this.
What's the matter? Aren't you happy?
I wish, she would have shown some patience.
How dare you to threat Hadiya and ask her to leave this house?
Oh, so she complained in front of you about me.
Listen, married daughters have to go back to their house one day. She should realize that.
She thinks that I want to push her out of this house but I want her betterment.
Who the hell are you to decide that who will live in this house or not?
This house is mine as well.
And whoever will have an evil sight on this house then it is my responsibility to push that person out of this house.
And you should understand this as well. You won't succeed against me, I know how to protect myself.
And the truth is that if you are standing here in this house then it's only because of me.
Otherwise if I want then I will also kick you out from this house.
Fabiha.
Sanaya, it's enough.
She is also my wife just like you so it's my duty to protect her.
And please don't do this because of me.
Keep an eye on your wife.
Do that before everything may fade away and you may get effected by her deception and cheating.
Sanaya please, I can see everything.
I can see everything.
OK, if you can see everything then ask her
Didn't she ask Hadiya to leave this house?
This is a lie, I didn't say that.
You know what, I think it's high time that Hadiya should leave this house.
That would be better for all of us that she may leave now. It's enough.
Sanaya told me that children will come here from school. Where are they?
She has already picked her children while returning to office.
OK, have you talked to her?
How is she and what about the situation in her house?
She was very worried.
It's obvious mom.
Which wife can live happily with her husband's second wife?
I really feel sorry for Sanaya.
The person for whom she did everything didn't even think once about her.
What would she be thinking that her family didn't support her in this difficult time and everyone keept advising her to go back to her house.
You are right Junaid, only her family gives support in such difficult time.
But we were so harsh on her by thinking that who will bear the expenses and responsibility of children.
We don't marry our daughters and sisters that no matter what in-laws keep doing to her and her family only watch and do nothing.
A girl's family is responsible to take care of her.
And mom, you should encourage Sanaya and assure her that no matter what happens we are with her.
She is afraid that she will be left alone.
You are absolutely right Somiya.
I will go to meet Sanaya tomorrow.
Arham should think that Sanaya is not alone.
Indeed.
Did you see? Hadiya has done that. Until she is here, nothing will be fixed.
She is putting this blame today and she will make any other blame tomorrow then where will I go?
And she doesn't come in front rather she uses Mam Sanaya's shoulder for that.
As you know that I am her husband's second wife so this matter won't be resolved that easily.
And Hadiya kept doing this then the situation will become more worse.
You don't have to worry.
I will book her ticket myself and she will have to go.
I think you should book her ticket right now. There is no point in delaying this.
Listen, I want peace in your life and this house as well.
But this is not possible if Hadiya will stay here.
I spent so much time with aunt and I know that aunt used to act upon Hadiya's advises and now Mam Sanaya is doing the same thing.
Hadiya, I have booked your ticket for tomorrow. You will go tomorrow.
What do you mean?
You are considering me as a burden after mom's demise.
You are doing this on her insistence. Right?
Hadiya? What Hadiya?
You are doing all of this on her insistence. Right?
Earlier you used to say that Sanaya incites me and now you are saying that she is inciting me.
You are making a very big mistake and you will regret.
Hadiya won't go anywhere Arham. She will stay here.
And if someone has any problem with her stay in this house then that person can leave this house.
Sanaya, I think you are forgetting that this house is mine.
Oh really?
You have realized it very quickly that this is your house.
Hadiya's flight is confirmed so she will have to go back.
This girl has created this fuss. She has provoked you. Right?
So she will leave this house not me.
I don't want to become more bad in front of you Hadiya.
You are not bad brother rather she is forcing you to do that.
Try to understand and kick her out of this house before she throw you away like a used tissue paper.
Hadiya. Arham
This is not right brother.
You are not realizing that what is she doing with you.
First she snatched your mother, then your wife and now me (your sister)
You will regret.
Let's go my child.
Hadiya, listen to me Hadiya.
You haven't started eating. Let me serve dinner for you.
Muskan gather your things.
Hadiya.
Don't you understand, gather your things.
Hadiya, listen to me Hadiya.
Hadiya listen to me. Hadiya.
What do I listen sister?
Brother has told me everything.
Daughters lose right on their mother's house after their mother's death.
You know your brother very well that he is very emotional.
It's enough sister.
Brother Arham always do this to me. And how long will I keep getting punished for being her younger sister.
I won't let you leave in anger. I will talk to Arham and I will convince him.
What do you think?
That you will talk to him and he will be convinced.
But at least I can try Hadiya.
No you can't because that girl has capture him and she can force him to do anything.
Hadiya please don't go otherwise I will be left alone.
Sister, i must leave now.
And please, now you will have to show courage.
Now you have to fight on my behalf as well.
Arham, why are you getting worried now?
Hadiya will forget everything after some time and it happens in siblings relation.
She will forget it one day.
Fabiha, I am not worried about Hadiya. I am worried because of something else.
Why are you worried? Where are you going? Arham.
I am going to Sanaya's room.
Hareem, haven't you slept yet?
We were unable to sleep and we want to sleep with you and mom.
This is not possible and I can't go there. Go to sleep because you have to go to school in the morning.
No dad, you will sleep with us and mom tonight.
Stop this nonsense.
Before I lose my patience, get out of here Fabiha. I don't want to see your face.
Get lost.
I want to talk to you. Can I come in?
No.
What's the matter?
I couldn't pay installment of car since last two months. And as you know that I paid a huge amount in hospital. So I am very worried.
And you thought that Sanaya will pay that as she always does.
Aren't you thinking that I will also bear the expenses of your second wife?
That won't happen.
I have done what I had to do.
Now I don't have any responsibility except my children.
And all installments of this house and car will be paid by you from now on.
If you can get married second time then you can bear the expenses as well.
Are you taunting me?
No, I am not taunting you. I am telling you the truth Arham.
You became habitual of my job.
I took very long to realize that.
And it is rightly said by someone that if man gets habitual of his wife's earning then it is very difficult to leave that habit.
So from now on expenses will not be divided. You will take care of your responsibilities and I will take care of mine.
Because if I put my responsibility on your shoulders then you will claim right on me which I don't want at all.
OK
If that is the case, so be it.
Sister, what happened to brother?
Sister tell me, what happened to brother?
I have refused your brother to bear his expenses anymore.
You did absolutely right.
If brother won't be able to bear his own expenses then Fabiha's desires apart, he won't be able to her needs as well.
Then Fabiha will know her real worth and you will see that she will leave brother very soon.
And you don't have to show any sympathy.
Sometime such sympathies cause troubles for us.
Let him get upset.
Brother should realize that what is your importance.
I should give Arham a tough time.
Yes.
Think about it Hadiya.
If I won't contribute in household expenses then I won't be able to get anything under control in this house and I won't be able to stop you.
I don't want to stay here anymore. After mom's death, I am not comfortable here.
And if my real brother wants me to leave then
Such conflicts are temporary in the relation of siblings. Everything gets fixed with time.
Hmm.
But husband and wife's relation is the only one that if any drift comes in this relation then that's impact never gets faded.
Sister
I have wronged you so much.
I never gave you respect being my elder sister-in-law but I only behaved like an enemy with you.
But you never responded in return.
You always kept yourself quiet for the sake of you husband and children
Sister
I want to apologize on mom's behalf and on my behalf as well.
Hadiya.
If you have realized your mistake then it's OK.
And as far as mom is concerned then I never took her words seriously. I always gave her status of my own mother.
And mother can say anything to her daughter. Right?
Hmm.
Sorry sister.
There is no need to say sorry.
Sister
I don't want to go to airport with brother. Will you drop me please?
Thank you so much for ice cream.
But don't think that this ice cream is enough.
Yes, why not. And by the way, I got this job only because of you Farheen.
And if you didn't recommend me for this job then maybe I wouldn't be able to achieve this success.
Thanks.
No Hamza. It's a matter of luck.
Will you discuss everything here in car? Let's go inside and share this good news with mom as well.
I am coming.
Greetings mom.
Greetings. Come in, why are you standing outside?
You came very late today.
Mom, Hamza took me to ice cream parlor.
Oh I see, but why did you take her there?
As this question from Hamza.
Why did you take her to ice cream parlor?
I have got promoted today and I have got a car from company as well.
Really? Wow that's really a great news.
I just need your prayers aunt.
I will always pray for you. May God give you more success in life and may you prosper in your life.
Dinner is ready. Serve that, we will eat together.
OK
Come in Hamza.
Are you alright?
Yes, I am absolutely fine.
What's the matter Arham, you look upset.
Fabiha, I am some more worries and I want to sleep. Please.
But tell me what's the matter?
As I told you that I want to sleep. Leave me alone for a while.
I am not in a mood to talk and if you are unable to sleep then you can go out but please leave me alone.
Arham.
Fabiha please.
I am a human and humans can stay alone for a while, it's his right. I want to sleep, I have so many things to do in office in the morning.
Switch off the light.
Dad. Dad.
Hareem, haven't you slept yet?
We were unable to sleep and we want to sleep you and mom.
This is not possible and I can't go there so go to sleep. You have to go to school in the morning
No dad, you will sleep with us and mom tonight.
No my child, don't insist. I told you that I can't go there.
But why can't you go there?
Because
Mom and dad fought with each other and you mom is angry with me and until she is angry I can't go there. Right?
Let's go with us.
Don't insist.
You will have to go with us dad.
Hareem, as I said, don't insist.
Go from here. Go Hadi, go Hareem.
And close the door.
Arham, they are kids.
What happened?
What have you said to children?
Children were insisting Arham that they will sleep with you and Arham.
And you don't want that to happen.
There is nothing like that. He doesn't want to sleep here.
I know you very well and Arham as well.
You are not doing right by destroying my children' peace.
It would be better for you and for your relation to remove this thought from your mind as soon as possible that I have snatched father of your children from them.
Yes I am second wife of your husband but I consider you as my sister.
Forget everything and move on. Accept your relation with me, please.
I can't leave Arham and you can't leave his house because of children.
So it's very important that we live together.
Stop this nonsense.
Before I may lose my temper, get out of here. I don't want to see your face.
Get lost from here.
Do you know that I have planned vacations for both of you. As soon as you will have your vacations, we will go to Northern Areas. OK?
And dad will also go with us. Right?
Dad is busy in office so we will go with him later. Right?
What's the matter my darling?
Mom
Are you angry with dad?
No at all. How can I get angry with dad?
He doesn't sleep with us and he always gets angry.
And he doesn't talk to us properly.
There is nothing like that at all. Come here.
Are you angry?
I am sorry, I shouldn't have got hyper last night.
Worries decrease by sharing not by getting hyper.
You scolded children for no reason.
First let me appease you then I will appease them as well.
But on one condition.
Tell me, why are you upset?
I couldn't pay the installment of car since last two months and if I won't pay the installment today then bank officials will take the care back today.
And how much is the installment amount?
Three hundred thousand rupees.
I went to Sanaya to get her help but..
She refused.
Apply for loan from your office.
That won't be approved.
You can apply in bank for loan.
I can do that.
Don't worry, everything will be alright.
Now go and see off Hadiya. She is going back and I don't want your sister to leave in angry mood.
OK
Whom are you calling mom?
I have been calling Sanaya since half an hour but she is not receiving my call. I want to ask that will children come here from school directly?
Mom I talked to Sanaya. She is a bit worried.
Arham has forced Hadiya to leave the house on Fabiha's insistence.
Oh God, why he has done that?
Why is Arham so selfish and senseless?
Ever since Fabiha has come in Arham's life.
Sister Riffat has just passed away and Arham forced his sister to leave the house.
And what is the reason behind that? Do you know anything?
I don't know anything mom but
Sanaya told me that Hadiya is going back to Dubai today.
Brothers give shelter to sisters but why did he do that?
Arham is getting curses from everywhere.
May God have mercy. That was my mistake that I made him my son-in-law on Sanaya's insistence.
And now we will have to answer the family members when they will know about his second marriage. How will we face them?
I am so worried.
No matter what we do but we can't hide it.
Hmm
Anyways, I will make lady finger curry for lunch so please cut lady finger and onion for me and I will take care of the rest.
Yes, children love to eat that.
Give that to me, I will cut that.
OK mom.
Make room and put this bag quickly.
Hadiya, come out, we are getting late for airport. Come on Muskan.
What were you doing?
Nothing.
Hadiya
Your brother doesn't have that much time that he will come to see you off. We are getting late. Let's go.
Come on Muskan, let's go.
Let's go.
Hadiya