You have met with Shirazi personally? When and why?
We were together at lunch yesterday. Me, sister Nawal, mom and he.
She has gone to Dubai for two days.
What? Without informing you?
So suddenly? When did she go?
I asked you to come with me. If we would be here together then we would enjoy more.
If you would have needed my companionship that much then you wouldn't go there.
I have problem with Shirazi.
If you want to keep this deal and friendship in tact then cancel your deal with Shirazi.
Didn't you talk to him?
He knows it very well that we have suffered a huge loss after our branch got burnt.
And we had to take someone on board after departure of Mr. Omer Hayat.
He has problem with Mr. Shirazi.
If he has an issue with Mr. Shirazi then why is he creating problem for us?
If he dislikes him then how is this connected to our business?
If he is our shareholder then it doesn't mean that he start to enforce his wishes on us.
He already knows very well that we are going through a big trauma.
What can I say?
I have tried my best to convince him but he is not even ready to listen and understand anything.
Whatever the case, he can't leave us alone in this difficult time. Let me talk to him.
Your dialed number is busy at the moment.
His number is busy at the moment.
I wasn't expecting such a childish decision from Hamza.
I wasn't expecting this from him too.
Anyways, don't worry.
Let me talk to him myself.
He can't make such a big decision alone. We also have invested a huge amount in this project.
Any decision will be made only with mutual understanding. You don't have to worry. OK?
Let's see.
Tell me why do you have crying expressions on your face and your mood is off as well?
Aren't you going to parlor?
I am going there. Actually, I have so much work load at office these days.
That's why you are feeling that way.
What do you mean? Haven't you taken leaves from office yet?
Not yet because I have so much work at office at the moment.
Hey my child, these task keep going on with life. Just take care of yourself.
Well, it's your wedding.
Sultana?
Exactly sister, I also advise her the same thing that she should stay fresh and take care of herself.
She shouldn't take work burden.
The condition of residents is same as the condition of this house.
It doesn't seem that there is a marriage about to be happen in this house.
Neither there is a drum or any dance or songs here.
What is going on here? I don't understand.
Sultana, she is so simple since her childhood.  She wont say anything by herself
but I know that every girl wants to get married with a big bang and have fun.
And Sulatan, listen to me very carefully that I want to hear the sound of drum beating when I will enter this house tomorrow.
OK.
My darling Nawal. I pray to God that may you always be happy and be safe from evil sight.
Amen. Amen.
Let me bring tea for you.
Hey, stop, stop.
Why will you make tea? Hmm? You don't have to do that. Ask maid to do that.
You are getting married my child. Think my child.
Sultana, you should ask Falak to stay here for few days.
She always mentions her sister but now she is not here on her sister's wedding event.
And it is not appropriate that the girl who is about to get married do household chores.
Sister, I have asked her and she will come within a day or two.
You please have a chat. I will be back.
May God bless her with a happy married life.
where are you?
Kabir I am waiting at Airport. Driver hasn't come yet.
Please pick me if you are free.
Falak I am very busy at the moment and I can't come.
OK. Then send driver quickly.
Driver can't come as well.
He has gone to workshop and it will some time. Hire a cab and come home.
What? Cab at this moment? Not at all Kabir.
Falak please don't disturb me. I am very worried.
You can come back just like you went in the cab.
What are you saying Kabir?
I am just saying what you are listening. Just hire a cab and come home.
Let's meet in the evening.
Greetings madam.
Where were you? Why was your number switched off?
I went to pick miss Hafsa from school. My battery got dead and my mobile switched off
When I asked you to pick me from airport then was that important to pick Hafsa from school or pick me from airport?
Mr. Kabir has assigned this task to pick miss Hafsa from school.
Give this to me. Leave it. Get lost from here.
They have hired useless people. They don't do anything.
Greetings madam, you are back?
No, you are seeing my soul.
Why are you starring at me? Bring water and coffee to my room and bring this bag as well.
Useless people.
Hello.
How are you?
I am fine
Let's have dinner together if you are free?
OK
Kabir
Kabir, why didn't you come to airport to pick me?
Do you know, I kept waiting for two hours but you didn't come.
I hadn't ask you to wait.
How can you be so cruel Kabir?
I know that you are angry and doing all this because I left without informing you.
Yes, I am angry. I am angry.
Falak I gave clarifications to everyone and faced everyone's taunts because of you.
I lied first time ever in my life to sister Aliya and brother Toqeer only because of you.
You don't fear God by I do have.
OK Kabir, I am apologizing so please forget this and stop fighting.
Is this a joke? Stop fighting, huh.
Falak, if you would have gone to other city in our own country then that would be a different thing.
That could be bearable.
But you went to Dubai by writing just a single note. You went to Dubai?
Falak, even parents don't bear such things.
Then how did you expect that I will forgive you?
What happened to you Kabir? I got suffocated in this room.
I got a chance to breathe freely and to go somewhere but you want that door to close as well.
Stop it's enough Falak.
You have so much and I have listened so much. Now listen to me.
You wont go out from this house without my permission from now onward.
Otherwise I will treat you in a bad way.
Now you are doing injustice Kabir.
Am I doing injustice? Am I doing injustice?
Why are you making noise? What happened Kabir?
Sister you?
Your voice is going downstairs. So much noise, I got worried.
What happened that you are talking so loudly? Hmm?
Nothing sister, we were just talking.
Falak, Kabir, I said to you. Right?
Now go and ask maid to bring water for her.
What happened?
He was angry because I went there alone.
He was right Falak. You should take rest instead of going for outing.
You shouldn't have gone there if Kabir didn't allow you.
I wanted to go somewhere. I asked him and he allowed me to go alone.
Why is he getting angry if I went there? First he allows me then doesn't admit that he allowed me.
I think he is doing this because of your words. He didn't say anything to me earlier.
OK, please stop crying. I will advise him. He wont get angry again. OK take rest now.
Let me see, she hasn't brought water yet.
I was thinking that we should have planned some celebration.
Celebration is must.
Celebration? But why?
Celebration for your promotion.
Shirazi has proved me low in front of you.
You must be feeling happy for that.
Hamza I feel pain when you talk to me in this tone.
And what about my pain?
The girl I love, she is standing with my enemy.
Hamza I can't even think about giving pain to you.
I will never want anything bad happen to you. How can I make you believe?
Oh really.
Then what was that to invite Shirazi on lunch to celebrate your promotion with him?
Do you have any idea that what was my condition when I got this news?
But how can you have any idea?
Hamza I didn't invite him there.
Wait a minute, how do you know that I met Shirazi when I went for lunch?
This world is very small Nawal. Such things never hide.
Hamza, I didn't invite him. He came there with a client.
I went there with mom and Falak on lunch.
Wow, what a wonderful coincidence.
At the same place where you went to lunch with your family, Shirazi also came there with client for meeting.
So what are you trying to say that I am lying to you?
I don't know.
You know what Nawal. I have thought so much about it.
I think both of us are very different from each other.
In fact both of us couldn't know each other at all.
No Hamza, you are same and I am same as well.
But there is a wall of misunderstanding between us.
Eat food, it's getting cold.
Kabir, why are you worried?
Why were you shouting on Falak like this?
You know that Toqeer was so angry and if he would listen your words then he would have been more angry.
Listen
I don't want to spoil the peace of our house.
You are sensible so please be careful.
I am doing all this to keep peace in this house.
I am sorry sister, it was just because of anger.
I know that you are worried because of business condition.
But it doesn't mean that we divert business frustration on our family members.
You should take care of Falak.
Kabir, don't talk to Falak in this tone again, please.
Right sister.
That much anger is not good for yourself as well.
Try to relax.
Hamza my child, I have invited both of them here by calling Sultana so that we resolve any misunderstanding if there is any.
Because this marriage can't be postponed. That's it.
Well, there is nothing left to be discussed now.
I wont forbid her to get job in any other company
but she will have to give resign from Shirazi group of companies.
Now whether you call this my stubbornness, egoistic issue or anything else.
Nawal my child, you should also realize the sensitivity of the matter.
He is not forbidding you to work in any other company but he has an issue with this company so it's complicated.
Get job in some other company. It's not a big deal.
You both have to spend life together by understanding each other.
My child, if this marriage got postponed or God forbid got cancel
then Sultana that will be so humiliating for both families.
Yes you are right.
These ups and downs will go on. He is not forbidding you to work anywhere else but don't work in this company.
Please try to understand.
Nawal my child.
OK
I am working on two projects at the moment which will be completed by next two weeks
then I will resign.
Here you go.
Well done. You exaggerated such a minor thing so much.
That's why it is said that we should talk to resolve issued by sitting together.
When you will come here after marriage then we both will take revenge from him.
Now say sorry to my daughter because you bothered her so much.
No aunt, no problem.
Nawal.
Don't lock yourself in your room again. There are so many things to do.
Yes tell me what to do?
Well, we have to pick wedding cards and jewelry.
Tailor has been calling continuously, we have to give him things.
OK, I will pick cards and jewelry tomorrow when I was returning from office and you go to tailor.
This laughing face and smile I wanted to see on your face.
My girl.
By the way you have done so much injustice to me.
Which injustice?
If you would have agreed earlier then I didn't have to spend so much painful days.
Really?
How do I tell you about my condition?
If I wasn't agreeing then you should have agreed with me.
This is a bit difficult for me.
You know about it that if anything seems difficult to me then it becomes difficult to do.
Can I tell you something?
Hmm.
I had already decided that I wont do any job after marriage.
What?
Then why didn't you tell me?
You didn't give me chance to tell you. You gave me an ultimatum
that if slave wants to stay alive then will have to obey the order of king.
You have bothered me so much by the way.
I didn't bother you.
I got hurt by your words. If you have spent your days in pain then I also have spent my so many nights sleepless.
Mama and sister are right, I am very quick to do anything.
I am sorry Nawal, I have hurt you so much.
No, no, no, I wont forgive you that easily.
First you will have to take me to dinner then you will have to take me to shopping then go for a long drive because the weather is so beautiful.
As you wish. Anything else?
I am very tired.
Well, wedding cards will come tomorrow.
OK.
Did you talk to Hamza? He had to check the measurements of his wedding suit.
Yes mama I talked to him.
He said that he will go there in the evening.
Thankfully, this tension is gone. You know I was so scared because of his stubbornness.
Hey mama, why are you worried.
As I told you that Nawal is a very sensible girl and she knows how to maintain relationships.
I can only pray.
Hello, yes I am speaking. Who is there?
Brother Haroon, yes, yes.
Today?
How has that happened? Is Naveen also with him?
Naveen my child? What has doctor said?
I want to talk to her. Brother Haroon. Let me talk to her once. I want to talk to her.
Mama.
What happened my child?
Mama Raheel has got an accident and Naveen was also with him.
What are they saying? Are they alright?
She is too young mama.
Nothing will happen to him. Don't worry. Let me ask Hamza to book tickets. You go and pack your stuff.
Kabir, how long will your anger remain?
Until you don't promise to me that you wont do any such thing which will cause embarrassment to me.
Party? But Maria it is very difficult for me to go out of the house at the moment. I wont be able to come.
No way, no excuses.
Well, this party has been arranged for you and if you wont come then there will be no party.
I think this color will suit you. This one?
Yes.
OK, let's buy this if you like.
I am buying dresses of your choice before marriage but I will buy dresses of my choice after marriage.
You will wear dresses of choice even after marriage.
If you are wearing for me then choice will also be mine.
OK then what about my choice?
I am your choice. Right?
I am just kidding. You can wear whatever you want.
I like this one. Take it.
It's mama's call. What's up mama?
What?
What are you saying?
Yes I am coming. I am coming.
Is everything alright Hamza?
Brother Raheel has got an accident.
What? When and how?
Just a while ago.
Nawal is it possible that you hire a cab and go home?
Hamza, I am going with you. Sister needs us. Let's go.
Let's go.
Why are you crying sister? God willing everything will be fine.
Nothing will happen to brother Raheel.
You will see that he will be alright.
I was feeling since last few days that something bad is about to happen and now it has happened.
If anything happens to him then I wont be able to live.
Don't worry, nothing will happen to him.
He will recover and will be with us within a few days.
Are you sure Hamza? Nothing will happen to him?
Nothing. Just be patient and pray for him.
Absolutely, God never refuses prayers.
My daughter has got such a big problem for no reason.
Aunt, control yourself, if you will give up then who will take care of sister?
How is Naveen?
She has got some injuries.
Doctor said that she is out of danger.
Sister, please control yourself.
You have to control yourself for the sake of Naveen. She is alone there. Have you talked to her?
Talk to her and give her courage. 
She will be broken if she will see you crying like this.
Hamza you did good by bringing Nawal with you. Thank you. 
No, it's OK aunt.
Who called from there? 
A friend of Raheel called her.
His number is saved on Nazish's phone. I will share with you.
 Hamza, book our tickets so that we can go there.
OK.
Hamza.
Please stop crying. Please stop crying.
Greetings.
I am not that bad that you are not responding to my greetings.
Greetings.
Kabir, what happened?
 Neither you talk to me when you leave nor you talk to me when you come back.
What difference does it make to you?
What are you talking about? You are my husband.
If you wont talk to me and become angry with me then why doesn't that make difference to me? 
How long will your anger continue?
Until you promise me that you wont do any act like this again which cause embarrassment to me. Till then.
I have accepted your desire. 
I stay alone in this house whole day.
I keep thinking all the time that how can I please you. 
Some weird thoughts come to my mind.
Please end this anger. I am sorry.
OK. If you have realized then anger is over.
OK then look at me with smiling face. And tell me with a smile that you are not angry with me.
That's great. You are looking tired. Do I make coffee for you? OK.
I will bring that.
Please book the tickets in first available flight. It's urgent.
OK
Have you discussed with someone in Canada?
Yes, I have talked to my friend and asked him to go there and give me update.
Nazish wont get relax until she will reach there. 
She is hysterical and we have to take her there very quickly. Please do something.
I'm trying
Hamza what happened? Why are you sitting here?
Nothing.
With whom were you talking over phone?
That was a friend's call.
What was he saying? Is brother Raheel feeling alright?
Brother Raheel is no more.
Hamza I am so sorry.
 I am unable to understand what to do? 
How will I tell this to my sister?
How will she be able to bear such a big trauma? I am unable to understand anything.
And what about Naveen?
You don't have to worry I am with you. We will tell her together. 
No, you wont tell her at all.
I can't do that. 
Nawal please. Sister wont be able to bear all this.
You will have to control yourself.
Don't tell her anything. 
OK. talk to her yourself.
Hamza.
Nawal flight has been confirmed. We are leaving for airport.
Did you tell sister?
Not yet.
Listen, take very good care of her. She needs you at the moment. 
Don't leave her alone and stay with her.
Take good care of yourself Nawal. I will call you when I reach there. 
OK.
Take care.
Kabir. Falak.
What happened? Where is your phone Kabir? Nawal is calling you for so long. 
My phone is here. It's on silent mode.
Is everything alright? Is mama alright?
Yes she is alright thanks to God.
Nazish's husband has passed away. 
What?
When and how? 
Nawal was calling you to tell this. 
He got a serious accident last night.
This is really a bad news. Let me call Hamza.
It's of no use, they have left for Canada.
You will call him when he will land there.
Kabir please drop me at home. Sister Nawal's condition must be crying badly.
Yes take her there. 
OK. Come quickly. I am ready and waiting for you. Come. OK.
Nawal my child. You have been sitting here for so long.
You didn't sleep whole night and didn't eat anything as well. 
You will fall ill because of that. Get up and eat something.
How can I eat mom? 
Such a big incident has happened. It's like a torment to them.
Yes it is. 
Pray to God. Everything will be alright. Raheel will recover God willing.
No prayer will benefit him now mom.
I didn't tell you that brother Raheel has passed away.
We all belong to God and we will return to Him.
You are telling me now Nawal? You didn't even tell me.
I didn't have the courage to tell you mom.
Just pray for his forgiveness. 
May God give patience to Nazish.
May God forgive him.
My child.
No mama, it is not possible.
This is not possible. Raheel can't leave me.
It's God's will my child. 
He promised me to stay with me for ever.
How can he leave me like this mama? 
Have courage my child.
Take deep breathes. 
Sister please control yourself.
Hamza I will die without Raheel. Mama.
Think about your daughter. 
Sister, if it would be in my authority then I wouldn't let anything happen to your happiness.
We can't do anything in front of God's will.
God gave him that much life. 
Uncle, uncle. 
My child.
Sister, not for us just control yourself for her sake. 
Stop crying my child.
Such a big trauma and that too right before your marriage.
 I feel really sad when I think about that.
Hey what happened to you Nawal. I considered you so brave.
My daughter is very brave. Am I right Nawal?
There is something better for us in every act of God and it is revealed after some days.
But even then, such a big incident right before marriage. Such a big trauma for sister Nazish and sister Nawal.
And after this incident this marriage is not possible.
Why it is not possible?
It was just an incident happened with God's will. 
May God give them patience. Everything will be done as per planning after a couple of months. 
God willing.
And Nawal, don't worry. You are so nice.
God does well to good people and I strongly believe that.
Thank you Aliya. 
Falak, bring some refreshment.
No Falak, don't do that. I have to go somewhere, I will come again later.
Falak stay with Nawal for few days. She needs you.
Yes, I was thinking the same thing.
Call Kabir when you want to come back. 
Yes.
Nawal, please take good care of yourself and be courageous.
Hello. 
I am Kabir.
How are you Kabir?
 I am really sorry to hear that.
I am in shock ever since I have heard that.
Everyone is feeling like that.
How are sister Nazish and Naveen? 
They are alright.
Hamza, please tell me if you need any kind of help regarding company matters. And don't worry about here.
Thank you. I will tell you if I need anything.
You said out of anger that day that our friendship is over but to me you are still my best friend. 
Sorry buddy, I said so much out of anger that day.
No problem.
I feel really good that you called me.
Take care of yourself.
Sure. Bye.
Hello, what's up Maria?
The post production work is going on regarding the advertisement you have shot.
I have just seen. You are looking like barbie doll.
Do you know Falak, I haven't seen such a beautiful look of a new girl
That will be On Air next week. The teasers and photos have been uploaded on web page. See that.
Thank you Maria. Thank you so much. Thank you.
Only thanks is not enough. You will have to give us treat.
Why not, whenever you want.
At the moment boss has arranged a party tomorrow night. I will message you the venue details.
Party? But Maria, it is very difficult for me to go out of house. I wont be able to come.
 No way, no excuses.
This party has been arranged for you. And there will be no party if you wont come.
OK let me try but I can't confirm. 
No Falak you have to come otherwise boss will become angry.
OK bye.