What happened? Tell me.
Don't contact me again now.
Change your habit to make fun of me everywhere.
If you couldn't convince me then you asked your mother to call me.
To me you are like Kabir.
I never thought about separating you and Kabir nor to make you unhappy.
I know.
You forced me to come here and tell everything to aunt.
I hate you so much that you can't even think.
What am I doing?
You have invited her intentionally and now you are trying to engage her with me.
I am understanding all your planning.
I know what is right for me and what is wrong. And I don't want to do job at the moment.
You are my fiance.
You every decision will effect lives of both of us.
Perhaps you don't have an idea about it.
That much irresponsibility Javaid? How can anyone show so much irresponsibility?
You left a little girl alone in car. It's the limit.
It was my mistake sir, I thought to buy some things and miss Hafsa never got out of car like that but today.
Check the surrounding area, she must be around. Where can my daughter go?
We have searched the whole area, Aliya but she is nowhere.
I don't know Toqeer bring my daughter back. Why are you standing here? Go and find her.
Control yourself, I have informed police and they will be arriving soon.
What are you talking about? How can I control myself.
Just calm down.
Salman has arrived.
Hey Salman
Toqeer
Don't worry, we will find Hafsa, I have deputed police everywhere.
Tell me if you have any doubt on someone or any enemy?
Salman I have no enemy and I never fought with anyone.
Have you ever had a business conflict or any matter like that?
Have you fought with someone sister?
Salman, I am telling you that there is no such thing. I would have told you if there was any such thing.
Look, there are some competitors in business who exploits such opportunities.
I am asking all of this to find some clue.
We haven't fought with anyone and we don't have any enemy, please find my daughter.
Do we have any enemy? Sister we are trying very hard.
Aliya, control yourself
You don't worry and go home. Toqeer take sister home.
God willing we will recover Hafsa very soon. OK.
What was he saying?
Let's go home and talk about it.
If I didn't get my daughter then I will die.
How are you so calm?
Aliya, I talk to them, just pray to God may he do better for us.
I don't know whether she would have eaten something or not. Bring my daughter back. I don't need water.
You are looking beautiful.
Thank you.
I don' know why sister is not receiving my call? I am calling her for so long.
Sister, are you crying?
Why are you crying, tell me?
Kabir, Hafsa.. Hafsa?
What happened to Hafsa?
Kabir Hafsa has been lost somewhere. I don't know in which condition she would be?
What?
What are you talking about sister?
Let me talk to brother Toqeer.
Toqeer talk to him.
What's up Kabir?
I will call you back, IG is calling me.
Brother Toqeer.
What happened to Hafsa Kabir? What were they saying?
I don't know, sister was crying and saying that Hafsa has been lost somewhere.
What? How has she lost?
I don't understand.
Do one thing, just pack the luggage. Let me check if there is any flight available.
Relax Kabir, they will find Hafsa.
I am checking flights. Please do pack things.
Kabir
Brother Toqeer, any news on Hafsa?
No Kabir, no news as yet.
Brother please talk to I.G. Police won't get active like this. If you say, I will talk to him.
Kabir, I have talked to Salman and he ensured that they will find Hafsa.
Just pray for her. When is your flight?
I have booked tomorrow morning's flight after so much effort. We are packing things up.
Kabir, Salman is calling me. I will call you back.
Hello what's up Salman?
What?
In which hospital?
Yes, I am just coming. Bye.
What happened Toqeer? Is my daughter alright?
I don't know, she is in hospital. Let's go.
Where is Mr. Salman?
Salman. Please tell me, my daughter is alright?
She is just unconscious, doctors are giving her treatment.
Take me to her, she will get better when she will see me. Where is she? Aliya?
Let me see once.
Be patient and pray for her.
She is fine now. You can take her home after a while.
Try to take good care of her. She is in trauma at the moment.
Thank you doctor.
Thank you.
Salman, you have given us a new life.
I am unable to understand that how do I thank you buddy.
I can't repay this favor of yours for the rest of my life.
If you want to thank then don't thank me, he is Mr. Mubarak,
thank him that she brought Hafsa to hospital.
It's his favor that he brought Hafsa to hospital and informed police as well.
Sir, thank you so very much.
God will give you good reward for this.
No need to thanks, you have got your daughter, take care of her. Good bye.
What happened Aliya? Why are you crying now?
What would I do if anything happened to my daughter?
No.
God is very merciful.
We never did bad and wrong to anyone till date.
We never hurt anyone, rather we always took care of everyone.
They how could God snatch the biggest and cutest thing of our life?
He sees everything and never let His servants hopeless.
So wipe out your tears and thank God.
That we got our daughter back safe and sound.
Did you inform Kabir?
Yes, I talked to him.
Oh, in fact he is calling me. I will be back.
Did you miss uncle?
So much.
If you will ever get off the car then I will teach you lesson.
What happened brother?
By the way when I called and told you that we have found Hafsa and she is alright then why did you come back?
And that too so quickly like this. You should have stayed there for few more days.
You are talking about staying there for few more days, I can't tell you how have I passed a single minute there?
I was so anxious to come back.
And you that Hafsa is so attached to me. She is my life.
By the way, it was sister's mistake.
Whatever the reason she should have gone to pick Hafsa.
What was the need to send driver no matter how important work was.
Exactly.
Exactly, I said to her that she should have gone there herself.
Sister has put the burden of every responsibility on her shoulders.
No one is bigger than his own children for us.
Get away the business. Am I right Kabir?
This is not the case Falak.
Sister fulfills her every responsibility very well, whether it is related to office or home.
Whatever has happened, it was my mistake.
If I were here then sister wouldn't have faced this problem.
I shouldn't have gone. I am sorry sister.
Why is this your mistake, our trip was already planned?
Whatever the case may be but a mother can handle responsibility of children better than anyone.
Business responsibilities can be handled by anyone.
Falak is absolutely right. Family always comes first than business.
Hafsa is responsibility of all of us,
not only sister's.
Sister, from now on I will pick Hafsa from school.
OK
Well, it's too late now. You are tired. Take some rest and then we will meet at dinner.
Sure.
Kabir you should go with her. How will she unpack things alone? Hafsa come here my child.
Sister ask maid to bring tea upstairs.
OK I will tell her.
Ask Nasreen to give them tea upstairs.
Nasreen.
If two persons will earn together then they can live their life comfortably and do some savings as well.
When two persons are sharing their lives with each other then why can't they share expenses?
I have just started an IT company and I need your support.
I thought that I will ask you to take loan from your company. I need a huge investment.
Nawal, you are sitting here and I was searching you in whole house.
What happened? Is everything alright? Why are you so quiet?
Should I tell mom about Asad? No.
Mom's health is not good. She must be more worried.
Nawal
Yes
Are you worried my child?
No, my head was aching so I sat here. Tell me, do you want something?
Yes
I was going to doctor for checkup so I thought to ask you whether you will go with me?
But leave it now, you have an head ache, take rest I will go myself.
No, no.
No, there is no severe head ache, I will go with you. Just give me five minutes, I will be back.
Sure?
Yes of course.
Hamza
Yes
You won't go to your room without listening to me.
What happened? Tell me, is everything alright?
You can't hide your sorrow by pretending as you don't know anything.
I have asked you so many times that what's the problem? But you didn't tell me.
Why are you angry? Why are you distant from me?
Talk to me, I am worried. You are self prison.
I can't see you like this my child.
What happened tell me?
Son.
When fate closes one door then that shouldn't be knocked again and again. I tried to make you love your fate.
But I failed.
I have understood this, you should also understand this as well. Move on with your life.
Don't do this to yourself, please.
My son, I have chosen Areej for you.
Both of you will stay very happy together. Trust me. Please.
But your trip was just started. You came back so early?
Yes, because of sister Aliya.
We came back because of sister Aliya.
She pretends to be miss perfect but we faced the consequences of her mistake.
What do you mean? What happened?
Hafsa was lost and very next second sister called Kabir and cried so tell me, could Kabir stay there for a single second?
So we came back. Who does this? She called Kabir,
that was not a big incident that she informed whole city. No one was dead, they could find her.
That was not a big thing.
What are you talking about Falak?
She is her only daughter and it's not a minor thing for her that her daughter get lost.
Stop it sister Nawal, you don't know the conspiracies of sister Aliya.
She should have thought about us, we are recently married but no
everyone is concerned about sister Aliya, everyone follows her.
Whatever sister, I will talk to you at home. Pay my greetings to mom. Bye.
Aliya, I am noticing you that you are so depressed. Thank God Hafsa is alright.
Toqeer I am not upset because of Hafsa.
Then what's the reason?
You and me are together for so long. You know me very well.
You can testify that it's part of my nature that I want to keep everything perfect around me, my house,
my family and my relations.
But I am failed in Falak's matter.
What do you mean? Why are you mentioning Falak here?
I feel that I made a mistake in understanding Falak.
She was talking on phone with someone, I heard her discussion.
I can't tell you that how suspicious she is about me.
She was saying that I have created this drama only to bring her and Kabir back from honeymoon. What?
I am really sad about it that I can't tell you.
As much as Kabir is dear to me, Falak is that much dear to me too.
I can't think bad about her but she is thinking so much
Aliya I know, she has just come to this house.
Give her some time. She will understand your sincerity and love. Give her sometime.
You know it very well that I am not negative.
I have tried to deal Falak in a positive way.
But now I am feeling scared that due to these misconceptions Falak might cause some damage. Sister.
What has Falak said to you?
Hey Kabir, when did you come? Come sit here.
Listen sister.
If you wouldn't tell me then I have heard your words.
I am feeling sad that how can Falak think like that. And why didn't you tell me this earlier?
There was no such thing which I would tell you. It's just her misunderstanding.
And I will talk to her and correct everything. Don't worry.
No sister you have always been doing this and you will be doing this and keep hiding from me.
I am sad that you have got hurt because of Falak and I can't endure that.
I should talk to her.
Kabir, Kabir listen. Kabir
She will apologize to you for her act.
And this is my order.
I can't sell this house.
Falak is married in a very rich family, she doesn't need anything and she won't ask for her share.
I am not in favor of selling this house at all.
What have you said to sister Aliya?
What do you mean? I haven't said anything to her. What happened?
Don't lie.
Go and see.
What is going on in your mind?
What is the misunderstanding and misconception among you, tell me about that, I will remove that.
Why are you angry Kabir? I am unable to understand anything, what happened?
It should be enough for you to understand that sister Aliya is like a mother to me.
She arranged our marriage with so much love so I expect this from you that you accept this relationship happily.
OK, what do you think that I don't give importance to relations and I didn't give respect to this relation?
Because you are discussing things with others for no reason
and sister Aliya got hurt because of that and I can't bear that.
What happened to him Toqeer?
It's their personal matter, how can I intervene?
Aliya. Aliya
I didn't do anything like that. You must have been misunderstood or she has provoked you against me.
Mind you language Falak.
If I wouldn't ask sister Aliya today then she didn't tell me.
She would hide your acts today as well.
Kabir
What happened to you? Why are you getting so hyper?
You must be feeling so happy.
You must be very peaceful by seeing us fight like this.
No Falak I can't even think that way.
Don't lie.
What did I say to you? Tell Kabir. Why are you lying?
Falak.
Behave yourself, you are blaming sister Aliya in front of me.
Apologize to her.
Apologize to her.
When I didn't do anything then why do I apologize? I won't apologize.
Kabir just keep quiet. I don't want any apology and I don't have any complains as well. Now end this fight.
Sister, she will apologize for her act.
And this is my order.
OK fine.
If she will feel proud due to my apology then I apologize to her.
I will be careful next time that you don't get hurt because of my actions.
This is a forceful apology. You have done injustice to me.
You shouldn't have done this, she is angry. Now go and please her.
Sister, to avoid anything bad in future, it was good that has happened today, so please relax.
Now Falak has known that what is your value in this house for me?
How much toxic sister Aliya is, I can't even tell you.
Really? I consider her as a very nice woman.
Yes there must be a misunderstanding. Aliya can't be like that.
This is the problem.
She pretends to be so sweet in front of everyone.
But she is so bitter from inside. Everything is a lie and show off.
She keep creating hindrances in my happiness after my marriage.
She doesn't want to see me happy with Kabir.
I don't know why she is so jealous.
She keeps Kabir busy in work all the time and keeps him busy all the time so that he can't pass time with me.
Why didn't you tell us about it earlier, Falak?
How would I tell you? I didn't want you to get worried.
Despite I was so worried but I thought that it was my house's matter so I will handle it myself.
My God knows that how I am passing my life there with sister Aliya.
Doesn't Kabir take care of you?
Kabir
He gets angry if I say anything about sister Aliya.
He doesn't take care of me. He asks me to apologize for minor things.
If anything happens then he says, go and apologize to sister Aliya.
Apology?
You are not helpless Falak, I will talk to Aliya myself. She can't do this to you.
No mom, there is no need for that.
If you will talk to her than the matter will get complex and my married life will be suffered.
It's my domestic matter, I will handle it myself.
I was feeling so said today that's why I shared my feelings with you.
Falak don't hide anything, we are with you.
Yes
So quickly? It's not possible to manage it so quickly.
Why?
But you were insisting on quick marriage earlier.
Aunt, earlier the situation was different. I have started a new company.
All my savings have been utilized, I need more funds and I am arranging that.
And we live in a rented house.
So, it will take some time to buy our own house.
Sister Sultana, it's my first son's marriage.
And you know how much a mother desires about her son's marriage.
You forbade us on engagement but I will manage wedding function in a good way.
Yes
I can understand the desires of a mother and I have so many wishes regarding Nawal's marriage too.
And I will leave nothing.
I will fulfill my each desire, God willing.
Aunt, I am against dowry.
But what do I do? Situation is so uncertain these days.
If you don't have your own house then dower (things) will become garbage.
Sister Sultana, Asjad is absolutely right, the house should be our own.
By the grace of God, Nawal has lived her life very happily.
It belongs to you but everything will go to your daughter. Am I right?
I didn't understand your point.
Transfer the ownership of this house to Nawal.
We will get the house and your desire of giving dower will also be fulfilled.
My property?
What are you thinking after Asjad's opinion.
Aren't you thinking that we are greedy for your house?
I have already told you about my problems. I have nothing in hand at the moment. 
How will I keep her happy?
Sister Sultana, Asjad is absolutely right. 
We have utilized everything for business and we need more funds.
Consider this as our compulsion.
And if it is not possible then let's delay marriage for two years.
Two years? 
But two years is a very long period sister Nosheen.
My life is not certain, I want to see Nawal married and living happily in her house.
This is my only wish.
Then sell this house and give that amount as a loan to Asjad.
What?
What are you talking about?
There is nothing to worry. Son-in-law is also a son if someone consider it. 
And I am only asking her to give that amount as a loan.
You are right but whatever I own belongs to my both daughters.
I can't sell this house.
Falak is married in a rich family. She doesn't need all this. She won't ask you for her share as well.
I am not in favor of selling this house at all.
Mom, just leave them.
I don't need their money. I will arrange myself.
 I don't want to take any favor from them. Let's go.
Don't be so angry. Let me talk.
What will you talk? Everything is clear. Nothing is left. 
We have agreed with them every time and now if we are demanding then they are making excuses.
Don't get angry. Let me talk.
Sister Sultana, don't mind on Asjad's words.
Look, relatives support their relatives in need.
You are right but?
For whom Asjad is doing this? For Nawal and her good future.
Now decision will be yours, we will be waiting for your call. Let's go.
What happened? In which tone you were talking to them?
 You will destroy the whole game in this way.
I don't like your aggressive behavior.
 If I wouldn't have tackled that matter wisely then this matter would have been ended.
I didn't like to repeat same thing again and again.
We have left the ball in their court and they will inform us what they want, it's simple. 
It's not that simple which you are assuming.
I told you that let me handle this matter myself but no, you had to do what you want. 
If I would have handled this matter then this would have been closed.
Don't worry, this matter will be resolved. Just wait and see.
I feel that they will refuse.
It's not that simple. 
I know that they won't refuse.
If it comes to breaking relationships then anyone gets ready to pay a huge amount to save his honor 
and this is just a matter of a house.
I thought that I will discuss regarding marriage and they will agree immediately.
I couldn't even imagine that they will raise a demand like this.
Mom, Asjad has discussed with me earlier regarding money.
He was asking me to take loan from my company but I resigned before that. 
Why didn't you tell me earlier Nawal?
I didn't want to upset you.
Mom, didn't we made mistake in recognizing Asjad and his family?
What do you mean?
I mean, earlier they were refusing to take dowry and now they are demanding all this.
Don't you worry my child.
I will call Arfa today, 
I will know the reality after talking to her.