Nawal? What happened? Has Hamza left?
yes!
Is this Mr. Kabeer's wife? Madam Falaq?
Yes, she's the one. But since when has she started modeling?
What did you say?
Nothing sir ..
Falaq, you are new hot topic in town
I don't believe that we got such good response.
10 advertising agencies have called me since morning. They want to hire you
Are you kidding?
No! Not at all .. That's the truth. I'm not joking
I don't believe it
Believe it, Falaq. Didn't I tell you that I'd change your fate
Do you know that people work hard for years for this position.
And you became successful so soon.
I understand, but do you know this is all your effort. You deserve all the credit
Otherwise, I could never think of entering this field.
That's right. But do not forget that I got this opportunity for you.
Trust me, I'm not ungrateful. I'll always remember
Falaq, take time out and come to office. Boss was saying that we'll handle all your adds.
Shoes, payments, e.t.c.  I hope you have no issue?
Not at all. Its a great thing. This way, I'd be stress less
Then I'll get your contract ready
Maria, I had a request. I don't want to work a lot. I'll do only selective work which is a good one.
Of course. Even I know that. I don't want to effect your market value.
Thank you! Bye
Kabir, you are back from office? Is everything alright?
have you lost your honor?
What happened? I don't know anything
You don't? If you don't know anything then what is this?
What is this?
Kabir, I wanted to surprise you. Did you see the shoot?
Maria, just called and told me that a lot of companies want to sign me up, and hire me as a lead role. I'm very happy Kabir.
No one in our family has ever tried to do this. How dare you to do it, Falaq?
What has happened Kabir, It was just a photo shoot. What's wrong in it?
Wrong? Whatever you did, you did it without my consent
Falaq, decent families don't do these things
What are you saying? Educated and decent girls are also working in this field.
I thought you'd support me, Kabir
No way. I will never support you.
And the educated girls you are talking about aren't my wives. I have no relation with them. Enough Falaq. End this now
You too end it, Kabir. You are always ..
What is it? Why are you getting angry?
Sister, look at him. The way Kabir is shouting at me.
Kabir?
I'm not shouting for no reason. Let me tell you why I'm angry
Look at this. This is the reason I'm getting angry at
Falaq?
I can swear sister! I can't do this on my own.
I asked Kabir before doing this all. And now he's acting as if he doesn't know anything
What are you saying Falaq?
I never knew that you are going to do this. I never permitted you.
How can you say that Kabir? The other night at dinner, you said I can do anything I want.
I told you that I get bored at home, and you asked me to find an activity
After your permission, I got agreed for this photo shoot.
Sister, no one gets this boost. How could I miss this big chance? Kabir, what has happened to you?
Falaq, have you gone mad?
Kabir, be quiet! Please be quiet, Kabir.
Falaq?
Falaq?
Falaq? Are you alright? Falaq?
Be quiet, Kabir!
Falaq? Falaq? Falaq? Call doctor, sister.
Yes, I am ..
Doctor, isn't it something to worry about?
It isn't. She fainted because of stress. She'll be conscious in sometime.
I'm writing some medicines. Give them to her regularly and take care of her diet.
Please do not say anything that will stress her out. Its not good to take stress in this condition.
Thank you!
I'll see you off. Noor, pick her bag. Come
Falaq, thank God that you conscious.
What happened to me?
Nothing. You fainted suddenly
There is no need to get up. Doctor said, that you need rest
Kabir, I'm having a bad headache. Something is happening
Keep lying. Doctor said that you should rest
You take rest. I'll send soup for you
Thank you sister!
Kabir, you sit with me. I'll feel better
Greetings sister!
Greetings! What am I seeing? Pictures of our daughter in laws will be published on magazines now?
What? What are you talking about sister?
These are Falaq's pictures. She had a shoot for magazine
Sister, I'm sure there must be a misconception. Falaq can't do this
There isn't. I have magazine in my hands. This is her picture.
I called Aliya. We also have daughters in our houses.
No one has ever done this. Go and talk to her, and explain it to her. Why does she want to spoil our reputation?
Okay! Right!
Hello?
Falaq, did you have a shoot for magazine?
So you have watched it too.
I feel I made the biggest mistake of my life by doing this photo shoot
Leave it! No one cares about my feelings here
What happened?
Sister Aliya has brainwashed Kabir against me. He's upset now
didn't you take permission from Kabir?
I did. How could I take such step without her permission? Infact, he was so happy.
Let me tell you something Falaq,
pictures are amazing. You look wonderful. Just like a model
Really? You liked them?
Yes, a lot. You looked so pretty
Thank you! Do you know the owner of the agency was telling me that a lot of companies want to hire me as a lead role
But I can't do that. I did this just like that. I didn't know I'd be praised a lot
I'm very happy for you.
But Falaq, whatever you do, don't stress yourself. Okay?
Yes, I won't. Tell me about mother? How is she?
She's fine. She'd be very happy when I'll tell her.
Do take care of yourself
Yes, I will. Bye
bye!
Greetings auntie, How are you?
Greetings! I'm fine. How are you?
I'm fine. Where is Nawal?
She's inside. Let me call her. You come inside
I'm in rush. There is lots to do at home. I have brought few things for Nawal. Give them to her to check
Look Nawal is here ..
Nawal!
Greetings! How are you?
I'm fine.
I'm fine
When did you come?
Just now. I'm going back now.
Sit! I'll send tea
Come, sit ..
Nawal, you haven't visited since many days
I'm very busy at office. I come back home and occupied with house chores. I didn't get time
Hamza stays busy for the whole day, and you too. What's the matter?
It wasn't the case earlier. Now what? You used to have lunch or dinner together
I told you, I don't get time. How's auntie?
Mother is fine too. I have got few things for you
It wasn't needed sister
I have got these things for you with love. Keep them. Its been late, I'll leave now.
Have tea.
some other day. You sit. I'll leave
It was Saira sister calling. She was very angry.
Kabir, I'm amazed that how could you give permission to Falaq to take this step?
Brother I didn't. She misunderstood me. Sister, I only asked her to keep herself busy. I didn't ask her to do this
If you didn't permit her, then how could she dare to do this?
Tauqeer, why are you so hyper?
I shouldn't? What are you saying?
Its spread everywhere in the family. Because of Falaq, I'm feeling so embarrassed and can't face anyone
what's done is done
Now that Falaq has taken this step, we can't force her on gun point.
We'll explain it to her with love. She'll understand
Either you explain it to her with love or strictness, whichever way, but make it clear to her that we won't tolerate it next time
She isn't well.
Kabir talked to her in anger and she fainted.
God forbidden is something happens, you'd regret your whole life.
That's great. This is how she'll keep doing whatever she'd want.
Explain this to her clearly that this won't be tolerated again. Understood?
Yes, brother! I will explain it to her
Look, talk to her politely. You don't have to be harsh
Nawal, I think we should end this matter now
I think sister and mother is feeling that something is going between us
They both haven't said anything to me yet but I don't want them to find out anything, so please ..
Tell me what have you decided?
Its obvious that I would also want it to end
Great, then you won't go on job from tomorrow so resign
Hamza, I can't resign.
The way your gut feeling is telling you that something is wrong mine is telling me that nothing is wrong.
You try to understand and listen to me once
Look, I'm sure that after meeting Mr. Sherazi, you'd find out that he's actually a good person, and this is all a misunderstanding.
I'm sorry, I have no such plan.
I stay away from my enemies, and do not have tea with them
Anyways, its better we solve this matter before our wedding otherwise it will be difficult
How are you now?
I'm having a continuous headache
Brother tauqeer was upset that why didn't I permit you
Kabir, trust me, I just wanted to keep myself busy.
Otherwise, I didn't have any wrong intention
What's done is done.
I'm sure now you won't do any such thing that would cause problem for you, me and our to be born child
Are you understanding?
You also make a promise that you won't yell at me
When you talked to me like that, I started having anxiety.
Yes, I had an idea. It won't happen again
Sister Aliya was getting angry that I should have been more careful
I don't want to drink.
you have to even if you don't want to
Fine, put it down. I'll have it after a while
Not at all. Drink it in front of me. You aren't taking care of yourself. Infact, I'll feed you myself.
Kabir!
Come on, sit up. And have this
I don't want to. Please, put it down
You just had one sip. One more
Kabir?
A little more
Come in
Sir, Mr. Malik is asking for a high rate.
I don't think so anyone would give him this much money
Call him for meeting, I'll talk to him. No one else should get this land
Okay sir, as you say
Auntie called sister Aliya and asking her to send you. If you feel okay, do visit them
I will once I'm better
Do with the driver. Don't go alone. I'll ask the driver
Kabir, why are you being over protective?
I'm fine. Don't worry
Its my duty to take of you. You can call it being over protective. Have your breakfast
As you say
Bye!
Bye!
I liked this land. We'll try to fulfill your demand
I have lots of parties who are interested in this land.
But I talked to you first. I have already informed you the rate
Fine, my manager will talk to you
Okay!
See you. Thank you!
You're welcome
Javed? Javed?
Yes madam?
give me car keys
Mr. Kabir asked me not to allow you to go anywhere alone
Don't take Mr. Kabir's tension. Give me the key. I'll talk to him
But madam, he'll get angry at me
I told you that I will talk to him
wow! You are here today
Greetings!
Greetings! I'm sorry, I was busy in a meeting this is why I'm late.
Tell me what do you want? Tea or coffee?
No, thank you so much!
What will you have? You are here for the first time
I'll have coffee then
Bring 2 coffee
Yes!
You already know my purpose of coming here. We have already talked on call.
We have talked to 2 other people regarding this project, but I want you to invest in Kabeer Food.
You are interested in Food business
We also want an investor who trusts us and doesn't backup. Otherwise, you already know us better
I came to know that Hamza is also with you in this. He's also looking after your Dubai project?
You are right. Hamza has 10% shares
Fine! I'll invest whatever you'd say but I have a condition
What is it?
umm ..You'll give me 20% shares in the company
20%?
These are a lot
Why? you and Kabir already have 70% shares.
If you'd give me 20% you would still have more than 50%
I'll talk to Kabir, but I don't think so he's agree
hmm .. fine then I'm fine with 15 % too. I can give you cheque even now
Thank you so much. I'm really appreciate your trust.
Let me discuss it with my team first then lets see what they say. We'll decide according to that
As you wish
Have coffee at least
Some other day. I'm in rush right now
I'll wait for your call
Thank you!
Falaq, I told you not to go alone.
I had to go to mother. I couldn't take driver
I'll come at night. What will he do there the whole day?
Still, I'm worried about you. You aren't well
I'm fine Kabir. You work in office without tension
As if it works after you said
Falaq please, don't do it next time. Okay?
Hi Falaq, how are you? Good to see you
thank you!
Bring coffee for madam Falaq and bring the contract too
Maria, there is a problem.
I can't sign the new contract. Kabir isn't agreeing
What? What are you saying?
Don't you know the loss I'd bear if you won't sign the contract?
I can understand
But he doesn't like it. He doesn't want me to do this all
Falaq, read it once
This field has more money than you can imagine.
Also, it has fame. Girls do a lot to achieve this all, and you are getting everything just like that
Falaq, you aren't a slave. You are beautiful and educated.
What is the need to be a slave to your husband the whole life?
This is the age and time. Enjoy your life and live whichever way you want. Falaq, fly
Look once you'll start getting money, you won't even need your husband.
More than 10 agencies want to work and cast you.
One shoot is in Dubai as well
Dubai?
Yes! 2 days in Dubai. You can enjoy a lot
You can have time to think if you want but do remember you get these changes once. Once its gone, you can not have it back
How are you auntie?
I'm fine. Sit!
Kabir, you and at our home? That's rare
I'm mostly busy in work. I don't get chance
Of-course, I understand. You don't usually visit. Is everything fine?
I was passing by so I thought to pick Falaq too
Falaq? She hasn't come here
She isn't here?
She told me that she's coming here. Infact, its been 4 hours now
Let me call her. Where is she?
Hello Kabir?
Where are you?
I told you, I'm at mother's house
It doesn't seem like you are at home. There is noise in the background.
Are you outside?
Yes, I'm out at market with mother. I'll talk to you once I'm back home. Bye!
Kabir, you and here?
Where were you?
I was with a friend of mine.
Who?
Maria. I was with Maria. She was insisting so I went to lunch with her.
Which friend is this? I'm hearing her name for the first time
Mother come on, you don't know the names of all my friends
why are you all looking at me like this?
Why did you lie if you were with a friend?
What could I say? You and sister Aliya has put so many restrictions. 
I can't go anywhere. I can't meet anyone. I can't even leave my room
Now you tell me mother, I wanted to meet a friend and go outside. What was wrong in it?
You wouldn't have let me if I had told you. This is why I lied
Kabir, I didn't expect this from you. You have restrictions on Falaq?
Auntie, I'm not this cruel. 
If she wanted to meet her friend she could have told me
Auntie, if I stop her, I stop her only for her health. I care about her
There is a difference between putting restrictions and being careful. 
I didn't give you my daughter for this reason. Look at her.
If you are busy and can't take care of her, then leave her to us for some time. We'll take care of her
What are you saying?
Kabir, mother is right. You should keep her happy in this condition.
Auntie, I do take care of her and keep her happy.
 I have never put restrictions on her for no reason.
I only ask her not to go anywhere alone. That is just because of her security and health
Please explain it to her, she shouldn't at least lie to me
Falaq, if you want to go anywhere, inform Kabir about it. Do not lie
Why are you both standing now? Sit down. Ask the maid to bring something to eat
I will
No auntie! Please permit us to leave now. I have something important to do. 
We'll come some other time
Look my child, 
a woman does get mood swings in such condition. You have no idea but Aliya does
If she feels likes going out with friends, then let her go. One feels good by sitting with friends.
Above all, husband and wife should give space to each other
Right!
Shall we go, Falaq?
Lets go. Mother, I'll come again
Come in
Sir, you called me?
Call Mr. Malik and ask him to come at 3 pm
Why do you look so worried?
Sir, I talked Mr. Malik, he has sold that land to Mr. Sheraazi
Yes sir ..
Mr. Malik took lots of payment
But you said he's already asking more than a market price
Yes sir, Mr. Sheraazi wants to ruin our every work
fine you go
Right sir
Falaq come, lets have breakfast
I dont want to. You go
Is it your mood? It shouldn't be you but me
Why not? You proofed me a liar in front of mother and sister Nawal. 
What would they be thinking that I go out with telling lies? I felt disappointed
I should have been disappointed
Infact, I am. You said that I put restrictions on you unreasonably
Isn't it?
Falaq, if I ask you not to go alone then the reason is that I am worried about you
I feel embarrassed. I think that you don't trust me
Why wouldn't I? I trust you more than myself
Then why are you bounding me?
I'm not. I am only trying to explain you what's right or wrong for you
You want to go out? Fine, go wherever you want. Just inform me
Now fix your mood
I can't go to office like this
I'm fine
Doesn't look like it
Look at me. Smile
Smile properly.
I'm fine
I'll drop you to your mother's house before going to office
It isn't needed. I'll go with driver if I'd have to.
Are you sure?
Fine! Come downstairs then. Lets have breakfast
you go. I'm coming
Good!
Hamza you?
How are you Falaq?
I'm good. How are wedding preparations going?
Good!
Are you here to meet Nawal?
yes!
She said you are upset because of her job? She told me that you want her to resign before wedding.
What wrong in it
Yes! I said same to her to listen to you. 
She's going to be a wife of such a big businessman. It isn't appropriate to get humiliated for few pennies.
She started saying to me to mind my business. 
She's very emotional regarding her job. She won't listen to you
Infact, she was saying that you are being unreasonable. She praises Mr. Sheerazi a lot. 
She doesn't praise you this much as much she praises Mr. Sheraazi
You can talk to her. I don't think so she'd resign. She is very stubborn. 
She'll do what she wants
I got you busy with all these talks. You must be thinking how talkative I am. 
Its your personal matter. I'm sure you both would solve it once you'd sit down. 
I'll leave now. It was good talking to you. Bye!