How would you reject me? I reject you!
I am refusing to marry you
This is what you wanted?
You wanted to be separated from me.
Go. I've done that for you.
Stay with him now.
Hamza? Hamza?
Nazish? Did you see Hamza?
No. What happened?
Why do you look so worried?
He left in the morning. He isn't back yet.
Call him.
I did call him but his phone is switched off.
Okay. The number is off. Don't worry, he isn't a child mom.
Maybe he stayed back because of a meeting.
He'll be back in a bit.
I'm going to make coffee for myself. Will you have it?
Yes.
Alright. Go rest in your room. I'll bring your coffee in two minutes.
Okay. Just...
What just happened? Hamza ended everything and left.
Nawal, he must be mistaken.
he will understand If you explain it to him.
He didn't even listen to me. He talked such trash.. Falak..
Where were you?
What happened? I was in the lawn.
I checked the lawn just now, you were not there. Tell me the truth, where were you.
You called Hamza, didn't you?
Hamza? What are you saying?
Falak, tell me the truth. Did you call Hamza?
Whats wrong? Why are you saying this? I just said I was in the lawn with Ilham. Ask the servants.
Nawal, she called Hamza here and now she's lying.
I found it intriguing the moment Hamza came here at this hour.
Kabeer are you in your senses? I don't want to talk to you.
sister Nawal, tell him how I was pining to meet Ilham.
I was pining for her. Why would I do this?
But if you didn't call Hamza here, who did, Falak?
How would I know? I told you I was in the lawn..
No matter how much Nawal trusts you.
But I don't trust you at all.
You called Hamza here otherwise he would never get the revelation that Nawal was here right now.
Give me your phone.
Why should I give you my phone? Who are you to talk to me like this and accuse me falsely?
Only those who lie, they scream.
If you aren't lying, give me your phone. I'll check.
Why should I show you my phone? He planned all this so that I cannot meet my daughter.
And he is now accusing me because of this. I didn't do anything.
I was stupid I came here at this hour.
Didn't I tell you he wouldn't let me meet my daughter?
You left her here yourself.
And you said yourself that you didn't want anything to do with Ilham.
You wrote this on a legal document. What love are you showing now, Falak?
Give me. Leave her.
I'm her mother and you cannot take away my right to meet her. I'll see all of you.
Come Nawal.. Lets leave.
Here..
Don't worry. Sit here.
I don't understand. Hamza came there?
He said no to marrying you.
He didn't ask or clarify anything and announced his decision?
How can he do this?
Falak he thinks I'm involved with Kabeer.
We have an affair. He thought I was lying to him.
Then you should have talked to him and make him understand.
Falak he was so wary of me, he didn't even trust a thing I said.
You tell me, can I do this?
No. You can never do such a thing.
But, whats surprising is how did Hamza reach there?
Who told him you were at Kabeer's house.
Even if you believe me or not, its Kabeer's doing. Who else could do this?
What would Kabeer do such a thing?
What do you mean? If you marry Hamza, he thinks you'll pull out your investment from his business.
And he'll be on the road again. He doesn't want this to happen
and he got another chance today.
He will not let me meet my daughter. Who'll get the most benefits out of this, Kabeer?
neither he will let me meet Ilhaam, nor he will loose his investment.
He killed two deers with one arrow.
He had your break up with Hamza and now he'll not let me meet my daughter.
No Falak.
Kabeer isn't like that. I completely believe he hasn't done this.
So you think I called Hamza there?
You will trust Kabeer as well? How can you do that to me..
No Falak, you're my sister. I know very well you'll never do this to me.
So if we believe Hamza came there as a coincidence.
Whatever it is, its our loss. What did Kabeer and Hamza lose? Nothing!
Neither would Hamza come here and break up with you and now I'll not be able to meet my daughter.
Kabeer will never let me meet her after this.
Why do you worry Falak? Nobody will stop you.
I don't want to stay away from my daughter.
Nobody will do that. Whats wrong with you? Relax.
Hamza.. you?
What did the two of you think that I'll never know whats going on between you two?
Hamza, mind yourself.
What should I mind? You're a cheap man.
Aren't you ashamed to have an affair with your ex wife's sister?
Enough Hamza. I'll kill you if you say another word.
Hamza...
You're mistaken. Its not what you think. I brought Falak here. She wanted to meet Ilham..
I always thought why did you favor this man so much?
You kept on deceiving me and I kept on being fooled.
You wanted to be separated from me. I'm doing it for you.
Live with him now.
So I've passed the first level. The wall is down now.
The relationship is over. You have no match, Falak.
You made a fool proof plan. Trust me, you're very clever.
Nobody found out that it was I who called.
Nobody can stop Hamza from being mine, now.
I don't know what this boy is doing. He left yesterday morning and didn't even come home last night. I don't know..
Mom, don't worry. Please pray he'll be fine.
Do one thing. Call his friends. Let me find out where this boy is.
Mom, I don't have the number of any of his friends.
Alright, I'll call.
Where is my phone?! Where is it?! Hamza..
Hamza! Where were you? I was so worried.
I was with a friend.
Do you even realize how worried mom and I were?
With a friend? You could have called. Your number was switched off.
I didn't think of it.
Dear, what are you hiding from us?
I'm very tired. I'm going to sleep. Nobody disturbs me.
There's some problem.
Didn't Hamza come to the office today?
No. He isn't well so he didn't come to the office today.
He took it to his heart. He would. He's been in love for years with her.
This is the chance. The wound is fresh. I can do what I want.
Otherwise what if they clear their misunderstandings.
Hello Kabeer.
Nawal, are you okay?
Why, what would happen to me?
Nawal, trust me. I didn't call Hamza.
Kabeer please I know you cannot do such a cheap thing.
I believe this is Falak.
She did all this.
She took Ilham outside and then she called Hamza.
She knew we were in the lounge.
Nawal think about it yourself? Why would she just miss Ilham, all of a sudden?
Kabeer I don't want to think about it.
In fact I have no complaints from anyone. If I have a complaint, I have one with Hamza.
He knows me.
And yet he accused me of cheating. He accused my character.
Nawal he has a misunderstanding.
Talk to him and make him understand that we have nothing like that going on.
You know Kabeer, if we claim that we love someone,
this means that it is a deep connection.
We know that person very well.
But even after such a deep connection we have to give clarifications,
then it isn't love.
This is a temporary connection
and if such connections break, it makes no difference.
Bye.
Hamza, trust me.
I didn't call you with a wrong motive. Had I known this would happen,
that you'd call off your engagement, I'd never call you.
I called you to come and make Nawal understand. Tell her that she shouldn't meet Kabeer.
But what did you do, Hamza.
What else could I do? You know everything.
I tried to make Nawal understand so many times but she never listened to me.
What else could I do?
I didn't have a choice.
You're right.
Even if you'd have told her, she would never listen.
Once you're spoiled, you never get back.
I was so worried all night. I couldn't sleep all night. I was thinking you'd think
why I did such a thing but Hamza, trust me,
my intentions weren't wrong.
I'm thankful to you. You opened my eyes.
I would have been fooled all my life.
Thank God we found out about their affair. If we wouldn't know,
they would have done the same, all life. Even after you got married.
That's what I'm saying.
Think about me. Its my own sister who destroyed my house.
I'm going through so much pain. I believe it 100% now.
Its Nawal who turned Kabeer against me.
That's why he divorced me in anger and finished everything.
It was all Nawal's doing. I couldn't understand.
We thought we were very sensible. Very clever
and yet they had an affair under our nose and we didn't know.
We're so stupid.
This is the problem.
Loyal people are often deceived.
What have you thought now?
Nothing.
To be honest, I don't understand.
The girl I loved all my life, she'd turn out to be so small, I never thought about it.
Did you tell aunty?
No.
You'll have to tell her.
She supports Nawal so much. She thinks she's the best.
She will never accept your decision.
Because she doesn't know Nawal's truth.
She will know. Its my life.
And the decision that's best for my life, I'll do that.
My family have to accept it.
If aunty doesn't accept your decision.
If she doesn't listen to you and insists that you marry Nawal, what will you do?
Nobody can force me.
I take my decisions myself.
I don't know but I feel Hamza is hiding something from us.
Yeah, he's behaving so weird.
Mom?
Yes?
I want to talk to you.
Yes, tell me.
I've decided that I'll not marry Nawal.
What? What are you saying, Hamza?
Don't worry too much.
You're reacting as if I said something out of the world.
This is out of the world, Hamza.
I don't understand whats the problem between you two.
I've said what I wanted to say.
Both of you will drive us mad. Is this how relationships are made? This isn't done.
When they're agreeable, you say yes and when you're upset, you say no. Is this how its done?
Then you tell me how its done?
If there is a misunderstanding in a relationship, people sit and talk and find a solution.
See Hamza, whatever it is, tell us. Mom and I will talk to Nawal.
There's no use of explaining her now.
I've broken all my connections to Nawal.
And yes, both of you will not go to her house after today and neither will you talk.
What is this? He just orders and leaves. He'll kill me one day. This isn't how its done.
Mom, please don't worry. I'll talk to him.
Nawal?
The maid told me you didn't eat so I brought dinner myself.
I'm not in the mood.
I will make my sister eat myself. Come on.
Keep it here, I'll eat myself in a bit.
Nawal, I know Hamza didn't do good with you. He accused your character.
He called off the engagement. He shouldn't have done it.
I believe Sofia aunty will come and make you understand and pressurize you to agree for the wedding.
But no matter what she says, she cannot mend this relationship.
When her son called off the relationship, whats left.
You don't have to compromise on your self respect.
How dare he call you a cheater? Had I been in your place,
I would never even see the face of that man, leave alone marry him.
How dare he say such a thing? Doesn't he know you?
And what does Hamza think? If he leaves you will you stop living? Will you keep crying for him and end everything?
No Nawal. This relationship ending shouldn't make a difference to you.
Also you'll not kill yourself.
You'll do what you've been doing. Take care of your responsibilities.
Go to your office and do what you've been doing. Crying here will get you nothing.
This way he'll feel that he's won and he was right. Do you understand?
And as it is, you shouldn't run behind a man whose running away from you.
You're right.
We can live without love, Nawal but not without respect.
You've become so sensible, I didn't realize that.
Life's sufferings have taught me everything.
I've lost everything in my life. I had to be sensible now.
Well leave everything and eat. I brought this with so much love. Promise me you'll eat.
Okay.
A person shouldn't be so stupid.
I don't believe it. Hamza could do all this?
Dear, its your fault as well.
When Hamza told you that he doesn't like Kabeer, you shouldn't have gone to his house.
Aunty I took Falak. She wanted to meet Ilham, she was pining for her. Tell me what could I do?
But the point is who told Hamza?
I don't know.
Listen, Hamza said everything because he was angry.
Don't take it to your heart.
Not take it to my heart?
He accused my character.
He accused me that I'm involved with Kabeer. Do you think I'm like that?
I'm hurting because Hamza knows me well.
How could he think that I'd deceive him?
That I could stoop so low.
He mistrusted me and made me fall in my own eyes.
You'll see Nawal, he'll realize it himself in a few days and he'll come to apologize to you.
But his apology will not wash the stain he put on my character.
When there is doubt in a relationship, everything goes away.
See Nawal..
You're angry right now. When you have calmed down in a few days, mom and I will come again.
I can tolerate misbehavior.
But I cannot tolerate someone pointing a finger at my character. 
and I cannot marry a man who doesn't trust me.
Dear, ups and downs are a part of relationships. You're taking it too personally.
If you had made her understand, she wouldn't have listened anyways. 
Once spoiled, always spoiled.
Thank God we found about their affair. 
Had we not known, they would have been together, all their life. Even after the wedding.
Hamza.. Mom and I went to see Nawal.
I told you not to go.
Hamza, its your fault because you saw Kabeer and Nawal together and accused them.
Yes.
Because I know very well that Nawal is cheating on me.
Do you have a proof for this?
Why doesn't she value anything I say? Why does she care about Kabeer?
 Why did she go to his house when I told her not to?
Why did she invest in his company? 
Why does she favor him? 
Do you have an answer to all this?
Do you know why someone favors a person?
 Because they are involved with the heart.
This isn't proof but misunderstandings, Hamza. 
Listen to me once.
I don't want to listen to you.
I've already decided. I'm not marrying Nawal. That's it.
How are you?
I'm fine. Tell me how are you? How is brother Toqueer and Hafsa? Has Hafsa settled there?
Everything is fine here. Hafsa misses everyone. 
She asks me everyday when we're going back. She's missing Ilham especially.
Kabeer, I talked to the maid and she told me Falak came to the house.
She came to meet Ilham.
Nawal asked me so I didn't say no.
And Hamza, why did he come?
I found out that he came home and misbehaved with you and Nawal. He said a lot of things.
Yes, he was mistaken.
Mistaken?
He came to our house and accused yours and Nawal's character?
How dare he come to our house and misbehave so much? 
Why didn't you call the police and have him thrown out?
I didn't know he was coming to our house.
And had I involved the police, things would have gone worse that's why I didn't call the police.
And how did he know Nawal was at our house?
Falak must have called him. Nobody else knew Nawal was at our house.
You're right. Only Falak could call. 
Her hypocrisy knows no bounds. And Hamza?
Is he crazy?
Yes, consider him crazy only. 
Had he been sensible, would he accuse her this way?
I don't understand that how such a kind hearted girl like Nawal will live with such a dubious man?
And Toqueer found out. He was very upset.
Why did you tell him?
I was talking and he heard. 
He said that Kabeer should find an FIR against him.
See, I don't want to be involved in any such mess.
Nawal will be dragged without a reason. She's already worried. 
She'll be more worried. Tell brother Toqueer he shouldn't worry at all.
By the way, I'm leaving for something very important. 
Pay my regards to my brother.
Alright. Bye.
Bye.
Hamza?
What happened Hamza? Why are you so upset?
It seems you didn't sleep all night. 
Your eyes are so red.
Actually, I'm not well. I couldn't sleep at night.
I feel guilty looking at your condition. 
If only I hadn't told you about sister Nawal and Kabeer.
If I could I'd take away all your pains away. I'll never let a tear come in your eyes.
I feel this pain. Because the pain you feel, is similar to what I feel.
I can only say that don't hurt yourself for people who don't care for us.
Why are you burning up because of it?
My trust is broken,
it is bound to hurt.
I feel helpless.
I just want to wind up everything and shift abroad.
What are you saying Hamza?
 Will you punish yourself on her disloyalty? Will you leave the country and go?
Your business, all this setup, what will become of it?
This means you've accepted defeat.
I've lost heart.
I don't want to stay here.
I feel irritated.
Hamza, 
look at your condition and then look at sister Nawal. 
it didn't made any difference to her, She wakes up everyday and goes to her office regularly.
The girl who has a life partner like you, what else will she need from life?
But she.. she's very happy. Happier than ever.
Looking at her, it doesn't seem her engagement was broken off recently.
She has become completely indifferent.
Hamza, if it didn't bother Nawal, it shouldn't bother you. And... 
As it is, one sided love will only give you pain and nothing else.
And the sooner it ends, the better. 
I'd say you should stay here and show Nawal.
That you're very happy in your life. She should realize.
What she lost?
I think you haven't eaten anything since last night. 
Come with me. I'll take you for good coffee and a good breakfast.
No Falak, I'm not in the mood.
Come on get up Hamza. I know a good place. I'll get you good coffee and breakfast.
Okay.
Hamza, the relationships that become wounds, you should be happy they're over, not sad.
Lets go. Come on.
Yes, this is a good deal. We'll see what to do.
Kabeer, isn't this your ex-wife Falak?
What is she doing with Hamza?
Leave it. Lets go.
Hamza, should I say something?
Like you couldn't bear Nawal's betrayal,
 I couldn't bear Kabeer's betrayal.
I'm surprised that my own sister destroyed my own house. 
Its because of her, I got divorced.
You got hurt and you ended the relationship. 
Think about me.
Nobody can realize how much pain I'm in. I live in the same house as her.
I have to see her face every time and I'll have to listen to her taunt me and
 look at how helpless I am. I cannot answer her back.
Don't worry. Just wait a little. 
I'll arrange a good flat for you. You can shift there.