I will go to mama's house with her. I get stress at sister Aliya's house.
No problem Kabir, she should have someone around her to take care of her no matter where she lives.
You don't have to worry at all. It's just a matter of one night. We will get you out of her tomorrow morning.
We will move your bail, God willing you will be out tomorrow morning.
Have courage. We are with you OK?
I don't care about her. Why will I call her?
She has created all this mess.
Rather she should call me and ask for an apology.
This is our ancestors' house, we have grown up here and we have memories associated with this house.
Toqeer, we will have to do something to get out of this crisis.
I know that this decision is difficult
but there is no way out other than this. I applied for loan but the request got declined.
There is no new investor who wants to work with us.
Toqeer, Kabir has work really hard to establish this business
and if we wont help him today
Then we will have this guilt for the rest of our lives that If we would have helped him then everything would be right.
Kabir has lost his hopes but we wont let him lose his hopes.
If we wont support him then who else will support him? Tell me.
If this company will get closed then all dreams of Kabir will be broken.
Then what will do by keeping the ownership of this house?
You used to talk about giving importance to relations more than walls of rocks and sands.
Have you forgotten that?
Tell me one thing Aliya.
Let's say, let's say and God forbid, if we wont be able to repay the loan.
Then where will we go and what will we do?
We will get a small rented house which we can afford in your salary.
We only have to live there so we can live anywhere.
By the way, memories always remain in our hearts and they will be with us wherever we will go.
Toqeer,
relations are made up of feelings of care for others.
If we don't care about each other then there is no importance of relations.
Please Toqeer.
This is a very huge business so it will take time to wind up things.
I promise you that when this time will pass then I will give you so much love that you will forget all of this.
I wont let tears come in your eyes ever after our marriage.
I was missing you.
Me too.
Come back. It's not good to test those who love you.
How do I come back Nawal? I have such a big established business here,
I wont return by winding up this business like this. Why don't you agree with me?
Both of us will live happily here.
Happiness is not connected with money Hamza.
You promised me that you will come back but now you are not fulfilling that promise.
Do you consider me such a feeling less person?
Nawal, I know your feelings.
Hamza if you don't want to come back then tell me I can't live in this pain.
I wont force you at least tell me.
Hello.
Hamza why are you worrying that poor girl?
Me and Nazish can't go back but you can go back.
What's the matter sister? Is everything alright? You have called me in so much emergency.
Kabir, you know about the whole situation of company.
We are unable to pay salaries of workers and we don't have funds for other expenditures.
So we will have to do something to get out of this situation.
Our loan has also got rejected. Right?
Otherwise, the situation of company would have been better to some extent.
We need at least ten billion to get out of this situation.
Ten billion.
At the moment ten billion is a very huge amount for us sister and
it is very difficult to arrange such a huge amount so quickly.
From where we will arrange and how will we arrange that amount?
I know, it's not that easy.
That's why, me and Toqeer have decided to mortgage this house.
What? What are you talking about? It's just a matter of ten years.
The amount wont be that much that we will get out of all problems
but we get sufficient time to think something else.
Sister you can't do that. And why aren't you saying anything brother?
This is our ancestors' house, we have passed our whole life here. How can we give this house to someone else?
Kabir, Toqeer has no objection.
What else can we do, it's our compulsion.
At least your company will be saved by doing this.
Brother this house is very important than company and very dear to me and you.
We made this house with so much passion.
I am not in favor of mortgaging this house at all. There will be some other way out.
And sister, it's against my self respect that you will leave this house because of me.
There is no other option.
Something will be arranged sister but I wont let you mortgage this house.
You have already done so much favors on me.
I wont bear burden of anymore favors.
I am not doing any favors Kabir.
I have fifty percent shares in this company and I am doing this to save this company.
Even then sister, I wont let you mortgage this house and this is my final decision.
Please sister don't make me bow down in my eyes.
Mom.
Yes.
Are you going somewhere?
Not me, both of us are going.
Both of us?
I am going to my friend's house and you are going on a dinner.
Dinner?
I have reserved a table for you.
It's a surprise dinner for you.
Which surprise?
How will surprise be maintained if I tell you. Go and get ready quickly.
OK, give me any hint otherwise there will be curiosity.
It's just a matter of few minutes. Shh.
Truly speaking, sister Aliya has made a wise decision but you get emotional for no reason.
Stop it Falak. This is not a wise decision.
Do you have any idea that how much I am attached to that house.
She is not selling the house, she is just mortgaging that house.
That is a big house and we will get good amount
and we will regain our house when the situation of company will get better.
Falak, no matter how much difficulties we face and company gets closed but I wont mortgage that house.
That house is part of my soul.
Let's mortgage this flat.
What do you think? How about that?
What are you talking about?
We were discussing about that house so how comes this flat in between?
You have recently shifted to this apartment but you have so much attachment with this.
But you want me to mortgage that house in which my parents spent their lives and I have spent my childhood.
I will never let that happen Falak.
Who mortgages his memories?
That person will be most senseless person of this world who will think that way.
Hello.
It's you Hamza?
Yes me.
So this was mom's and yours plan?
I thought to give you surprise.
So how was my surprise?
I don't like this at all. Why have you come back?
You should stay there and looked after your business and would enjoy your life as well.
I can't even imagine to live without you.
My life goes on if you are with me. I will be nothing if you are not with me.
You were saying that you are missing me so I came back.
And by the way, you have asked me come back with so much love
and I am not that senseless that I wouldn't come back.
By the way, you are looking so cute.
No, I am angry with you.
But you seems more cute when you are angry.
What is this? I am talking to you and you are looking there.
You should have told me earlier so I wouldn't come.
Rather let me do one thing. I will book tomorrow's ticket and go back.
I am warning you. There is no need for that. Don't even think about that.
If you will go back then I will never talk to you again.
I wont go anywhere. Rather if I will go anywhere then I will take you with me.
Hey, I am just joking. I am very bad. Hmm?
I bother you so much
but I promise you.
I will keep you this much happy after marriage.
I know that.
You know that? Then why did you say that I will leave you for the sake of my dreams.
Remember one thing Nawal,
I will never leave you.
I am among those who always go along with you.
I am not among those who leave you.
Kabir, my car is bothering me so much.
It has gone out of order three times within this week.
I am thinking about changing my car.
Falak, you know everything about company's situation.
We can't buy new car right now.
Ever since we have got married, we have this car and we didn't change this.
There must be that much amount in the company's account that we can buy a new car.
Falak if there would be that much amount in company's account then I would have paid salaries to workers.
And by the way, don't use car so much.
Control house budget as well. The AC is used round the clock and the door of room remains open.
Only use AC at the time of sleep.
And do I keep facing heat whole day? It's the limit Kabir.
Listen Falak, matters are going out of my control, I have told you earlier.
And it is possible that we will have to live without these luxuries.
That's why get used to this.
I am unable to understand what is happening with me?
Kabir said to me that Falak get used to live without luxuries.
I will live like that but I get scared when I think about my daughter.
How will she grow up in this environment? We wont have anything for her.
Will she live a suffocated life like me?
Listen, don't worry, everything will be alright Falak.
I am not worried about me, I am only worried about my daughter.
We have no savings for her.
We have nothing else except this business and if that gets closed then what will we do?
Falak, every business has ups and downs
and Kabir is working really hard and I am sure he will correct everything.
Sister Nawal, you can help us.
You have a plot of 1000 yards,
if you will give us money after selling that plot then I promise me and Kabir will return your whole amount as soon as company's situation will become better. I promise.
I know this is not easy.
It's your life time earning.
Just see,
mom arranged my marriage so quickly.
She should have waited for me to become independent.
Then I am not begging in front of someone like this.
I am saying this to you because of my compulsion.
Just leave it if it is difficult for you.
I know that I am not your real sister
otherwise you wouldn't think once and would agree with me immediately.
I am not your real sister that's why it is very difficult to make this decision.
I have told you so many times that don't hurt my heart by saying things like this.
I have always considered you as my real sister.
Kabir said that he needs ten billion to stabilize the company.
I don't know from where this amount will be arranged? What will happen to my daughter?
How will everything be managed?
I think Ilham has got up. Let me see her.
I am unable to understand what is happening with me?
Kabir said to me that Falak get used to live without luxuries.
I will live like that but I get scared when I think about my daughter.
How will she grow up in this environment? We wont have anything for her.
If I would be your real sister then you would agree with me immediately
but I am your step sister that's why it is difficult for you.
Why will you give such a big sacrifice for me?
Sir give her to me, she will sleep after drinking milk.
Go. Come to me. Drink milk.
Kabir, you came early from office today? Where were you?
I went out to do some work. What happened?
Do you have any idea, how much Ilham was crying?
She was hungry and she was searching you.
So maid is here, you should have asked her to give milk to Ilham.
Falak, it's your responsibility to take care Ilham it's not maid's responsibility. You are her mother.
You shouldn't have gone out.
I go out sometimes but you have issues with that.
Do you want me to stay at home like a disable person?
I was against of living separately because of your acts.
You are saying as if I have forcefully brought you in this house. Yes.
yes! You have forcefully brought me here.
If it would be in my authority then I wouldn't leave that house ever.
Kabir, it's not your business asset. It's my house.
And have you thought where will we go, where will we live and what will we do after that?
What are you thinking?
I am worried because of Falak's behavior.
What has she done now?
Sister, she doesn't take care Ilham at all.
Just a like a mother is concerned about her child, she doesn't have at all.
It's her first child so she might not get used to it.
Give her some time, she will get used to that.
How more time will she take?
You also take care of Hafsa despite being a business woman you manage household matters as well.
Perhaps, every girl has different nature
and you must have been felt that Falak has a different nature.
Not a bit, she is very different.
She doesn't care about house, she doesn't care about me.
She only wants to go for outings and parties.
And you know sister that I don't like all of this at all
and in fact I can't afford all this at the moment.
I don't want you to leave this house.
If you would stay here then Ilham would have been taken cared properly.
Make her understand with love and affection, she will understand.
I wish.
What's up Falak?
Greetings sister Nawal, how are you? Greetings, I am fine. How are you and how is Ilham?
I am absolutely fine and Ilham is also fine.
Falak I have contacted real estate broker. The plot will be sold after few days.
Thank you so much sister Nawal.
If I would have a real sister in place of you then she wouldn't have done that much for me what you are doing for me.
It's your favor otherwise no one does that much for anyone.
You are again saying such things.
OK, I was just saying. Don't get angry.
I pray that may God give you all happiness in life.
Where is the file?
Falak, oh I remember, I asked you to keep that file of this apartment.
Why do you need that file?
Because I am selling this apartment.
What? Why are you selling this apartment?
Falak, I need money, that's why I am selling.
And by the assets are made so that we can sell them in your difficult time.
Kabir, it's not your business asset. It's my house.
How can you sell this?
And have you thought where will we go, where will we live and what will we do after that?
We will go back to same house from where we came here.
How did you even think that I will go back to that house?
What's the problem in going back to that house?
Falak, it's our compulsion to go back to that house.
And if you will ask me to rent out some other apartment then please don't say that because I can't afford that
and please don't create any mess for me now.
Am I creating mess? And what do you do?
You just pass order that I want to do this, I am doing this.
You don't bother to tell me about anything.
Kabir, I am not a servant. I am your wife and I have right to oppose your opinion.
And if there is still problem then ask sister Aliya to sell that house.
 That house is big and you will get huge amount which will resolve all your problems. 
Falak, have you gone mad? Have you lost your mind?
You know that how much we have attached to that house. That is our ancestors' house. 
I am not even ready to mortgage that house and you are asking me to sell that house.
Do whatever you want. If you don't want to sell that house then don't sell
 but I wont let you sell my house.
Falak, you are here? Come, sit.
 I have not come here to sit, I have come here to talk to you.
What's the matter? 
You have asked Kabir to sell my apartment. 
What?
Is he selling his apartment? 
Don't pretend to be that much innocent. Kabir doesn't know you but I know you very well.
You gave that advice of mortgaging this house that day to him because you knew that he wont agree with that.
Then you cleverly put the idea to sell his apartment. 
Wow sister Aliya wow, you turned out to be more clever than me. 
In which tone you are talking to me?
Why will I want that? You must have some misunderstanding. 
I know everything. Ever since I have taken Kabir from this house you want us to come back to this house so that my head will bow in front of you.
If you are thinking that way then it's your mistake. 
I wont accept defeat. 
I am feeling sympathy for you.
You have so many misunderstandings about me. 
What will I get by defeating you?
 I felt that Kabir's love will change you.
But perhaps you can't change throughout your life. 
Just leave this topic of changing myself. I will remain like this.
Why don't you do a favor on us instead of sympathizing? 
Sell this house.
It's big and you will get good amount so that all problems of your business will get resolved.
What happened? You are speechless?
You were claiming so much that day that you will mortgage this house, you will do this and do that but now you are speechless.
You know me, 
that's why just like you have convinced Kabir to sell his apartment, 
forbid him just like that. This will be better for all of us.
What the hell?
 Madam, I think engine of car has been seized so I will have to take this to workshop.
Why don't you check before leaving from home?
 Madam, hire another cab.
How much fare? 
Give me whatever you want.
Take this. 
Thank you.
Falak, why are you standing here? What happened?
My cab was gone out of order but I have called driver and he must be arriving soon to pick me.
I will drop you if you want. Where do you have to go? 
No, you will get bothered for no reason. Driver is on his way.
Driver will take too long to come, I will drop you. 
If you are insisting that much then OK. 
Please come.
When did you return Pakistan?
 A few days back.
I am really sorry to hear about the death of sister Nazish's husband.
 How are sister Nazish and aunt now? 
Much better than earlier.
Tell me, how is Kabir? I have heard that he has suffered a huge loss in business.
Yes, the business has suffered a huge loss after you took your shares out of business.
 I shouldn't say this but you shouldn't have taken back your investment like that.
He used to tell you his friend and who does this in friendship? 
Actually, I don't want to invest anymore in Pakistan now.
I have decided that I will be moving to Canada after some days.
That's why I am taking back all my investments here. 
Does sister Nawal know about this? 
Yes I have told her.
Then what did she say? 
She doesn't want to go to Canada. She wants to stay here.
I think both of you broke up last time because of this same thing. Right?
Hmm, but the situation was different earlier and now it's different.
But I am sure that when I will insist she will be convinced.
 I must say, sister Nawal is very lucky.
That she is about to get a husband like you.
Thank you Falak.
Please drop me at left side there. I have to go to market to buy some things. 
OK there? 
Yes.
Sister, cash this cheque and release workers' salary.
I have got advance payment of flat.
The remaining matter will also get resolved when we will receive balance payment.
Let me say one thing Kabir, 
I don't know why but I am feeling so much guilty.
Both of you furnished that apartment with so much love. 
Falak's desires haven't yet fulfilled and we were forced to sell that.
You are thinking too much. God will give us more.
Kabir, please talk to Falak once,
 if she is not agree to come here then don't force her.
 Live there where she feels comfortable.
I don't want you to face any worry in your life.
Sister, Falak will stay where I will live because we have no other option except that. 
You don't have to worry. I will handle this matter.
I didn't know that she is that much dangerous.
I am telling you that she intentionally discussed that mortgage matter 
because she knew that Kabir will never agree.
Where will we go after selling this apartment? Go back to that hell like house.
I was feeling since last few days that something bad is about to happen with me. 
This decision of Kabir has pulled shelter from my head and ground from my feet.
Listen Falak, I think you should agree with Kabir.
What happened to you? What are you talking about? 
I have got out of that hell with great difficulty and you are asking me to go back in that hell. 
Listen, I agree with you but considering this situation, this will be the right decision.
There are servants and Aliya as well. You will get help in taking care of Ilham.
She wont do that. She is making my life hell in my own house 
then what will she do if I go there. She didn't let me live peacefully here then how will she let me live peacefully there?
No, this wont happen and if it happens then talk to Kabir he will handle this himself.
This is my biggest problem sister Nawal.
Kabir, neither sees nor listens anything. 
He just acts like a robot on sister Aliya's instruction. He doesn't have his own say.
OK, don't worry and just pray at the moment that the situation of business become better.
I was feeling since last few days that something bad is about to happen with me. 
This decision of Kabir has pulled shelter from my head and ground from my feet.
Greetings Mr. Shehryar, when will I receive that cheque? As I told you that I need that.
No, no, one week is too much. I need this within next few days. 
Try to get that as soon as possible.
OK thank you bye.
I know that company is in crisis.
You need a big amount. This is not a big amount but this amount will definitely give some help to you.
Nawal, I really appreciate that you are concerned.
I mean, I am very thankful otherwise who thinks that much for anyone these days?
But to be very honest, I can't take this amount from my wife's sister. 
My self respect is restricting me to accept this amount.
Please take this back. 
You know, Kabir is absolutely right.
We can't take this amount. 
We can't say anything whether the situation of company will become better or more worse. 
So please take this back. 
I am giving this to you happily.
Who gives such a huge amount happily these days?
And I am sure that Falak must have said something to you. 
Yes Falak has told me about the business situation but she didn't ask me to give money this is my own decision 
that if I have money so why not to help my family.
I have made this decision that I wont take back this cheque so please keep this.
Well, Nawal, perhaps you don't have any idea about the situation of our company
 and this amount if God forbid if we loose this amount as well then how will we return this huge amount? 
I wont ask you to return this amount.
You wont ask us to payback this amount but this will be a loan for us.
How can we take someone's amount like this? 
Kabir I am giving this amount to you happily. What happened to you? Don't you consider me part of your family?
Listen, let's assume if I face the same situation, wont you help me?
 You will definitely help me that's why I am helping you.
Well, I pray to God that you may never face such situation.
And the second thing is that I know that you are thinking for us and you are very emotional 
but we can't take this. I am sorry and I am very thankful to you.
Sister, I have a very important meeting. 
You please continue and thank you so much. OK bye.
I am so sorry, I didn't want to offend anyone. I just wanted to help you.
 Hey, no, we feel good that you came here. 
You didn't eat anything. Here is some refreshment. Do you want anything else? 
No thanks.