Please calm down, I am sure there must be some misunderstanding. I apologize.
Just leave it brother Toqeer. Kabir drop me to my mom's house.
I don't want to live here. You keep your house and relations.
I don't want to live here. Please drop me to mom's house right now.
Falak.
I am hopeful that all your doubts and grievances are gone.
Please clear your heart for Falak.
She is a nice girl.
I was going to give his phone. He forgot that.
These are some important documents. I will give him by myself.
You don't worry, I will give him. Go and take rest.
OK do it with care.
I want to tell you something about Asjad.
I called Nawal but she didn't believe me.
About Asjad?
What do you want to discuss regarding Asjad?
Asjad is not a good man.
Whatever I know about him, I can't tell you but just understand that he is deceiving you.
He is about to cause a big loss to you so please be careful.
How do you know all of this about Asjad?
A friend of mine works with him and knows him very well. He has told me everything about him.
And I called Nawal to tell this..
You alarmed us, it's your generous act.
I will handle this matter.
I think you are not taking my words seriously or you are thinking that I am lying to you.
You just told me whatever you had to tell. As I said, I will handle this matter myself, Hamza.
I admit that I am wrong and you and Nawal don't trust me.
If you don't believe me then I have brought that boy with me and he is waiting outside in car.
If you want then I will ask him to come here so that you can ask him by yourself.
There is no need for that.
Aunt please don't do this injustice to Nawal.
You?
What are you doing here?
I came here to talk to aunt.
You?
How dare you to come here? Why are you here?
Aunt please listen to us just for once, after that we will leave.
Aunt please don't believe his words, he is a fraudster and I have proof of that.
Hamza, it's our personal matter.
It would be better if you don't interfere in it.
I have told you everything about him even then you are saying this?
Because this is our personal matter.
And I don't want anyone to interfere in it so it would be better if you leave from here.
And you too go from here or do I push you out from here?
My child you are right in your anger.
It's our mistake.
Aunt we are so ashamed. Whatever happened was very wrong.
We were blind folded due to greed.
Give me punishment whatever you want but please don't refuse this proposal.
What? We don't want to maintain any relation with you.
Are you observing their courage?
They have come here even after so much has happened.
You should be ashamed. How can you even think that we will maintain any relation with you?
Sister Sultana, advise her that these relations don't end that easily.
This is not a minor thing. This is a very huge thing.
You should be thankful to us that we didn't file any complain in police against you
otherwise you would have been in police lock up today.
Don't bother to come here again.
Have you listened?
So please go from here now.
This one is the best offer for you for now.
I am sure that no one can give you a offer like this.
I think Mr. Kabir, you are joking with us and you are not serious for this deal.
What do you mean?
There are no documents regarding the deal in this file. Neither it contains your tax documents.
How much tax you paid last year?
You haven't attached those documents or you want to hide those intentionally.
And our company won't make any deal with a company which is not paying tax.
What do you mean? What are you talking about? I have attached those documents in this file myself.
How is it possible?
I am sorry. I am really sorry. Give me some time. I will bring those documents.
We scheduled this meeting with you because we liked your work
and we wanted to make this deal with you but it is not possible now.
We don't have that much time. We have another meeting and if we won't finalize the deal there then we will contact you.
Thank you so much for you time.
Why had Hamza come here?
He came here to tell me about Asjad.
He said, I called Nawal but she didn't listen to me.
You didn't even tell me about that.
Would you believe if I told you?
You would feel that I am lying and misguiding you.
I believe on you that much.
You should have told me once.
Perhaps their real face had to be revealed like that.
And to be honest, I didn't trust Hamza that's why I didn't tell you.
Hey Kabir you are back from office, how was your meeting?
Where is sister?
She is in her room. Is everything alright?
Sister.
Why did you come back that early? Has your meeting ended?
Yes meeting has done.
But we missed the deal.
But why?
There were some documents missing in the file which I took there so the deal got canceled.
Documents were missing?
But I returned that file in the same state in which you gave me so how can documents be missed?
I don't know sister, I didn't check that myself.
You should have checked in car, how can you be so irresponsible Kabir?
Sister I have checked in car and everywhere else but I didn't find.
Sister file was with you, so check, you must have put those documents somewhere in the room.
This is not possible.
I didn't open the binding of that file so how can I take documents out from that file?
I don't put things carelessly anywhere like that.
Check in every drawer, it must be somewhere here.
I haven't put these documents here. How have these come here?
These are the same documents. Thank God we have found these. I was so afraid.
You must have forgotten after putting these here.
Believe me, I didn't unbind the file then how can I put these documents here.
There must be someone else who put these here.
Stop it sister.
File was with and documents have found from your drawer.
You spoiled everything and now blaming someone else.
Kabir.
Falak, the actual thing is that we have found these important documents.
Thank God, let me attache these in file. Maybe we get that deal again.
You knew that how important that deal was for Kabir?
I am sure that you must have hide these documents. You didn't want Kabir to get this deal.
Why would I want that Kabir don't get this deal?
As much as Kabir owns this business, I own this business that much as well.
If Kabir will get any loss then it will be my loss as well.
Yes, only you know that why did you do that? But whatever you did was really bad.
Kabir
Don't you worry. Everything will get better.
I found these documents but the deal got canceled because of my little mistake.
What's your mistake in it, it's sister Aliya's mistake.
It's my mistake.
I should have checked the file once before that meeting.
What's the fault of sister Aliya in that?
If she put those papers unintentionally anywhere but I had to attend the meeting. If I would check the file once.
So big mistake. This didn't ever happen.
I thought that sister has checked the file then it must be fine.
So you see the result of trusting others more than yourself.
Sometime we face some incidents in our life.
So that our eyes get open and we can differentiate among our own relatives and other ones.
Now you must have been realized that we get loss due to blind trust on others.
If I would check file myself then this didn't happen.
I don't know, how did sister make such a big mistake?
I think she forgot because of her illness and she ignored that.
It is also possible that she intentionally hide those documents.
What?
Why would sister do that intentionally?
I feel like that.
Never. Sister can never do that.
In fact sister can never even think about causing any loss to me.
Falak, just think before you say anything that what are you saying and about whom are you saying?
I was just saying Kabir, why are you getting angry on me?
Every word has it's meaning and I am understanding what is going on in your mind at the moment.
I already told you that I won't bear any blame on sister Aliya.
Kabir, you are getting me wrong, it was just a mere thinking so I just told you.
And I know about sister Aliya as well that she can't do that.
After all she has equal share in business like you.
And if any loss is caused to business then it will effect her as well so why will she want any loss happen to the business?
It would be better to act upon your words.
Hamza, it's our personal matter and we don't want anyone to interfere in it.
So it would be better for you to go from here.
Hamza where are you? I am unable to see you.
And Areej was also complaining that you are not giving her time.
Actually, I was busy in office work. We have launched some new projects so I was busy in those.
No matter how busy you are but you have to spare some time for the family.
Tell me, do you want to discuss something with me?
Actually, I want to discuss something really important with you.
Brother and sister-in-law are coming next week
so I was thinking that I should arranged engagement function of you and Areej.
What? Are you joking?
No, I am very serious.
I am telling you upfront that don't do any such thing.
Don't complain if I ashamed you in front of everyone.
And what about that what you are doing? You are ruining your life for a girl who is marrying other guy.
I am sorry. I have decided. You will have to marry to Areej. That's it.
I have already told you that I don't like Areej.
She is very nice girl, she will keep you very happy.
You will start liking her after marriage. The words of Nikah are really powerful.
This is your misunderstanding. How can I be happy with someone whom I don't like?
Don't force to be strict with you.
I don't know, I want you to get married to Areej. That's it.
You have one week. Make you mind understand and I want you answer in affirmation. And that's that.
Greetings
I just met Kabir.
He told me that you unintentionally...
Don't say anything else.
I am thinking about that again and again. I think I will go mad.
Calm down. Nothing will happen. Take deep breathes.
Drink water. Nothing will happen.
Listen, it's a business, such minor things happen. It's not a big deal. Calm down.
First time I have seen doubt in Kabir's eyes for me.
I have seen disbelief.
Do you think that I can be that much irresponsible that I will put such important documents in a drawer like that?
I am not doing such activities for the first time. Am I starting any new business?
Aliya mistakes are made by humans.
It is possible that you put those documents in drawer.
What difference does it make?
Toqeer I didn't even unbind that file.
Do you think I am mad?
I gave that file to Falak to handover to Kabir.
Aliya stop it.
There has been so much fuss already in this house don't do anymore.
And you know it very well that both of us will have to face it's consequences so please let it go.
I am just thinking.
Aliya
What happened to you?
You were not like that earlier to blame others for your mistakes. You never lied.
Listen, mistakes are made by humans. If you made the mistake so just own it.
I am unable to understand anything. I am feeling very helpless.
No problem. I am with you.
I didn't do that.
Stop it. It will get better. Stop crying.
Aliya
You can't get married to Nawal. Forget her.
Why can't it be?
And now I am telling both of you that don't worry. I will take complete care of sister.
What? You refused that proposal?
Yes
But why?
We inquired about them, they are not good people.
But mom you should have done that before accepting the proposal.
It was our mistake.
Blind trust causes damage.
Thank God that you didn't sell the house and gave money to them.
I was worried that what would you do and where would you go if you would have sold this house?
We would go somewhere.
God's earth is very big.
I will bring tea.
What happened to her?
Think before saying anything. She is your elder sister.
But what did I say mom?
That was just an engagement, no problem if it is broken. By the way, sister Nawal didn't love Asjad,
neither they talked nor liked each other. Then why is she reacting like that.
No problem if this engagement is broken.
What was you saying? What have Aliya done now?
What do I tell you mom? She has made my life hell.
Let me tell you tomorrow's incident. Kabir faced billions of rupees loss because of sister Aliya.
What are you talking about?
Let me tell you. Do you know, Kabir gave her a file.
I think Mr. Kabir, you are joking with us and you are not serious for this deal.
There are no documents regarding the deal in this file.
Believe me, I didn't even unbind this file then how can I put these documents here?
I didn't put these documents here. How have these come here?
Did you see the result of trusting others more than yourself? Sometime such incidents happen in our life.
So that our eyes get open and we can differentiate among our own relatives and other ones.
Now you must have realized that we get loss due to blind trust on others.
What's wrong with you?
Why are you bothering me?
Nawal understand my point. Don't commit this suicide.
He doesn't deserve you. He has already cheated so many girls before you.
Mom has already refused him.
Did you want to hear this? Right?
Did you want this?
Now get happy.
Sure, we will meet next week. OK
Mom.
OK, I will call you in a while. OK. See you bye.
Hmm?
You will have to take my proposal for Nawal tomorrow.
What? Perhaps you have forgotten that she is engaged and she is going to marry soon.
That engagement is broken.
But why?
Just leave all this.
You just have to go to their house and convince them for this proposal at any cost.
You can't get married to Nawal. Forget her.
Why can't that happen?
Because I have decided that you will be engaged with Areej.
In fact I am thinking to arrange your Nikah ceremony.
Get ready, your Nikah is scheduled this Friday.
But you can't take such a big decision without my consent.
Why, why I can't make this decision? I am your mother and I have that much right on you.
I am telling you that I won't marry Areej.
You will humiliate yourself by gathering all relatives.
I will reject this proposal in front of everyone.
Will you humiliate your mother in front of everyone for that stranger girl? Have you gone crazy?
She is not stranger. I love her.
What to do next will be your decision.
Greetings sweetie what are you doing?
I am reading.
Oh, you are reading. Good.
Where is your mom?
You are back?
Greetings sister.
How are you feeling sister?
I am fine. Nasreen go. I will call you.
Kabir
I am really sorry that company has suffered such a huge loss because of me.
It's OK sister, such things happen in business.
That was my mistake, I don't know when and how did I put those documents in drawer?
Perhaps I did that under influence of sleeping pills. I don't remember anything.
Sister you are thinking so much. As I said, it doesn't make any difference.
Company gets so much profits then what if it gets a minor loss.
Aren't you thinking that I did that intentionally.
Sister
Please don't make me embarrassed by saying all this.
I know you very well. You can never do that.
In fact anyone who knows you will say the same thing.
Hey Kabir, you are here?
Do I bring tea for you?
No, I don't want that.
OK get fresh.
OK sister, let me get fresh and then meet you
Why are you sitting here sister? Go to your room and take rest. You are not feeling well.
I am fine. Thank you.
Let me take care of Kabir.
You are looking good. Black color suits on you.
Every color looks good on me.
Yes it is right.
By the way, I am really excited that we are going out for dinner after a long time.
Yes
I am feeling good.
Let's go. Let's go quickly otherwise we will get late. Let's go.
You are right.
Hey sister, why are you standing here?
I was going to doctor for checkup but car is not starting.
What happened to car?
I think there is some fault in engine. I need to take care to workshop.
Sudden failure of car. Don't you worry. I will take you to doctor.
Kabir
We are invited, our friends must be waiting for us. They have arranged this dinner for us.
No problem Kabir, I will go tomorrow for checkup.
No sister.
Dinner is not important than your appointment.
No problem, we will go a bit late. Come with me.
No, your program will be spoiled because of me. Toqeer must be about to come. I will go with him.
Are you sure?
Go and enjoy your dinner please.
OK, bye.
Bye
Kabir
Sister
Falak bring water.
What happened to you suddenly sister?
Falak bring water.
I won't marry Areej, I am telling you.
You will humiliate yourself by gathering all relatives.
I will reject this proposal in front of everyone.
My child, why are you standing here at this time? Couldn't you get sleep?
I was suffocating in the room so I thought to come outside.
Why are you awake? Aren't you sleepless like me?
I sleep less.
The person who has made us sleepless is sleeping so peacefully. Isn't he?
Well, my child, I want to apologize to you for Hamza's behavior.
You don't need to apologize.
I know Hamza since childhood and I know his nature very well.
He likes challenges. And perhaps he has taken me so easy.
You know that Hamza doesn't give importance to things which he gets easily. 
Those things used to be found in dustbin or any corner of house.
And the things which he got easily lost their worth for him, just like me.
That's why Hamza rejected me. Didn't he?
What?
Yes, I have heard your discussion with Hamza.
Aunt
Do whatever he wants. Get him married wherever he wants.
Forcefulness will be of no use.
And you know it very well that he will never back off from his demand.
Forcefulness will be of no use.
If the relations are formed forcefully then those relations are not long lasting.
And the relation between husband and wife is the only relation if there is no love in it then it will become barren.
And such relations don't give happiness to anyone but only cause sorrow nothing else.
Please
Agree with him.
My child.
I am really embarrassed in front of you. I am so sorry.
Her blood pressure is very low and a lot of weakness as well.
I think she is not taking her diet properly. I feel that she must have some stress or depression.
Please get her proper checkup.
OK doctor.
I am prescribing some test. Conduct these. Take care of her diet.
And try to save her from stress.
Don't tell her about any problem or worry.
Give her rest as much as you can.
Look Kabir, I ask sister to take rest but she always gets busy in work.
Health is important as well.
I am prescribing some multi-vitamins for her. Give her regularly. God willing she will get better soon.
Kabir, what happened to Aliya?
As soon as I got Falak's call, I have come here. Is she alright?
Brother she fainted because of weakness, relax, she is fine.
Conduct these tests.
OK, thank you so much.
Let me see him off.
Aliya
Are you OK?
Brother, no need to worry. Sister is stressed and over burdened so that' why.
She will get well soon. God willing.
And now I am telling both of you to don't worry I will take complete care of sister.
God willing.
Thanks Falak.