It's not your fault.
If God gives you beauty then delicacy comes as well.
We are happy that you came here. Thank you so much.
But
I can't accept this proposal.
I am telling you that here is no such thing.
And by the way
I have very few people in my life.
Whom I considered my own.
I want my life to be lighten up forever due to your love.
Will you support me?
I am asking your life from you.
You can hold my hand.
I want this moment to freeze forever.
I am really happy.
Are you happy as well?
I want to hear from you.
Because love is dependent on words.
I am happy Kabir.
So happy.
Thank you.
Sister
Hmm
Sister, did you talk to Falak's mom?
No, I didn't call her.
Well, she told me that she won't marry Falak earlier.
Then what do I talk to her? Even then I requested her.
That take your time for thinking and then tell us. So she will tell us.
Yes, but ask her once again.
I feel that Falak's mom didn't ask Falak about her consent.
What happened to you Kabir?
It is said that fruit of patience is sweet.
How much do I wait?
OK, please talk to her once on my insistence. I insist you.
Please.
OK, if you insist then I will talk to her. Are you happy now?
Thank you.
I am frying something for midnight snacks, do I fry for you?
No thanks, I am full.
OK
Crazy.
Falak
You don't have fever.
Yes, I am fine.
Falak, I am observing since last night that you are in your room and you slept without having dinner. This never happened earlier.
There is no such thing sister, I had headache.
Mom told me and I was about to come into your room but then I thought that you should take rest.
Yes, I slept after taking medicine.
Sister, I want to talk to you.
Excuse me.
Greetings.
I am just leaving.
And when will be the meeting?
Just give me half an hour, I will be there. OK bye.
Falak, I am so sorry, I have to reach there.
Let's talk in the evening. OK.
Just give me a call if you need anything.
Sir, she is miss Nawal, our finance manager.
Miss Nawal, he is sir Hamza, our new boss.
Sir please come with me. Let me introduce to remaining staff.
Miss Nawal, he is sir Hamza, our new boss.
Nawal
I am warning you, if you call my name.
After seeing you all my old wounds have become fresh again.
Nawal, can we forget all old things?
Those were not only just things, that was love, my love.
Which you trampled under your feet.
I am so embarrassed.
I did very wrong to you.
Because of your mistake, I thought about taking my life.
I had been in depression because of you.
I even stopped thinking about life.
Nawal, I am really embarrassed.
If I wouldn't have gone abroad at that time then I would miss my career development.
I wouldn't get anything.
You have dealt a lot of damage.
The one who gets love, he needs nothing else.
You preferred wealth over love.
You had gone to develop your career by putting me on stake.
And that too without telling and without saying anything.
Please sit.
Hamza, don't consider me as old Nawal.
I had buried her there, where you had left her.
You knew that I am working here, that's why you intentionally bought this company.
So that you can bother me.
No, I swear there is no such thing.
The decision of buying a company is taken by board of directors, it's not my decision.
I didn't know at all that you are working here.
I will resign tomorrow, you will get my resignation.
No, please.
Don't do any such thing.
Nawal, can't we forget everything and move forward towards each other like earlier.
Don't even think about it.
We can never be the same again.
Yes, if you want me continue my job here then there will be no discussion about our past life.
Neither you will discuss that nor I.
OK
It will be as you wish.
Excuse me.
Bring tea for me.
Is there everything alright?
You have come back earlier than me today.
Didn't you go for visit?
Sister
I was not feeling well, that's why.
Why? What happened to your health?
Nothing substantial.
It's just a headache.
Did you talk to Falak's mother?
No, I didn't talk to her.
To heal your headache, take tea.
Yes, I will take it. I have to do an important work. I will be back.
Now, I will have to talk to her.
Shaheen, make a black coffee for me.
OK
Greetings
Greetings
What's the matter my child, you are looking so tired?
No, it's because of office workload.
OK
Hello
Greetings Aliya.
How are you?
I am fine, how about you?
I am also fine by the grace of God.
I was waiting for your call but you didn't call me.
Have you consulted with Nawal and Falak?
Listen Aliya, I told you at that time.
I will arrange Nawal's marriage first and Falak will get marriage later so there is no point of discussing this topic.
Please think about it once again.
In the case of daughters, one should not be hasty like this.
I don't think that I have taken this decision in a hurry. I have taken this decision very thoughtfully.
I hope Aliya that you will understand my position.
Bye
Why did you do that?
You refused again. I told you that don't refuse but you didn't even bother to listen to me.
I don't act according to others' instructions.
I have decided. Now, whether it's you or anyone else will force me to change me decision, I won't do that.
Mom, why don't you understand?
It is not good thing to reject such a good proposal.
Arrange Falak's marriage, when it's my turn I will also get married. Will you keep her unmarried because of me?
Falak, you?
I always considered you as my own.
But I had no idea that you have never considered me as your own.
I have heard your discussion.
If there was any proposal for me then you should have asked me but you didn't even bothered to ask me.
Mom, I am not objecting on your refusal.
But I object on this that you would have asked me.
What would I ask you?
What would I ask?
When it is fixed that you can't get married in any case before Nawal's marriage.
And who has fixed it? You?
If that proposal was for your real daughter, would you refuse that as well?
Falak why do you discuss this real and others' daughter topic all the time?
So tell me, what do I say?
If I would have been her real sister then would she do that?
To refuse only because of this reason that I can't get married before your marriage, it's not justice.
I think there is something else.
What do you feel?
Tell me, I want to listen, what do you feel?
That why will you bear that your real daughter keep sitting in home while your servant's daughter would get married in a well known family.
What are you talking about Falak?
I am absolutely right.
How will you bear?
That I married in a rich family. You consider me as daughter of your servant so you will find a servant's proposal for me.
How will you bear that I will be treated on equal terms with your daughter?
Are you listening?
What is she saying?
I have brought you up being a mother.
I never felt any difference between you and Nawal.
And she is saying that I want that she don't get married in a rich family.
You are lying mom. You are absolutely lying.
You never considered me as a real daughter. You brought me up only because you want to get praised by the people
That people will praise you that you are so generous that you have brought up your servant's daughter.
Stop Falak, it's enough.
Why do I stop? Why are you asking me to keep quiet?
If she would have brought me up like a mother then she would never reject that proposal instead she would marry me happily.
Tell me Falak.
Who has injected this poison in your mind?
This is not poison, it's reality mom.
You wouldn't digest that such a good proposal came for a servant's daughter.
If the same proposal would come for your real daughter then you wouldn't refuse that. You are getting jealous mom.
You are getting jealous.
Falak
Falak, Falak listen to me.
What did you do?
Falak, Falak listen to me my dear.
You are a selfish man, who only cares about his career, his business and his happiness.
Anyone else happiness and words don't have any importance in your eyes.
Falak
Falak, open the door.
Go from here, I don't want to talk to anyone.
Falak I won't go from here, you will have to open the door.
Falak
Do you have any idea that how much mom has hurt because of your words?
And does any one care, how much I am hurt?
Falak, you didn't like her words. Right?
Then you should have talked to her but you stood in front of her.
Is this the right way?
There is a proper way to talk.
You want to marry Kabir so you should have said that clearly.
Is this appropriate for you to misbehave so much with mom?
I kept saying all of this without thinking out of anger.
Tell me, if my parents were alive then would they let this happen to me?
Falak, since our childhood mom never felt any difference between you and me.
Then how can you even think that she will do that to you?
Then why did she slap me?
Falak
You made her angry, you were talking nonsense.
I was so angry.
I made a mistake, I am embarrassed.
I said so much because of anger.
Tell mom that I will act according to her wishes.
And if she doesn't like that I will marry to Kabir then I will never marry him.
I will marry wherever and whenever she will want me to marry.
Falak don't get suspicious about your own relatives.
The bond of relationship gets weakened when a person assumes the answers to the questions arising due to misunderstandings.
Believe me, there will never be any injustice with you in this house.
When mom's anger cools down then you will go there and apologize to her.
OK
She must definitely crying there. Let me see her.
Silly girl
Mom
Nawal
If you are here to advocate for her then I don't want to listen to you.
Go and tell her.
Don't talk to me.
Mom she is young, don't take her words seriously, she just said that out of anger.
I don't want to discuss this topic.
She is crying in her room and you are crying here.
How will this issue resolve if you don't talk to each other?
She has raised question on my motherhood because of a strange boy.
She stood in front of me by forgetting every relation.
She went to the extent of anger that she felt that
I am not her mother and you are not her sister.
Mom don't say that. Try to understand.
You should have talked to her. She is sad that you didn't even discuss with her.
I don't want to discuss this topic.
Go
Close the door behind you.
Hey my wife.
I have told you so many times that don't bring office work at home.
It's the limit.
I am thinking about something else.
OK
So, let me know about that problem due to which my wife is thinking so much.
Actually
I called Mrs. Sultana again on insistence of Kabir.
She refused again.
Aliya, what was the need to call her?
You shouldn't have called her in the first place.
One time refusal is enough for a wise person.
Kabir is very serious for Falak.
I have never seen him so serious for any girl.
Oho, he is not a kid, he is a mature person, he will understand.
You are not taking me seriously.
OK, I will talk to him and make him understand.
In the meanwhile find a good girl in your social circle, so that we will arrange his engagement and get him married soon as well.
Kabir is dear to me like brothers.
I will try my level best that he may get his desired girl.
Aliya why are you stretching this closed matter like a rubber?
I mean, come on let's move on, the world doesn't end on one girl.
And Kabir is wise enough so you should also act wisely.
I can't see Kabir in this problem.
I am thinking to talk to Mrs. Sultana again. There is no harm in talking to her. Perhaps she got convinced.
Remember my words.
Forceful decisions don't last long.
Else, as you wish.
Anyways, I am sleepy so I am going to sleep. Please switch off the lights.
Good night.
Excuse me, you are coming in my snaps again and again, please take a side.
The number you have dialed is powered off.
Sister Nawal, are you going to office? Please take me with you.
But today is your off day.
Yes, I have to go to grave of mom and dad.
I am feeling sad.
So early in the morning, Falak?
Yes, I was very disturbed since night.
The burden of my heart will go when I will go to graves of mom and dad. Please drop me there.
I will take you there myself on my off day.
No, I want to go today.
Falak, it's not right to go there alone.
I am missing them so much.
I will get relax when I go to graveyard.
Agree with me.
Go to your room and take rest. OK.
I will take you on my off day.
I was reviewing your work.
You have done your work wonderfully, there is not a single mistake.
It is evident that you have worked really hard.
Thanks
Have a seat.
Nawal, I know that I have done so much injustice to you.
Please
We promised yesterday that we won't discuss anything related to our past life.
I just want to apologize to you.
I just want to say to you.
I don't want to listen anything.
Why do I believe you?
You are a selfish man who only cares about his career, his business and his happiness.
Any one else happiness and words don't have any importance to you.
Please try to make sure that it would be better if we don't discuss this topic ever again.
Otherwise, I have so many reason to leave this place.
Do you want to discuss anything related to official work?
I want to go mom and dad graves. I am feeling very sad. I am missing them so much.
I will get better when I will go to graveyard.
If she didn't get her love like me then she will live her life with this agony as well.
I won't let this happen.
Falak you will definitely get your love.
I won't let any injustice happen to Falak. Why would she face that agony like me?
Mom
Please agree with me.
I don't want this at all that Falak will feel that she is not my real sister.
She has become suspicious of us due to a small misunderstanding.
And this confusion can be removed only in this way.
She has misbehaved with me so much, Nawal.
I will not agree with you.
I have considered her as my own daughter during my life.
I have brought her up with so much love.
Didn't you see?
In one moment she parted ways.
She didn't think about me.
Mom she is so embarrassed.
She has said that she will act according your wishes.
So, what's the problem?
If Falak doesn't want to get married then why are you forcing me?
Because I know that she is not happy.
No one lives happily without love.
No matter how we pretend from outside to be happy but from inside we are sad.
OK, unlock the phone.
Greetings
Greetings Aliya, I am Nawal, how are you?
I am absolutely fine.
Actually, me and mom wanted to meet you. Are you at home?
OK, I have just reached home. Come anytime.
OK, let's meet.
Sure, bye.
I have accepted your opinion.
But I have one condition.
I will only arrange engagement of Falak at the moment.
But you will get married earlier than Falak.
Why are you showing stubbornness mom?
I will get married when time will come.
Please agree for my sake.
OK, get up. Get ready.
Come on.
Come, come.
Come please, have a seat.
Thank you so much.
Well my child.
Tell me, what will you take? Tea or coffee?
We will take that later, first let's discuss that topic for which we have come here.
Sure.
Yes, go ahead.
Well, you brought proposal for Falak.
And I refused you straight away.
Actually, I think that it's not appropriate to marry younger daughter when there is an elder sister is unmarried.
Are you getting my point?
All children are equal in the eyes of mother.
Yes, I am getting your point.
But Nawal advised me.
That refusing such a good proposal is like rejection of blessing.
God gets angry because of it.
And it's the same thing whether younger sister get married first or elder sister get married first.
The objective is to marry our daughters in a good family.
I am a mother.
And mothers are very concerned about their daughters.
You don't have to worry at all, Falak will live very happily here.
She won't miss anything here.
You will not regret on your decision.
God willing.
And Nawal's fate is with her.
By the grace of God she is well educated, sober and intelligent.
And she is so beautiful as well, God willing she will get married in a very good family as well.
God willing.
I am really happy. Hey Nasreen bring the sweets quickly.