Hamza, you must be very angry right? The matter is as such
do you know, I have kept my engagement ring very safely as its quite close to my heart
I don't want to loose it, that's why I have kept it safely
after all, what problem do you have here? 
You have got everything here, then what else do you want?
you are my problem
I don't like you at all in front of me
sister, what have you done?
I had brought dinner for you, if you didn't wanted to have it then you could have told me. Why did you threw it?
Aliya, what is this?
I haven't done this. She threw it, she did it herself. She is lying
God willing, time will show you that I was right
this girl is that termite which makes a green tree shallow from within
the person on whom you were putting so big allegations
just go & look at her
even right now, she is more worried about you than herself
do you know, what was she saying to the doctor?
that go & do sister Aliya's check up first, because she needs it more
Aliya, she cares about you a lot
and you
what you did to her?
I feel so disappointed
Kabir... please relax
I know what is your condition right now
how can I relax, brother?
I am feeling so helpless right now
I can't find any solution to come out of this problem
on one side, its my mother like sister-in-law and on the other side is my wife
I don't want to hurt sister Aliya, nor I want to break Falak's heart
where shall I go? What shall I do?
sister-in-law doesn't believes on Falak's love
she thinks that Falak is just pretending her love for her, however its not like that
Falak also respects sister-in-law in the same manner like I do
I know
I know exactly what you mean
but see, don't worry...
God willing, everything will be fine and I am with you
Falak
Falak, what is all this? Where are you going?
I am going to my house, this is fine
Falak, its not appropriate to go at this hour
try to understand. Look at the time
the time is bad, Kabir
I cannot stay here, I want to go home
Falak, Kabir is absolutely correct. Its not appropriate to go at this hour
you want to go home, right?
You can go tomorrow, he will drop you
No brother Toqeer, I have understood that I can never make my place in this house
and sister Aliya is also not happy. I am the reason behind all this restlessness
So I cannot live here
Okay Falak, lets go inside the room and.. 
Kabir, No! I don't want to talk about anything
I just want to go home. Are you going to drop me off or I shall go with the driver?
Falak, what's wrong with you?
What will we say after going there? That why we came here?
we'll tell them the truth
She should also know that how her daughter is being treated in this house
I will become mad, Kabir. I just want to go home
Falak, will you discuss our personal house matters in front of others?
they are not others but my mother
are you coming or not?
Okay, wait a minute
brother, let me go & drop her off
is this what you wanted, right?
that Falak shall leave this house
then congrats! She has left the house
what!
why are you being so amazed?
Aliya, I had this fear
I used to explain you for this day, I used to tell you not to do it
not to do whatever you are doing, the consequences will not be good
but no
you didn't listen to me at all
now see
the thing I was fearing, had happened
Falak has left this house
I never wanted this to happen
then what was the motive of whatever you did? Tell me
I have done nothing! Why don't you believe me?
Aliya, remember one thing
Kabir is dear to me like Hafsa
and if any problem occurs in his married life because of you
then I will never forgive you in my life
think once again, Falak
there is still time
lets go back home
somehow we'll find out the way of this issue
there is only one solution of this problem
separate house
Falak, this is not possible for me. Its quite difficult
Please try to understand this compulsion
its not possible?
then its fine, Kabir
leave me... divorce me
Falak
how easily you have said to divorce you
will you be able to live without me?
I cannot live
but I cannot tolerate all this anymore, Kabir
sister Aliya's taunts etc..
she has made me miserable
it seems as if I have become so tired of it
sometimes I feel that I will die while keeping your family happy
you cannot do anything, because your hands are tied
sister Aliya cannot tolerate me in that house. Then you tell me what shall I do?
it doesn't make any difference to you but I feel suffocated in that house now
what shall I do? Where shall I go?
instead of dragging your life
its better for you to leave me
and stay happy in your life
Falak
I cannot imagine to leave you or to stay without you
a person gives thousands of sacrifices for those whom we love, Kabir
and I am not asking you to give a very big sacrifice
before marriage you had claimed that you'll keep me very happy
I am not asking you to get me moon & stars
its not that difficult, Kabir
now you have to decide
do you love me or... 
leave it
let it be
go home, its quite late night
mom, sister Nawal...
sister Nawal... mom
Falak, you are here & that too so late night. Is everything alright?
Falak, what happened? Talk to me
Falak! 
mom... .
what happened my dear? Why are you crying?
at least tell me what had happened? Is everything alright?
nothing is fine mom, everything is finished
what has been finished, Falak?
At least tell us what had happened.
sister Aliya has ousted me from the house
had Aliya told the entire reality to Kabir?
No, I had covered that matter
then what had happened? At least tell us, why she has ousted you from the house?
the same that sister Aliya wanted
She couldn't tolerate my existence in that house since day one. She wanted a chance, and she got it
No, so where were Kabir & brother Toqeer? They didn't said anything?
how can anyone say anything? Everyone is helpless in front of her. Nobody says anything
mom, call Kabir right away & ask him what is this way
do they think that Falak is an orphan, that they have ousted her from the house in the middle of the night?
what is this way?
there is no need to call anyone, mom
leave it
why there is no need to call?
if I will not call them, then they will never realize their mistake
the daughter & daughter-in-law of the house is the family's respect. How can they oust her in the middle of the night?
mom, there is no need to call them
As it is, she bad mouths about me to everyone. She did my character assassination
there is no need to talk to her
if you'll call her then she'll start bad mouthing about me to you
but my dear, if I will not say anything then they'll feel that you have nobody to support you
and they'll keep doing anything, and nobody will question them
does a thief accepts after stealing anything? 
How will they accept then?
Okay enough...
there is no need to talk to them
Okay, nobody will talk. Just don't worry, we'll take out some way
come with me, come & do some rest
have you dropped her?
yes
I am thinking to keep a small get together in our house in the joy of your engagement. What do you say?
why small? keep a big one
No, Nazish cannot come. We'll keep a big one once she'll come here. For now, lets invite a few people
Okay, what objection can I have?
Umm... is Sunday fine?
I hope you don't have to go anywhere
No... I have a flight to Islamabad on Friday. And I will be back on Saturday
Sunday done! Lock it
let me call others & invite...
Kabir
yes sister?
I have made your favorite cheese omelet. Come & have breakfast first
you guys shall do the breakfast, I am not hungry
did you like the omelet?
where are you going?
at least have breakfast
thank you!
is Falak awake?
No, I didn't wake her up. Let her sleep as she is upset
I don't understand Falak
how can we solve this issue without talking to Kabir & Aliya?
its important to talk to them
I can never imagine that these people will be like this
now tell me, if well-educated people will do such cheap acts then eventually the society will be affected
there is no room for patience, nothing else
if we start giving space to each other, then the matter will never come to this extent
sister Aliya wants to govern that house, the way she used to do it earlier
She doesn't even gives a little space to Falak
if she would have kept a big heart then maybe the matter wouldn't have reached to this extent
anyways... nothing has been ruined as of yet. We'll go & talk to them
they should know that Falak is not an orphan
Ok remember one thing, when we'll go to talk to them
then we'll say that Falak is not your real daughter. Or we'll mention that...
sister Aliya came here to inquire
if sister Aliya has not discussed about it, then we should also not discuss it
We had made a very big mistake
I hid the reality by coming into Falak's words
I have such a big burden on my heart
one day or the other the truth will be exposed to everyone
until when it will stay hidden?
don't know what storm will come then? 
I don't know how we'll face all that
we have to face it
its our compulsion to hide this matter right now
Sir, Aliya maam has asked for the file. Please give it to me if you have finalized it
yes, take it
thank you, sir
there is only one solution of this problem
a separate house
leave me... divorce me
sister Aliya cannot tolerate me in that house. Then you tell me what shall I do?
it doesn't make any difference to you but I feel suffocated in that house now
a person gives thousands of sacrifices for those whom we love, Kabir
and this sacrifice is nothing
before marriage you had claimed that you'll this, you'll that and will keep me very happy
now you have to decide
do you love me or... 
Kabir
yes sister
have you filled this quotation?
yes, I did. Is there any problem?
look at this
oh my God!
Sorry, I don't know how come I have made this mistake
where is your focus, Kabir?
this mistake could have been such a big loss for us, if I wouldn't have checked it
sister, I think I am not in my senses
I don't know how I have made such a big mistake. Let me do it again
Kabir, are you okay?
yes, I am fine. Actually I couldn't sleep properly last night that's why I am a bit disturbed
let me rectify it, Ok?
No... I think you should go home & rest. 
You need rest. Please quickly go home
Yes, you are right. I have some work in the office, then I will leave
Kabir, I have never seen so disturbed. You really need to do rest
the work will be done, please..
I'm sorry again, and thanks!
We have never expected this from a well educated family
why? What we did, tell us? What we have done?
Aliya...
why should I stay quiet?
We had gone to your in-laws house to talk to them
what!
I was thinking to call you because its been so long that we haven't talked.
 How is Nawal?
Nawal is also fine, you know we hardly get any free time from the house chores
I will pay you a visit in a few days with Nawal
Okay, I have called you to give an invitation
in the joy of engagement, this Sunday I have kept a get together in my house
you guys have to come for sure
God willing, we'll come for sure
Tell Nawal to call me, I feel like talking to her
Sure, I will convey your message. She'll call you
Okay, take care. Bye!
bye!
whose call it was, mom?
it was Ms. Sofia's call
Next Sunday she has kept a dinner in the joy of engagement ceremony. So she was giving an invitation
mom, by the way aunt Sofia isn't being so sweet?
the same way Asjad's mother was pretending
mom, I am feeling so scared
what if tomorrow something happens again
no, no... there is a lot of difference in both the families, Falak
and Ms. Sofia is such an honorable & wise woman
but still, I would recommend you to be careful
Okay, go tell Nawal to call her. She is missing her
Okay
sister Nawal, mom got a call from aunt Sofia
she is saying that she has kept a dinner on Sunday. She was giving an invitation
yes, Hamza was telling me that she has kept a dinner in the joy of engagement ceremony
really? By the way, your mother-in-law pretends to be very sweet
she talks quite sugar quoted words
sometimes it feels that talking to her for long time will make a person go diabetic
Falak, she is like this. She treats everyone like this
Such people are quite dangerous. Who are different from the face & something else from within
Her nature is very polite. You have met her, she is not like that Falak
anyways, no matter how polite anyone is. Everything changes after marriage
look at sister Aliya, how she has changed her colors like a chameleon
can anybody say that she is the same Aliya who was before marriage
anyways, I am saying this for your betterment. Don't let her become so free
if today you'll make her so free, then tomorrow they'll beat you
its not necessary that every person is same
it doesn't take much time for a person to change
I don't want you to tolerate whatever I have suffered from
I want your betterment
So be careful & stay vigilant
you guys have done a lot of injustice
you have ousted her from the house
you people are well-educated
if there was an issue then you guys could have solved it by talking upon it
sorry to say, but honorable people don't do such things
but we haven't ousted her from the house, she had left the house herself
in fact, Kabir has dropped her to your house. if you want you can ask him
Its fine that she had gone herself, but why the matter got to this extent?
the issue was between sister Aliya & Falak, so it should be solved in the house
the matter will come out, everyone will talk about it & make a drama out of it
a lot of issues happens in a house, but one doesn't leave the house like this
Falak should have thought about it, she is making the spectacle out of it
who had asked her to leave from here? She had left as per her own will
the way Falak has been treated in this house, whatever you were doing with her
after that, what other option is left with Falak besides coming back to home? tell me
I have handover my daughter to you people so that you guys will care about her & will value her
instead of treating her badly
Ms. Sultana, its not like that. Nobody has done any sort of oppression on her
there were a few misunderstandings due to which the matters got exaggerated. Nothing else
nobody leaves the house on the basis of misunderstandings
and maybe its a small matter for you but...
whatever Falak has told us, they are quite humiliating
We have never expected this from a well educated family
why? What we did, tell us? What we have done?
Aliya...
why should I stay quiet? Can't you see how they are scolding me?
Instead of feeling sorry for doing something wrong, you are exulting in it!
did she inquire her daughter even once before coming here?
She is such a big liar, hypocrite & an impostor
She shook the basis of my family
Falak is the one who has been exaggerating whatever is happening here
she is the one who has created misunderstandings
Aliya, please be quiet
why should I stay quiet?
she has made both of you against me, also she has told the lies to them
these people doesn't even fear God at all!
doesn't she know her daughter's nature?
and if she says that she doesn't know, then she is lying
whatever she has told you & Kabir, and to them. Its all a lie
Aliya, stop it!
Fine! You don't want to believe me right? Don't do it
all of you will regret, the day Falak's reality will be exposed
Aliya... Aliya!
oh!
hey Hamza you! how are you?
I am absolutely fine, you tell me
I am also fine
how come you are here?
Umm... I came to meet Nawal. Is she home?
didn't you call her? 
She is not at home, she has gone somewhere with mom
No, I had called her but she didn't receive
sister is quite careless
you were calling her, no matter how busy she was. She should have attended the call
at least, she could have inform you that she is not at home
do you know sister Nawal is like this since childhood
maybe, you don't value the things that you get very easily
then whether its love or relationship. 
She is also like that
and she doesn't value the people who are associated to her at all
she knows they are here
anyways, why are you standing here? Come inside. 
I was making coffee, let me make it for you too. I make a very good one.
No, no thank you so much! Actually I remember some work
but do inform Nawal whenever she comes back that I had visited
See, I think the more we'll talk on this matter the more our personal issues will be increased
therefore please explain Falak, tell her that such petty matters do happen in every house. Its not a very big deal
one should show some patience
Kabir
you are her husband, right? 
You didn't supported her as well
no matter what others did with her
even you had left her to be judged
what shall I say?
I had never thought that I have to face all this after marriage
and you are right, I am her husband
that's why, I also apologize to you & to you too
I remember, I wasn't agreed for this proposal. But I was convinced upon your insistence
and honestly speaking, today I am very much disappointed upon my decision
See, whatever you are saying is right
We have made mistakes & I am so ashamed. 
 And I will explain Aliya
but please, please explain Falak & tell her to come back home
whatever issues & complains she have. We'll sit & solve them personally
today, after seeing everything from our own eyes. How can we send her back over here?
Aliya did a lot of injustices with Falak
Tell Aliya to come over there & apologize to Falak
and you guys shall guarantee me that now Falak won't be treated like that in this house
only after that, we'll think about sending back Falak to this house
Ok fine! I apologize to you on behalf of Aliya. And I will explain her
and I guarantee you that next time we will not give you a chance to complain
Tell Falak to please come back home
hey, you guys are back?'
yes dear, we are back
where have you been?'
we had gone for some important work
and sister Nawal, why weren't you receiving Hamza's call?
he came here, he seem quite upset
I was busy that's why I didn't receive
where were you busy? what was the work? I should also know
we have gone to your in-laws house to talk to them
what!
I had forbidden you, then what was the need to go there?
don't talk childish, Falak. We had to go to talk to them
We had to ask them about the injustices which they are doing with you
dear look, the issues will only be resolved by sitting & talking
when I had forbidden you guys, then what was the need to go there?
Falak look, everyone is guilty
We had a word with Toqeer, he is saying.. He has assured us that he will talk to Aliya
nothing as such will ever happen next time
also Kabir has promised us that he will take very good care of you
absolutely! the way they have explained her earlier
nobody breathes over there without sister Aliya's permission
I have told Kabir, that if he wants to continue with this relation then he shall get me a separate house
otherwise he shall divorce me!
have you gone mad?
you have said such a big thing so easily? Is this a joke?
Falak, right now control your anger
I have tolerated & suffered whatever injustices had happened with me over there
I cannot tolerate anymore. 
Its my right. I am not asking for anything illegal, mom
if Kabir will not get me a separate house, I have said this thing clearly to Kabir
that I will never go back there
and if my husband cannot give me my right, then I don't need such a husband
Falak, right now you are angry. Just relax for a few days, then we'll talk on this topic
what now? Even after a week or a month...
I won't change my decision, & I have already said to Kabir
separate house or end this marriage
finally you got the time to call?
I'm sorry Hamza
actually I was sitting somewhere with mom & we were talking on some issue that's why I couldn't attend the call
its alright, there is no need to give so much of explanation
by the way its true, you don't value those things which you get very easily
you are getting upset like kids
as I said, I was stuck in a problem. Don't you believe me?
anyways, what's the matter? 
Falak was telling me that you came home as well
yes.. I was in a mood to do the lunch. So I thought of doing it together
that's why I came to your house directly from the office
I'm sorry, I didn't knew. If I would have known then I wouldn't have gone with mom
Okay, lets do one thing. Lets do the dinner together
dinner?
I have no problem but you decide, what if you get some other important work
stop it! Taunting doesn't suits you
Okay, see you at the dinner
Okay, bye!
bye
how are you?
how can I be?
I couldn't sleep the entire night, I was just thinking about you
then why are you punishing yourself & me? Lets go home Falak, I am coming to pick you
No Kabir, you will not come to pick me. I will not go back home like this
Falak, please leave your contumacy. Isn't it possible for us to sit & solve this issue?
its not my contumacy but my right!
I also want to have my own house which I can decorate. Where I can live peacefully
then Falak, who has stopped you? That is also your house
you can decorate it as per your desire, who has stopped you?
No Kabir, that is not my house
its sister Aliya's house
Falak, you know that I cannot shift into a separate house by leaving my brother & sister-in-law
Kabir, I have decided
I won't come back to the house like this
you have only two options. 
Just think once before making any decision
that if the decision won't come in my favor then I will kill myself
you have to agree with me for sure...