Kabeer.. Sister Nawal had  called.
She told me she gave you a cheque and you refused to take it.
Yes. Because I don't want to take money from my wife's sister.
Kabeer whats wrong with it?
And if you can solve your problems with that cheque, you'll not have to sell the apartment at least.
All this is in its place, Falak,
but tell me why did you ask Nawal for help when I told you not to.
Don't you know me? I've never begged anyone for money.
She isn't giving you a charity. Its my right.
Falak its not your right.
If you want you can get anything from them after emotionally blackmailing them
otherwise they have given you whats rightfully yours, getting you married.
Kabeer I know you're doing all this to bother me.
You know I don't want to go back to that house.
You also know sister Aaliya will not tolerate me in that house.
sister Aaliya didn't have a problem then.
You were the one with the problem.
What are you trying to say?
Falak I simply want to say, I cannot rent a house,
I don't have any money and I'll not take a loan from Nawal.
Because my conscience will not tolerate this.
Mom called.
Actually Nazish isn't well. I'll have to go to Canada.
I want to know your answer before I go.
About what?
Nawal you know well what I'm asking.
Then you know my answer to that very well.
Nawal please. Just think about it with a cool mind.
I've thought about it.
Why do you force me about it again and again?
Have you ever been abroad? No. You have no idea about the lifestyle there.
There's a huge difference between life here and there.
I know there's a huge difference but I'd like to live here.
Nawal please try to understand. If I stay here permanently, who'll look over the business there?
Business. Business. Business. That's the only thing you think about.
Have you ever thought whats here? I'm here.
Our love is here. Where are the tall claims you made to me, now?
You forced me so much when you came back.
You ran after me, I didn't. You apologized and I only agreed after a long time.
If you had to settle there, why did you come back, you should have settled there.
Time changes the way people think. Whats wrong about it?
I thought living here was good earlier but now I feel life there would be better. My business has a good scope there.
Circumstances change. People don't.
I feel you've changed.
Its not like that Nawal.
Here's your tea.
Thank you.
I'll look over it later. Give me the tea.
Kabeer has sold the apartment.
He's shifting here this weekend.
What?
And Falak has agreed?
No. She hasn't but she will.
Kabeer was saying that Falak doesn't take care of Ilham.
She's only going out all the time.
What else do you expect?
She left from here so that nobody could stop her there.
Remember this. This woman isn't made for a house.
Touqeer..
It doesn't look good on you to talk like this.
Why doesn't it? She didn't value a loyal man like Kabeer.
I can write it down that she'll suffer.
Oh well, they're shifting again.
We'll do what we need to do for them.
When I told Hafsa that her uncle Kabeer was shifting here with Ilham, she was beyond happy.
I know..
I valued my dreams over human beings.
Had I known that you weren't a part of my dreams when they turned to reality, I would have never chased them Nawal.
I had everything and yet I was empty handed. I felt as if I had lost the most important thing in life.
Can you not forgive me?
A person's thoughts change with time. Whats wrong with it?
Earlier I thought living here was a good idea.
But now I think living there is better. Life is better there and I have good scope for business.
Mam Nawal, please come and have dinner.
Has mom eaten?
No. She didn't even have lunch.
When I told her to eat or she would get sick, she said she didn't feel like. You also please ask her once.
Alright, do one thing. Bring dinner for me and mom in mom's room.
Alright, mam.
Mom?
Yes?
What happened, are you alright? Why aren't you eating?
Its nothing. I just feel down. I have a headache.
Mom, you have a high fever.
Wait a second.
It seems you have high blood pressure.
Are you not taking your medicines?
You have 101 fever.
I do take my medicine. I just miss it at times.
Had you taken it regularly, will your blood pressure be high?
I'm asking Zakia to serve dinner.
What would you do if I'm not around?
Hmm...
See, there's a risk.
You know my situation very well.
I have no investment. Where will I get the investment from?
See I know your company is in a loss
and I know you have rumors spreading about you in the market. But you're my friend.
And this is why I want you to be my partner.
What if you back off later and if that happens, it will be a big problem for me.
Don't worry.
You just support me, I'm not the one to back out.
How to manage everything, it will be my headache.
Okay. But, where will we get the investment from?
Of course, I will be investing.
You'll just have to check over the management. You're already an expert in that.
Don't worry about the money.
Actually, Qaiser, see, I too, wanted to venture into a new business other than food.
The way some of my friends landed my company into a crisis,
had I invested in some other business, I might not have faced such difficult times.
I would have survived.
You know the first rule of business. Never put all your eggs in the same basket and that's the mistake I made.
Now I'm trying to rectify my mistake.
Kabeer that's why I'm asking you to join me.
See, I will find a lot of partners in Pakistan but since I work out of Pakistan,
I want a partner here who is trustworthy.
And I will manage everything abroad.
You'll have to manage here in Pakistan.
See Kabeer, this medicine company has been trying to put up a plant in Pakistan for the past six months.
But unfortunately they haven't been successful.
and Hamza also invested in this.
I had to separate him because I now feel he's not interested in any business in Pakistan.
And more over, Shirazi is behind this as well. He has been trying.
Alright then. I'll see. I don't promise.
See Kabeer.
Tell me your final decision.
If you're not joining me, I'll talk to someone else.
But remember this. This is a golden opportunity for you.
If you strike this deal, this will change your market reputation.
Okay. Lets do it.
Thank you.
I'm sure, that you'll not be let down.
As God wills.
As God wills. I'll leave now. I'll call you in two days now.
Fine.
Okay then. See you.
Kabeer?
Yes sister?
Do you know? Nawal called me.
To be honest, turning her sincerity down doesn't seem the right thing.
Even I don't feel right
but what can we do? How can we take such a big amount as loan?
What if we cannot return it?
I have thought about it.
Why shouldn't we ask Nawal to come on board as a stake holder? Invest.
And if she does, its fine otherwise we'll say no then.
Take your time. Think about it.
Nawal if you become a shareholder and join us as a partner, then,
we can take this money.
Absolutely right.
If you want to help us. Give my company your expertise.
Yes but..
how is this possible? I have no experience in the food and beverage industry.
But you're an expert in finance.
You can look after our finance department. Kabeer and I will handle the rest.
Exactly.
See you're investing. It'll be good for you to see everything for yourself.
As it is, the company will benefit from your experience.
See Nawal, if you don't join us, we'll not take the money from you.
Now the decision is yours.
Keep this too. Hurry up. We're getting late. Do we have everything?
Yes almost.
Alright. I've asked the maid. She'll not come from tomorrow.
Why? Why did you say no to her? She handles Ilham, she'll come with us.
We don't need her. We have so many servants there.
As it is, Ilham is your responsibility. You don't do anything else. At least do this properly.
You could say this without taunting as well.
I'm just trying to make you understand.
Another thing. Now that's we're going back. I don't want anything to embarrass me.
Yes why not? I'll stick on a tape right away so that I'll be silent. Alright?
Falak I'm just saying. Don't repeat what happened earlier.
I'm not saying you're wrong
but you shouldn't do anything to worry me.
sister Aaliya is calling.
Hello?
Yes we're done packing. Half of the things are in the car. We're leaving.
Yes we'll come soon. Okay.
Okay Falak, come fast. We are getting late
All advises are just for me. My life will become hell again.
You had a similar cot like Ilham's.
The stars are beautifully. The blue one is especially beautiful.
Really? Thank you.
Mom, now that we have set the baby's room, so now,
uncle will never leave us?
Yes. Uncle is going to live here now. Are you happy?
Yes. Mom, I will play with the baby. I'll give her my toys as well.
When will uncle come?
He'll be here soon.
Wait a little. Have some patience okay.
But you need to promise me and dad.
That you will not bother uncle, aunt and Ilham.
Of course. I'm a good girl.
You're a good girl. This is right.
Sir Kabeer and mam Falak are here.
Uncle's here. Lets go and get the baby..
Come along. Welcome back. Its good to see you guys back here.
Wow. Very nice.
I am so happy that my house is complete once again.
Uncle give Ilham to me so that I can play with her.
Oh no. She'll fall down. She's quite small now
How did you like everything?
I loved it. Its very nice and I believe this must be your idea.
Falak, I want you to clean your heart for me.
I have never wanted bad for you. I've always prayed for your happiness.
You people settle down. I'll get tea going. We'll have dinner together.
Of course.
Take care of the kids. Lets go.
Thank you.
Falak? Didn't you like everything?
Its good Kabeer. Whats special? Its okay.
sister Aaliya and brother Toqueer are so happy. To tell you the truth, even I'm happy.
I didn't know we would get such a good welcome.
Its a good show off. They can fool you but not me.
Nawal if you need anything or if you don't understand, ask me.
Of course. If I need, I'll ask you.
Look around the office this week, we'll start visiting the branches together next week.
Sounds good. Done.
I pray that your joining proves to be a blessing for all of us.
Amen.
Come, I'll show you your room.
Sure. Sure.
Sir the medicine company we were working with, we have a mail from them.
What is it?
Sir they don't want to work with us. They have canceled the contract.
What? But why?
Sir, I've forwarded the mail to you.
How can they cancel this contract?
Sir they have objected that we haven't been working fast since the past six years.
They say that we aren't serious with the project.
We have invested millions and they now feel we are not sincere.
Ask Mr. Qureshi to talk to them and get them to agree for the project. We'll lose millions.
Alright sir. We'll talk.
sister Aaliya?
I have a good news.
Tell me.
I am starting a new business with my friend Qaiser.
What!
What sort of a business? Whats the nature of the business? Kabeer you didn't tell me.
Its a pharmaceutical business.
I was thinking I should have another business alongside the food business.
But I didn't get a chance, now that I have the chance,
So I thought I'd make use of it.
And the success I've received on the first step, I think I made the right decision.
But, you were scammed one time earlier
and the current situation in the market,
circumstances aren't favorable and keeping everything in mind, I would suggest you not to take any risk.
I know but don't worry at all.
Actually Qaiser is a very good friend of mine.
The company he works for, he's the country manager for that.
He's the one investing. I will handle the management only.
Don't you say that there's no time to start any particular business but once you start, that is the right time.
And I've decided that I'll make the best of this opportunity.
What if I regret later that I didn't avail the opportunity.
I would have been successful otherwise.
Kabeer, it seems easy right now but there will be problems in the future.
That's why I'm warning you. Do whatever you want to do after thinking things through.
There are about zero percent chances of failure.
My friend is investing and I'm the share holder worth 50%.
Okay. If you're so hopeful then its alright.
Do however you feel fit.
Thank you so much. Thank you.
Good luck.
Sir try to understand. There were some problems but they'll not come again.
Sir please. Give us another chance.
We will suffer a lot if this agreement is canceled.
What?! How could you do this? 
That man has no credibility in the market!
This company is going to go bankrupt.
What happened? What did he say?
Sir, they don't want to continue the agreement with us.
But why? Whats the problem? Everything was fine.
Sir, we had slow progression since the past few months.
Slower than the demand of the company.
So what? We have problems. But this doesn't mean that we cancel the contract.
Do one thing. Arrange a meeting for me with Qaiser. I'll talk to him myself.
Sir, Mr. Qaiser has canceled the agreement himself and finalized the deal with Mr. Kabeer.
What?
No. That's impossible. This cannot be. You must be mistaken.
Kabeer isn't in this business as well. He must have taken another name.
No sir, he took Mr. Kabeer's name.
And as far as I know, they're both old class fellows and best friends.
Alright, get me a meeting with Qaiser and let me know.
Sir, Mr. Qaiser is giving a time to meet after a week.
He's doing everything deliberately. 
He wants to compete with me. I'll not spare him.
You go. I'll handle this.
Okay sir.
I'll see how you'll strike this deal.
What are you doing here?
I didn't want to come but you forced me to come here.
Whatever I did, I did in front of you. I didn't back stab you.
If you want to be my enemy, don't back stab me. Confront me.
Hamza I don't understand, what you're saying. What did I do?
The medicine company you finalized a deal with.
I'm talking about that. You knew very well I was working with that company.
 I've invested millions.
Right now backing off means a loss worth millions 
and I won't let this happen.
The company has canceled the contract with you Hamza.
You got the contract canceled through your friend, Qaiser. Your class fellow.
You used him to get this contract.
I know everything myself.
Hamza you told me yourself that you didn't want to work in Pakistan. 
That's why I said yes to working with him.
Otherwise I had no experience of that sort of a work.
Really? Will you now tell me how to run a business?
Where to invest and where not?
 Will you dictate me? Are you even worth it?
When you pulled out your shares from my company you told me yourself that you didn't want to work in Pakistan. 
Now why are you all worked up?
Its the last warning for you. Call off the deal.
And if you don't?
Then?
What will you do?
I'll destroy you. 
I'll bring you to a point that people will hold you as a symbol of trying to become enemies with Hamza Hashim.
If we have friends like you, then we don't need any enemies. 
The biggest mistake in my life was not recognizing you.
You have so many grudges inside you that you destroyed a true relationship like friendship.
If you had asked me with love, I would have called off the deal.
 But now..
Not now. I'll just compete with you now. 
Do whatever you want to do.
I will not cancel the deal now.
You will suffer because of this.
Remember this.
What happened Ilham? Why are you crying?
What happened?
What happened why is she crying?
I don't know why she's crying.
Can you please see?
Media care... 
Go and take her to her room and put her to sleep.
Hello? Its good that you called.
I have a good news for you.
You have been cast in a drama as the second lead.
Really?
This is really a good news.
Yes but the shoot begins in three days.
 I have convinced the producer with a lot of difficulty.
Its a negative character but you know how much margin a negative character has for acting. 
Its a very strong character.
This will boost your career.
What are you saying Maria? Negative role for the first project. 
This will type cast me as a negative character.
Don't worry. Start your work for now. You'll get good characters in the future.
Falak do one thing, come to the office tomorrow and sign the agreement.
Give me time to think.
You know Maria, my heart doesn't agree.
Why do you worry Falak? I'm here. Trust me.
Alright. You're right. I'll come.
Now we're talking. Come to the office tomorrow and we'll meet. Okay. Bye.
Write an email to the company owner and mention that their country manager, Qaiser,
is favoring his relationship with Kabeer. They were class fellows and friends.
And this Qaiser is a very biased man. 
He deliberately presented a foul report about our company and got our contract canceled.
We demand an investigation and if the company doesn't continue with our contract, 
we need the invested capital back.
And if this doesn't happen, we'll go to court.
But sir the agreement clearly stated that if we didn't satisfy the company's requirements,
the company could cancel the contract when it wanted to and we cannot sue them.
What did I tell you?
Go and get the email done. Don't tell me what to do.
Okay sir.
You'll see what I'll do with you. You want to compete with me. I'll destroy you.
What did I thought about that man and how he turned out to be? 
He has such cheap thinking.
He threatened to destroy you, only because you signed a contract?
Do you know what the problem is?
We think others are always mistaken and we are always right. He isn't looking within.
Whatever he did with us and how he made us suffer, he isn't even thinking about it.
How could you listen to his threats? 
You should have called the security and threw him out. What does he think of himself?
Trust me, I wanted to do the same but I respected the old connections we had.
He is a very cheap man.
But, don't worry. What could he do worst? 
He will try to get your deal canceled.
He cannot do anything else.
No. No matter what happens, this deal will not be called off.
If he's being stubborn, I'll be stubborn as well.
Nawal why are you being stubborn? 
Listen to me. We'll be very happy.
No Hamza. I will not accept this. You'll have to decide now.
Decide what?
If you have to settle abroad, you'll have to leave me.
What? Are you in your senses Nawal? What are you saying?
Exactly what you're hearing.
I turned to you because I thought you had realized your mistake and you had changed.
But I was mistaken. 
You were the same person and I cannot spend my life with someone who worries more about his business than anybody else.
You told me once that I had to chose between Shirazi and you. 
Today I'm asking you to chose between your dream to live abroad or me?!
Its your decision, Hamza.
I have a meeting with Mr. Ehsan next week. I want to solve the issue with the rates.
Okay.
Please take the file and give it to the team and ask them to start with the visits.
Okay sir.
What happened? Why are you crying? Come here.
Come here. Stop.. See I brought your milk. What happened?
What happened? She has high fever.
Hello?
Sir, Ilham isn't well. She has high fever.
What? Where is Falak?
She went outside. I called her so many times but she isn't receiving.
Alright. If the fever is very high, keep a cold wash cloth on her head. 
I'm coming in ten minutes.
What happened?
Ilham is very sick. Falak isn't home either.
 I'm going home. I'll have to take her to the hospital.
I'm coming with you.
Okay. Come.
Doctor, how is my daughter now?
The child has mild pneumonia. She is very weak.
Are you the child's mother? You should know how to take care of her.
No, she is her aunt.
My daughter's mother is out for some work.
Oh I'm sorry. I thought she was the mother.
You have to take care of the child. I have prescribed some medicines.
 Please get the medicines, the nurse will guide you.
And you'll have to bring her for another check up after one week.
Okay. Thank you.
Nawal, thank you so much. Had you not been there, it would have been difficult for me to handle Ilham?
Oh Kabeer, what are you saying?
An aunt is like a mother to her niece. Ilham is my dear.
I was worried more than you.
But the one who should be worried doesn't even know.