do you know Hamza I was going through a very tough time in my life when you came along.
Its your encouragement that allowed me to get stable. 
I respect you a lot, sister
but if you disrespect me, then don't expect me to respect you.
 I think sister Aaliya didn't tell you many things that I can do.
You throw a party to celebrate your wedding when your family is happy.
You married that girl secretively. 
I was insulted every time. And here, you have aunty.
She insults me every other time. It mean I have no value. 
Alright, if she wants to cancel, do it. I'll be happy with whatever she wants.
I thought you were different than Kabeer
You will say whats right. 
You'll have separate values for everybody at home.
You will be able to give people their rights to express what they want but...
 I was wrong.
Mom has a problem holding a reception at home.
I'll do one thing, let me book a nice venue. 
then I think she'll not object.
As you find right, as you wish
See, I can't see you worried
you are right
we haven't committed any sin
then why shall we care about others?
I will do everything as per your choice
Zakiya... come here for a second
maam Nawal, somebody has sent these flowers
who sent them?
I don't know, but the courier guy had brought them
Okay, keep them & please make me a cup of tea
you must have got the invitation card
Hamza & I are keeping a very big reception in the joy of our wedding
you will come, right?
you didn't had to do this
what do you want to prove by sending me an invitation?
why are you doing all this?
You are my only sister. 
And if a sister will not come in her sister's wedding reception then it will look so awkward
what will people think?
As it is, only you are my parents family. So its mandatory for you to come over
Just think, people will gossip if nobody will come from my side
No, no... you have to come for sure. You will come, right?
I liked him.
But no, he loved you. Right? He was blind in your love.
So I had to do something to create misunderstandings between both of you.
So finally you have kept the function of your wedding reception
Since I had forbidden you for not doing it at home so you booked a hotel, very good!
It had to be done, so I thought why not now
this way Falak will also meet everyone
if you have come to invite me on this function, then I am sorry. But I will not attend
Do I need to invite you?
You are my mother, my family...  so obviously you'll be there
maybe you are not getting my point. Naazish & I will not attend this wedding reception
Okay
so it means that you have decided that you'll not take part in your son's happiness
there is no need for an argument, dear
if you can make such a big decision of your life yourself, 
without asking me or sister. Without involving us, then... 
do the wedding reception yourself as well. 
What is the need for us to come over there, dear?
Fine! if this is the choice of you people
then I won't insist
anyways, by the way... kindly handover me our extended family's jewelry and the jewelry that you had kept for my to-be wife
Why? Why shall I give it to you?
Falak is my wife, she has a right on them. She has to wear them tomorrow on the wedding reception
maybe she is associated to you, but she isn't related to me at all
I haven't accepted her at all
A girl who can betray her sister, and can take over her right
I will never accept that girl as my daughter-in-law, my dear
you need to be clear on this
I mean, what if tomorrow she did the same with you that she has done with her sister
then we'll face quite a huge loss
mom please, why are you saying such things?
Falak isn't that type of a girl
She is not like this or that... but I know how she is. As Aliya has told me the entire story
whatever sister Aliya has told you is a complete lie
they did injustice with Falak, she was betrayed
Trust me! Falak loves you a lot, she respects you a lot
Besides, she had asked me to cancel this event
and to do everything as per your mom's choice
please try talking to her once for my sake
all of your misunderstandings will be cleared
try to remove the blindfold of misunderstanding from your eyes once
my eyes aren't blind folded by misunderstanding, but yours
you are unable to see anything
and these sugar coated words, you can come into them but I cannot. I am not that fool, my dear
a lot of people are saying the same thing about this girl
everyone cannot lie, right?
There must be something
its just that only you cannot see
remember my words... 
wherever you see smoke, just believe it that must be some fire 
and the day you'll get to know her reality, you'll regret a lot
I feel really sorry for you, my dear.
Really!
anyways, I have a lot of work
Hamza, I had told you not to talk to aunty. She will not give them
what was the need to talk to her?
that jewelry was for my to-be wife
that's why you have the right on them
Hamza, there is no value of things
you have entered my life, so what more I would be needing?
we are going to the mall right away, and I will buy you much better jewelry than that
what's with you Hamza? I already have a few old sets, I will wear something from them
No, there is no need to. Today onward you'll only wear whatever I will buy for you
Okay fine just relax now. Its okay
I know Nawal, you are hurt and angry with me
but I promise you, I will fix everything. Just trust me for once
Nawal, whatever pain you've been through because of me. I will repent it
I will give you so much of love that you'll forget everything
still, if you ever feel that we cannot unite ever
then I will never come in your way, that's my promise
your sister & aunty didn't come?
you already know that they will not come
I know, but the guests doesn't know
everyone is asking the same thing that why they haven't come. What shall I answer everyone?
we'll discuss it at home, don't spoil mine & your mood by talking on it
these are all those gifts that you had gifted me
now I have returned all of those things that you had given me
Nawal, you shouldn't have come here
it was important to come, because I didn't wanted any memory of this relation
I am disappointed that I had fallen in love with such a disgusting & lowly person
I feel disappointed that I.. 
this isn't any disappointment at all!
 You'll regret when her reality will be exposed to you.
You'll see her true face
then you'll understand that she had planned to create misunderstandings between us
what rubbish you are talking?
by telling all these lies, you want to make him go against me. Right?
and Hamza, what are you listening? Call the guards & oust her
I feel disgusted from you. I had considered you my sister, and look what you've proved to be
oblivious person, selfish!
Stop it Nawal! What's her fault in it? What she did?
I had left you just because of you
the person whom I hate the most until today, you had been in an affair with that guy!
such a stupidity doesn't suits you while being such a big businessman, Hamza
Open your eyes! I never had an affair with Kabir. It was all her planning
to take me to Kabir's house, to call you from there & to call you over
Its all her doing!
Open your eyes and see what's happening with you!
if I had to be in an affair, then I wouldn't have done it when you had gone after leaving me?
She has trapped you for her benefit
you are lying. Complete lie!
what benefit Falak would have from me?
Your money, your wealth.. your status. Is this what you had said to me, right?
She is telling a lie. When did I said all this? And why would I say this, Hamza?
No, its not me who is lying but you. And you know it very well
Stop it! Enough is enough. What do you want to prove by coming here & saying all this?
do you consider yourself a very pious person?
I was quiet until now so that your honor wouldn't get ruined
but if everyone wants to hear, then let me tell them
You got me divorced by having an affair with Kabir, also you had provoked him against me
and now you are provoking Hamza against me!
don't know why she is telling so many lies. Why don't you spare my life?
do a favor on me & spare my life. Go away from here
I don't need anyone's testimony to prove myself a pious person
Nawal. go away from here
before that I... 
before that what you'll do?
what will you do with your ex-fiance?
will you push me out of this place yourself? Will you drag me? or beat me?
but do you know, its not even your fault
misunderstanding is such a disease
a person looses its capability to think, he becomes blind. And you!
You should die of shame, God is still giving your leniency Falak
but I will say one thing to you for sure
this world is karma
whatever you did, you have to bear it
and God never wastes anyone's tolerance
and Hamza, you already know. Why would I lie?
stop this rubbish!
today you are looking quite fresh & happy. All praise to God
thanks to God a million times that I have recovered after staying sick for so long
I hate you!
you haven't done good to me
I will never forgive you!
Hamza, control yourself
what does she think of herself?
If I want, I would have answered to all of her words there & then
but still I stayed quiet. Why? 
Just for the sake of her respect
but she! She has tarnished my image in front of all. I was so embarrassed!
She came over there for that, so that she can spoil our function.
And she got successful in it. 
Look at your condition!
Who had invited her? You, right?
if you had to invite her, then you should have asked me once
I wanted to invite her that's why I had invited
She doesn't consider herself as my sister, but I do consider her as my sister
who else do I have in this world except for her?
I had thought that she will come & will give blessings to her sister
how would I know that she will do all these dramas?
I had invited her by thinking that all the old grievances will be over, but what she did?
She came over there & didn't bothered about her honor or ours
anyways, whatever happened was so wrong
all the big businessman of this city were there along with their families
I was feeling so embarrassed in front of them
even I got embarrassed! All of my friends & acquaintances were there. What they must be thinking about me!
She made a spectacle in front of all!
what is this drama? Why you both are making so much of noise? What is wrong?
what difference does it make to you?
what do you mean?
every guest over there was asking me that where is my family in my wedding reception?
do you know, how embarrassed I was because of you?
and if we would have come to your function, then how embarrassed we would have been. Have you ever thought about it?
What's with you, mom? I have married her, I haven't committed any sin
people who gets married secretively, is equivalent to committing a sin my dear
A marriage is done by doing an open announcement, with the family & friends
and people who gets married secretively, somewhere there is some doubt in their heart
come on mom, why are you doing such typical women talks!
Hamza, what's with you? How are you talking to mom!
We did very well by not coming over there. At least, there wasn't any problem because of us
let it be Naazish, he is taking out his anger of some other matter on us
what you guys were thinking? Won't I get the news?
Mom, angry about what? What are you saying?
they had invited Nawal on their function, and she came as well
She threw all the gifts on Hamza's face whichever he had gifted her, she did great insult of him
what were you both thinking, that she will bring a garland for you?
Will she meet happily with both of you?
have you gone mad?
you have already ruined that girl's life, At least now spare my son!
Even I don't like talking to her. Whatever she did to me, after that I don't want to see her face even
She did nothing with you, nor she is in any relation with Kabir
Are you trusting her?
she couldn't love the people who took care of her, did her upbringing. She left her own child...
what are you thinking? Can she become yours or ours?
Aunty, why are you accusing me?
its not an accusation, its reality
He has become blind & crazy in your love, but I can see everything!
what you can see? Can you see my pain?
my daughter was separated from me, they had snatched away my daughter forcefully from me
I am in so much of pain, can you see? 
No, you cannot understand
and then you are accusing me
and Hamza, you already know. Why would I lie?
stop this rubbish!
Aliya has told me the entire story
nobody had snatched your daughter from you
you had left your daughter in the hospital yourself
Hamza, what is she saying?
She is lying!
I have explained you millions of times that injustice was done with Falak, but you aren't believing me
Mom, you had said such a big thing to Falak
you shouldn't have said this
Yes! I did wrong, she did wrong...
you haven't done anything wrong, nor she did anything wrong.
 Its just us who are wrong!
lets go, let it be. Come on forget it.
mom...
Falak...
don't say anything, Hamza
I am so hurt today
aunty has reminded me all of my wounds
I was trying to gather myself with a lot of difficulty, and this happened
its just me who is wrong for all, maybe I want bad for everyone
I wish, I would have died...
everyone's difficulties, issues & hatred will be over with me
See, don't say this
I know mom had said so much to you in anger, please don't take it to your heart
in fact, not only mom but you don't need to listen to anyone
Okay?
I am with you, right?
I wish you had been here right now
with me...
I am feeling so alone without you
so, what's up?
we were playing tick tack toe, and this time I will start. Don't know what trick she does that she wins in every game
really?
by the way Aliya, did you talk to Kabir? Did you tell him that we are settling here permanently
No, I haven't told him as of yet. I couldn't talk to him
Okay fine, do talk to him about it whenever you get a chance
 let me book your ticket in the next few days, so do your packing,
And Aliya please, do make all her school related documents as soon as you reach there. So that there won't be any wastage of time
and yes! Do make Elham's custody papers & passport too
Tauqir, Kabir will not agree
I had forced him a lot before coming here, but he was also right. He will be left all alone over there
Aliya, how will he take care of Elham along with the business?
for God sake, he had to do a lot of traveling for work. How will he manage?
See, its better for Elham to stay with us. Tell Kabir to leave her responsibility on us
what do you think? I wouldn't have said all this to him?
Tauqeer, he doesn't agree
Fine, then I will talk to him myself
Elhaam will stay with us
just get her passport
Okay
I am disappointed that I had fallen in love with such a disgusting & lowly person
Excuse me sir
yes
you have a week's trip to Europe, and you have meetings with three companies
also you have to attend a mega conference too
Okay, text me the schedule. I will look into it
Right, sir
Sir, are you alright?
Sir, the meeting is ready & everyone is waiting for you
Okay, you may go
Okay sir
Please attend the meeting, I am going home as I am not feeling well
right sir
Greetings Kabir!
Greetings! Nawal you... please come
actually I was missing her so I thought to meet Elhaam
you did very well by coming here
Look Elhaam baby, who is here. You aunt is here
Look what your aunt got for you
Look at this...
Look at this, does she like it?
what was the need to do this formality?
 She already have so many toys, right?
I have brought it all out of my happiness
Look at this...
Its alright. Look, so you find it right?
its a littler bigger, but its ok
actually this was of her exact size, its such a nice color
that's beautiful... very nice
by the Nawal, what was the need for all this? All of this formality?
See, its the matter of an aunt & her niece so don't interfere in it
come to me, why are you crying?
what happen to you....
I think she is hungry...
Noor!
she cries like this whenever she is hungry
Look, she is still crying. She doesn't wait for a single minute
Believe me, I feel hurt whenever she cries
by the way, today you are looking quite fresh & happy. All praise to God
thanks to God a million times that I have recovered after staying sick for so long
by the way Kabir, I want to say thanks to you!
the way you took care of me when I was sick
I am grateful to you
Being a human, it was my duty to do all this
Please don't think too much about it
a lot had happened with you, and you didn't even tell me
at least, you could have called me once
what you would have done if I had called you?
I would have come & fixed Falak's mind!
I am so angry right now
even a witch leaves seven houses next to hers
didn't she feel ashamed? She had married your fiance
whatever happened, has happened for good
at least, I have recognized that who is my loved one & who is not
Hamza, was such a wise guy, how come he came into Falak's words?
hasn't he seen you? Doesn't he know you? How can he put such a big blame on you!
Falak did so wrong with you
I always used to say that she is such an oblivious
don't do so many favors of her! But neither you nor Sultana used to listen to me
what's done is done! 
We did everything by considering it as a good deed
we didn't had an idea that in return we'll get an evildoing
aunty, do you know...
sometimes I think that mom has died
but maybe there was some betterment in it, because if she would have seen this form of Falak then
aunty, she would have been hurt very badly.
and she must have cursed herself that maybe there was some lacking in her upbringing
I had explained Sultana a lot
that if she wants to keep her, then keep her under certain limits
but she had never listened to me
Sultana did so many stupidities
Also while dying, she had made her the owner of half of her wealth too
don't repeat the old matters now
we cannot change what's already done
you'll see Nawal
God will create better opportunities for you
people who have good intentions
God blesses them for sure
Greedy people are always empty hands
and whatever wrong Falak did to you, for sure she will be punished for it
anyways leave this topic, tell me how is uncle & why he didn't come along?
he will come within a few days. 
he had to stay there due to some business related matters
and I thought to go & meet my daughter
you did very well by coming here
Rest for sometime as you came after such a long journey. Then I will serve the lunch
I pray that God always keep you happy, and whatever problems you have faced in your life shall be over soon
excuse me, sir
yes
I want to discuss something with you
say it, what's the matter?
actually tomorrow onward I won't come on the job
what!
make some other arrangements for maam Elhaam
but why? What had happened? Is there any problem in the salary?
No no, there isn't any issue or problem in the salary
actually my husband got a job in Hyderabad, and we have to shift there within this week
if there was any such thing, then you should have informed me earlier
from where I will arrange a new nanny suddenly?
even I got to know it today, if I would have known then I would have informed you earlier
don't you worry at all! Somehow you'll get someone
its the matter to be worried
Elhaam was quite attached to you, and I was satisfied as well
even I have become so attached to her, and I will miss her a lot
you have given me a tension for no reason
isn't it possible that you shall keep coming until you shift?
until then I will arrange a new nanny
No sir, it will be difficult as I have to do the packing as well and I am all alone
I won't be able to come. Don't you worry at all.
 I have mentioned everything in the notes
whomsoever you'll appoint for Elham, you can give those notes to her. And she will handle everything easily
and if there would be any problem then call me, I will explain everything
Okay
thank you, sir...