Your complaints are right but its not Falak's fault.
When did I say Falak is at fault?
 But at least if she had told me herself, I wouldn't have been so shocked. 
that the person I love the most in the world,
 will lie to me. 
She'll hide her truth from me
Would you have married me if you had known the truth?
She is pregnant
you are about to become a father, congratulations!
what! 
heartiest congratulations!
heartiest congratulations! I am so happy for you
I don't know, I am unable to understand anything
so early! I have never thought about a baby
what? Don't you want a baby?
I don't know
I have never think about it
if you haven't then think about it now, what's there to worry a lot?
how will I be able to take a child's responsibility? How will I handle it? What will I do?
what's there to worry about?
you will learn how to handle a baby as well, don't take much stress
madam Falak, maam is calling you
you go, I am coming
Okay
don't know why sister Nawal was so hasty in telling everyone about it
she could have waited for some time
anyways, I'll talk to you later. Bye!
heartiest congratulations to you!
heartiest congratulations to you too! 
Where is Falak? She didn't come?
she is resting in her room, I have called her. She must be coming
what was the need to call her here? You could have let her rest, we can go & meet her inside her room
Exactly!
did you tell Kabir? What did he said?
I had told him, its just...
oh Falak, heartiest congratulations to you!
did you see?
Kabir didn't come, right?
he didn't come after listening to such a big news! His anger didn't lessened
I mean he doesn't care about me at all, He doesn't want to live with me
Fine, if this is the matter then I will also take away my life!
oh Falak!
I shouldn't live anymore
if nobody can live with me then what will I do by living without him. Its better for me to die
Falak, leave the knife...
leave it
Falak! Falak,, handle yourself
Falak, open your eyes
Falak
don't know what's written in my child's fate
why she doesn't get any complete happiness
you are a mother & God listens to a mother's prayers quickly
just pray for Falak's good fate
I always pray for her happiness
she is precious to me
I have done her upbringing as my own child
aunty, I have worried you a lot
I'm sorry
No dear, we did a mistake
I hope that you'll forgive us
please don't do this, you are making me feel guilty
Falak
I will take good care of her, don't worry
how is Falak now?
She is better
let me see...
she is better, please sit
come here
she is absolutely fine, don't worry
are you upset?
you should be
as I have hurt you
how quickly you have realized about my heart
Tell me honestly, do you care for me or...
Falak
the happiness of the baby has its own importance
but the baby's mother is more important for me
Lie!
look into my eyes
you'll believe me
you are so bad
very bad
do you know how scared I was! I thought I have lost you
where I would have gone if you had become angry from me?
It cannot happen
and you know, I cannot see tears in your eyes
I cannot tolerate it
then why do you make me cry?
I made a mistake
I won't do it ever
I'm sorry!
Falak, thank you so much
for giving me such a big happiness
what is all this, Kabir?
a beautiful welcome of my to-be baby & his mother
he wanted to do so much
ok listen
you have to take very good care of yourself
thank you so much, sister
let me get the soup prepared for you, ok?
what are you looking at?
I am looking at the love for the baby
don't forget your husband in that
hmmm.... you talk quite a lot
and don't take so much care of me, I am not unwell though
I have to take so much care of you
don't you remember what the doctor had said?
you will not take care of yourself, so I have to do it
you have surprised me, mom had told me that you are coming next week
yes, then I thought since I have to go alone so why not
I shall visit a bit earlier
haven't you told mom?
No, I haven't
yes! its a surprise for her
do you know Hamza, I am so excited for your wedding
I was unable to wait. I wanted to come to you guys immediately
I have been keeping all the desires inside my heart for so long
I'm so happy for you & you made a very good decision
do you know, whenever I used to see you. Don't know what would have happened to me
you are my only brother. And I always wanted to see you very happy
your happiness is precious to me
I am so happy, Hamza
even mom is happy, how is Nawal?
She is fine
She is fine, means?
did you tell her about my arrival?
No, I didn't talk to her as of yet
then tell her
in fact, tell her to be ready tomorrow. I will visit her house tomorrow
 all of us will go for the shopping tomorrow
but what's the hurry? You have just came, & we have to do these works now
I have to do these works only, and please Hamza don't refuse me for doing anything
I will fulfill all my desires
Sir, did you call me?
yes Ms. Nawal, come sit
Ms. Nawal, I want you to supervise this project
its entire quotation & designing shall be done under you
but sir this is quite a big project & on such a short notice
I can understand, but I have complete trust on you & your team's capabilities
nobody can deal with this project better than you
thank you sir for believing in me, and its a big thing for me that you have selected me for this project
its only because of your work experience
I hope that you will not disappoint me
thank you sir, I will try my level best
then understand that your promotion is confirmed
yes Ibrahim, what do you think? Can Ms. Nawal do it?
Absolutely sir! just wait & watch, I know her very well
if she takes the responsibility of some work then she ensures to complete it
just think that you have already got this tender
Falak
come
keep it here
what is all this? Why are you keeping it here?
hey! one feels like eating something so you can keep eating
there is no need to climb the stairs again & again, rest as much as you can
no sister, you know I am allergic to fruits smell
Besides, if I need anything then I will order it from downstairs
Falak, no more excuses! Just keep eating in a bit
sister is absolutely correct!
you have to be strict now, as she doesn't listens to me at all
I had sent the soup for her, but she had sent it back without tasting it
this way you'll feel more weakness
sister, this is not my department. You have to handle it please
yes, I wasn't in a mood to drink it at that time. And I cannot force myself to drink it
Look, the doctor had said that you have so much of weakness
you have to take care of your diet & food intake
in this condition, one needs to eat even if she doesn't feel like. Are you getting it?
come on, over to you
Okay fine, do eat whenever you feel like
sister has arrived, maybe she'll visit your house within a few days
its such a good news, and you are telling this to me now?
it was a surprise! She was at the airport when she had called me
I just came back to office after dropping her home
why did you came back? All good?
I have a meeting with a client
there is a very big project & I have to prepare its presentation
Nawal, if I get this project
then my business will be expanded more
and I want to get it at any cost
nobody can beat Hamza, you will get it
Thanks!
since you have said it, so success is evident
Okay I'll talk to you later, but please do talk to my sister Ok?
Okay, bye!
Sir, check this presentation once then we'll discuss the quotation
Falak, be careful... 
what happened?
one needs to be careful in this condition otherwise one can incur a loss
be little careful
I do take care. Shall I always stay inside my room now?
when did I said that? But its important to stay cautious
yes, I was feeling suffocated inside the room that's why I came outside
then ask Kabir to take you for an outing
he hardly have any time for me
what! let me ask him. Its his duty to take care of you
I was going inside the kitchen, do let me know if you want anything
No sister, thank you!
oh God! When I will get rid of it
mom, what's this? Neither any preparations or decoration?
it doesn't look like a wedding house, does a wedding house looks like this?
how are they then?
mom, I had asked you to decorate the entire house with flowers, keep some dance party after all its your only son's wedding
such a simple environment, no music or hungama
you have amazed me!
Ok fine, a lot of days are left for the wedding. Everything will be done
since you have come now, so I am not worried
let me make the guests list first, I hope I don't miss anyone
you can tell me the names later on if anyone is left
Ok
yes, I will do everything 
Ok mom, call the interior designer & the music dj tomorrow
you guys are sitting so relaxed as if a lot of months are left for the wedding
we hardly have one month's time
and this one month will pass so quickly that you guys will not realize
by the way Hamza, Nazish is right
we are taking the time for granted, a lot of work is there
lets distribute it, so that it will be done quickly
as you wish!
I will get everything decorated as per my wish
listen Hamza, when does Nawal gets free from her office?
around 5
5 pm! Okay listen, tell her to visit our house once
in fact, leave it. I'll tell her myself
why?
hey! we have to get your room decorated. We still have to finalize the color scheme
do you know, how much time does this work takes?
everyone is sitting so relaxed here
by the way mom, I am so happy by sister's arrival
all of my responsibilities have lessened. I can focus on my work now
absolutely not! forget the business Hamza
wherever Nawal & I will go, you will accompany us. Understand?
right mom?
yes yes, absolutely correct. Whatever you say, all good!
hey Falak Falak... 
you shouldn't be wearing such high heels, you could have fall if I wouldn't have handled you
I can handle myself but thanks for your support
are you fine?
See, its your first baby that's why I am saying it. Otherwise you are wise enough
yes, I can do everything on my own. Also I know what is right or wrong
are you going somewhere?
I have to go for a lunch with friends
didn't you go to the office today?
actually I will go a bit late as I have to go for a visit
Okay bye... 
bye!
you will get nothing by worrying like this
what else I should do, Anum? The shoot is lined up in the next two days
I have to publish it in the magazine, & here I am sitting clueless
didn't you had an agreement with the model?
I did, everything was lined up. But she had refused on the eleventh hour
she must have got some good professional. Very unprofessional!
oho...
hello!
hi Falak!
how are you?
so bored...
I think all the bored people are left for me
don't talk rubbish!
do you even know what is my situation?
restrictions on everything, don't do this... don't do that
I think as if sister Aliya has got a chance to imprisoned me
Relax! at least take a breath
there is a restriction on breathing as well, don't know what that woman wants from me!
it cannot happen
I don't want any excuses. Follow up with her & update me
any progress?
don't take tension, it will be done
well she is my friend Falak
Falak, she is Maria
nice meeting you
Same here
I think your friend is a bit worried
her model has ran away, that's why
means?
I mean, she is a fashion photographer
she had to shoot for a magazine, but her model has refused at the eleventh hour
Sorry to hear that
by the way, will you do modeling?
who, I?
yes
No no...
why not?
your face is quite photogenic, if you are interested then
yes Falak, you can think about it
you know I cannot do this
Okay anyways forget it, I had asked just like that
yes Siraj? Any progress?
Okay, talk to another model
there has been a fire in our main branch due to short circuit
what! 
the workers are stuck inside & they are trying to get them out
Kabir
yes sister
why didn't you tell me?
now will you hide matters from me?
what are you talking about? I didn't get it
Hammad had called me
sister, I wanted to tell you but I couldn't gather courage
you have suffered through such a big problem all alone!
we are business partners! if profit is half & half then loss will also be equally shared
you should have told me
oho! tell me as well what had happened
the new business Kabir had started, he had experienced fraud in it
what!
the other party has fled away with the entire payment, and look at him. He is sitting here quietly
Kabir please tell me that you have filed a complain to the police
yes brother, I have filed a complain
I hope you haven't faced a huge loss
No... don't worry. Its not a big loss
Excuse me!
hello!
what! what are you saying?
how?
Okay fine, I am coming
what happened? Is everything alright?
there has been a fire in our main branch due to short circuit
what!
the workers are stuck inside & they are trying to get the out
also they have vacated the other building due to danger
what has happened? We should reach there immediately
lets go sister, let go...
yes yes, we are about to reach
what are they saying?
the fire brigade has reached, & they are trying to put off the fire
listen, don worry. God willing everything will be fine
sister Nawal, did you see?
yes where is Kabir & Aliya?
they just left, they have gone to the branch
I don't understand what is going on. I am so worried, don't know how come all of this had happened?
Falak, take care of yourself and don't get unwell
who told you, sister?
just now Hamza called me to inform. Mom is quite worried, talk to her
hello! dear Falak. Don't worry, have courage my dear
See, there is God's betterment in everything
God takes you out of some other big problem by indulging you into a small one
believe me my dear
mom, what betterment can there be in it?
do you even know how much loss is incurred?
if you get to know that how much loss we have incurred, then you wouldn't have said this ever
Ok, but how did this happened?
they are saying it was a short circuit, a lot of people are trapped inside
don't know what will happen now
I know you are alone, and you must be worried
I had asked Nawal to take me to your house, but she didn't agreed
God willing we'll visit you tomorrow
mom, there has been such a big problem how can I not worry?
do come in the morning
I am having a splitting headache, just now I took a medicine
I will talk to you later
you did very well. Did you had supper? Take rest
yes mom, I had it already. I will talk to you later
the news is the fire in the branch of Kabir food is under controlled
thank God!
the entire staff & workers have been taken out safely
there hasn't been any sort of loss of life
oh God thanks to you!
it seems that worries have seen the way of my daughter's house
ask her to give charity tomorrow, it will keep her safe
I will tell her
Kabir, the board of directors are here. The meeting is about to start
show come courage & come
how can I show courage, sister?
here we have incurred a loss of millions, I don't understand what to do
nothing is in our control
think it as God's will
It seems as if the branch isn't burnt
but my dreams are burnt
its a long journey now
and so much of hopelessness is not good in the beginning
look, if the office staff will see you so hopeless then their hopes will also die
try & look at the bright side. Thanks God that we haven't lost any life
maam, all the board of directors are inside the waiting room
we are coming
Ok
Kabir, right now you have to give strength to everyone
its such a difficult time right now
but... if we'll stand together shoulder to shoulder
then this difficult time will also pass
lets go, come on
Kabir... Kabir, are you fine?
a person who has experienced such a huge loss, how can he be fine?
the company's reputation has been badly damaged
it takes several years to make a company's reputation but...
just a moment.. everything got ruined in just a moment
Kabir
Pray to God, everything will be fine
I am thinking to bring Falak to our house for a few days
the situation of her house right now isn't good for Falak's health
she needs rest & peace
mom, what are you saying?
Kabir is going through a very difficult time & he needs Falak
when a person is going through such times, then he needs his life partner the most
but Nawal what if her health gets badly affected by it, then?
don't worry, she is fine
Okay
God will help her
Noor
greetings madam!
greetings! where is everyone? I can't see anyone
Mr. Kabir has gone to the office
so early?
yes, actually madam Aliya was saying that due to some meeting they had to leave early
shall I make breakfast for you?
Not right now 
ok
don't do this, Mr. Omer. I can't believe that you are backing out so quickly
Mr. Omer look, I know that there has been a loss but nothing will happen to the company
have trust in me
please don't do this
yes yes
nothing is confirmed as of yet, soon we'll get to know whether its a mistake or some conspiracy
but I request you again, please don't do this
please don't cancel this deal just because of a small accident
sister, Mr. Omer Hayat had called
he has canceled the deal
also he has taken out the entire investment
a lot of rumors are spreading in the market
actually our competitors have got a chance to make gossips
they can ruin anyone's name if they cannot ruin their work
no problem, we'll see everyone
don't worry, God willing everything will be fine
one after another problem, I just don't know
this is not required, Nawal
its alright
come here, sit with me
actually I wanted to meet you & talk to you. I wanted to thank you!
thank you for what?
to hold Hamza's hand
mom & I had tried our level best, Nawal but Hamza wasn't agreeing for the marriage
and you know how stubborn he is
mom had lost complete hope
and Hamza had said it clearly that he will not get married
but the decision you both took to start your life together. I am so happy for that
and I am sure that he will take care of you. He will take very good care of you, he will keep you very happy
yes greetings aunty! how are you?
greetings!
I am fine, are you fine? Please sit 
Yes, I am fine
ok Nawal, today I have set an appointment for you with the designer & we have got just one hour
I am also taking you to the salon with me today, as I want to see the bridal look on you
I want you to look most beautiful & different in the bridal attire. Ok?
just give me two minutes, let me get my bag
Ok sure
be quick
yes
please have something, you haven't eaten anything
Let me serve you
hello!
Hello Falak
just a while ago I got to know about the fire incident in Kabir's branch
I feel so sorry to hear that
yes, don't know what is happening? One thing gets right then other thing becomes wrong
I am having so much of depression
I can understand your situation
do one thing, let me pick you then we'll go somewhere for an outing
No... I am having severe headache. Also I am really not in a mood
then go out dear, while sitting at home like this you'll become more unwell
okay now don't throw tantrums. See, Maria is also coming
that photographer friend of yours?
yes she! do you remember her?
yes
is her problem solved or not?
not at all! Her problem is increased more
her shoot date is right around the corner, that's why she was offering you
do you know, re-known models works with her
hmm...
why don't you do one thing?
Accept her offer
She doesn't offer anyone just like that
she must have seen something in you, that's why she is saying this
and yes! this way you'll also become busy
No, you know how Kabir is. He will never let me do that
alright then, as you wish
bye!
by the way, will you do modeling?
your face is quite photogenic, if you are interested then
Accept her offer
She doesn't offer anyone just like that
she must have seen something in you
that's why she is saying this
Kabir
yes
when you'll be free?
Falak, a lot of work is still left
All good?
actually I wanted to discuss something very important with you
yes, tell me... I am listening
No, finish your work first then we'll talk
Falak, a lot of work is left & it will take a lot of time. Many documents are still left to be checked
tell me, what is the matter
Okay...
actually my friend had called me, she was offering me...
one minute Falak, its quite an important call
hello! yes inspector
yes, I had called
yes, I wanted to talk about the fire situation at my branch
Sir, I had told you right about Ms. Nawal
yes
this time I shouldn't loose this contract
Sir, its not possible!
see, every matter should be confidential. I cannot take any risk in it
Sir, don't you worry at all. I have kept an eye on everything
also I have conveyed this message to everyone in the head office
that our matters shouldn't be leaked anywhere, specially of this contract
hmm.. good!
I want this contract at any cost
Sir, you'll be succeed as you have done so much of hard work
hmm... God willing
Excuse me!
yes sister?
no, no I am so sorry. There is a lot of work in the office. I cannot come
discuss with Nawal
yes, Okay fine. Bye!
Sir, check this file
so Nawal I am saying that get all the wedding decorations of the house as per your choice
I won't be able to do it as mom has given me so many responsibilities
also market surveys, oh I have to make the guest lists too
a lot of work is still left. So Nawal, kindly take care of these work yourself
sister, since you are handling so many things so do this as well as per your choice
No way Nawal, no more. I cannot handle anymore work, so please you do it
oh, I forgot I had to call the jeweler
he must be waiting for my call. Kindly sit here for sometime, meanwhile let me go & call him
sit here
yes Falak, how are you?
I am fine, I thought to call you people & ask about your well being
you people hardly have any time for me
there isn't any such thing my dear
Actually, the entire day I am busy in the office then I visit Hamza's house. Even right now I am here
visit to Hamza's house? All good?
yes, actually his elder sister is here from Canada. So sometimes we go for the shopping or salon
just now she was saying to me the entire house's setting should be done as per your choice
hmm... you must be busy then
little bit..
alright then, I'll call you later
everyone is spending their life as per their own will
and there is only me! Who is always spending her life as per the will of others
Why? Don't I have the right to spend my life as per my own will?