Kabeer..
Are you in a bad mood?
No. I'm fine.
I know you're upset with me. I should be the one to be upset.
I was insulted. I was taunted and I had to apologize.
For something I didn't do. I didn't say anything against sister Aaliya.
Didn't you say that she called us back from the honeymoon deliberately.
You knew Hafsa was lost and yet you said this. How could you?
Everybody was worried in the house. How could we stay there in such a situation?
Everybody is worried here and we should enjoy our honeymoon?
Falak, you can do that but I cannot.
Kabeer...
Kabeer, I'm telling you the truth, I didn't say anything. I don't know what sister Aaliya heard herself. I didn't say anything.
This means sister Aaliya is lying?
So, am I lying Kabeer?
I was angry and I said that she should have been with Hafsa and take care of her.
Family is important, more than the business. I have said that in front of everyone.
See Falak,
you know how much I respect sister Aaliya.
She got hurt with what you said.
That's why I apologized.
Because I knew nobody cared for the truth.
I've decided that I will not talk to anyone in this house. I will not discuss anybody's matters.
Falak nobody in this house wants you to react this way. This is your house. You're a part of this house.
Had I been a part of this house, I wouldn't have been insulted for every little thing.
Falak, I love you very much.
They brought you in this house because I wished for it.
That's why I cannot think of living away from you
and that's why I expect so much from you.
I told you earlier as well. I respect sister Aaliya very much.
In fact she is just like my mother.
I'll never tolerate anything wrong for sister Aaliya.
You should be careful as well.
You know where to place which relation. You're that sensible
to know how much respect you should be giving a relationship.
Mistrust is built on such small things.
Homes are destroyed
and I expect that you'll never want this house to be broken.
I'll be careful.
Thank you so much.
You always understand me.
Now if you allow me, can I go to the office?
Call me..
Bye.
I apologized because of you. Otherwise I've never bent down in front of anyone.
I'll never forget it.
Hello?
Hie. You here?
Yes. Why are you so shocked? Can I not visit your office?
Of course you can. Sit down.
I'm not here to sit. I want to have lunch. Get up lets go.
But I cannot go. I have a very important meeting. Clients are waiting.
Oh come on Hamza. These lame excuses won't work with me.
If you have a meeting, cancel it. Its not a big deal for you. As it is you're the boss, not an employee.
We'll go have lunch now and then I want to go shopping and then on a long drive.
First, if you wanted to go for lunch, you should have told me earlier. I wouldn't have scheduled a meeting
but now that I have, I cannot cancel it.
And secondly, I don't like any outings during office hour.
You know this very well.
I give my business importance when its time to work
so we're neither going for lunch, nor shopping or a long drive.
Start the meeting, I'm coming.
Falak? Where are you? You're always shut in your room. Why don't you come out?
I'm not feeling well.
What happened? If you say we'll go to the doctor.
I don't understand your honey-coated talks.
Are you upset with me?
How dare I be upset with you? Only you have the right to be angry or upset in this house.
I know you were hurt about the apology.
Kabeer didn't do good, his attitude was wrong. I made him understand.
Why did you make him understand? His reaction was according to what was told to him.
God knows what truth, what lies he was told.
Falak.
I hate lies and why would I want you and Kabeer to have differences.
Take this out of your heart.
It was a coincidence that Kabeer heard me and Touqeer.
Wow. What a good coincidence that you heard me and Kabeer heard you.
You're changing the meaning of what I said.
I'm upset that you had to come back because of me.
You're right in your place and your anger is natural.
Its my fault. I was wrong in judging you.
I'm sorry. See, forget whatever happened. Fix your mood. I apologize.
I was tired of your call so I called myself. Tell me what have you decided?
I told you my decision that day only.
See, understand my problem. I cannot sell this house.
This means you hold this house more precious that your daughter's happiness.
See, Asjad is under depression.
He says why should he be marrying into a house where nobody cares when he's in trouble?
What are you saying?
You are talking about calling the relationship off?
Relationships are based o consideration and if there's no consideration, there's no use for a relationship, Sultana.
See, I've told you earlier as well that we didn't want any dowry. We're ready to have the wedding as you like.
Don't you want your other son in law to be a businessman like your first one?
Its not like that. You should try and understand my problem Nausheen.
I cannot sell this house but I will ask Safdar,
he can transfer as much money as he can to Asjad's account.
Asjad isn't begging you. You don't have a son of your own to save the house for.
Whatever you have, its your daughters and its best if you can give it to her in your life.
I think you didn't think it through.
So think about it and give me a final answer. Bye.
What happened mom? Whose call was it?
Nobody dear.
Why do you look so worried?
Nausheen called.
She was asking what I had decided.
Then tell her that we're not selling the house.
I think Nausheen is right. Nawal whatever I have is yours.
Then why shouldn't I do this in my life only.
I don't want more mom. I will get whatever is in my fate.
I was thinking I'd call Safdar and ask him to transfer money to Asjad's account.
Maybe we'll not need this then.
Mom, what are you saying? You'll not send money to anyone.
He is the son in law of our house. If we don't look after him, who will?
What should we do if he's your son in law. We cannot cater to his senseless wishes.
We respect him, what else does he want.
We didn't ask him to start a new company. If he didn't have any investments, he shouldn't have started it.
We should do whatever we can afford only.
You don't understand dear, this relationship is fragile and I don't want my rules to break this relationship.
If this want to call it off because of this, they can. It won't make a difference to me.
Its better to stay unmarried rather than marrying into such greedy people.
God forbid. What are you saying? This is the problem of today's generation.
You think relationships are a game. You call if off whenever you feel like.
I fear what you're saying.
After all this, Asjad has lost all respect in my eyes.
Go and tell them no
or should I go and tell them no.
I don't worry about people mom. Its better to cry once than to cry all my life.
Nawal, you're not doing anything. Do you understand?
Thank you so much. No. I love the color. You know its one of my favorite colors.
Its very decent. Just the way I like it. Well cut.
Of course. I got it made for dinner. Yeah. Alright. Okay.
You know I'm also looking forward to it. Bye.
Hello?
Aunty called mom and threatened to call off the wedding.
I don't know. If she said this, she would have thought things through.
So it won't make a difference to you if she calls off the engagement?
When there is no consideration, whats the use of a relationship?
And what about greed over consideration? What do you think about it?
There's no use arguing Nawal. Its clear you don't bother about what we have to say.
Asjad your demand is unreasonable.
We only have this house to live and if we sell it, where will we go?
Then there is no problem. We get small furnished apartments on a good rent.
Mom will have nowhere to live. I cannot even think about it.
Asjad., I didn't know you were selfish. If you wanted money, you could have arranged it.
Why are you pressurizing us to sell the house?
How would I arrange the money?
I think you people don't trust me. You think I'll run away with the money.
Its not about trust, its about consideration. Where did your tall claims go?
Asjad I'm very upset. You're not at all what I thought you'd be. Its best if we part ways.
See Sultana, this isn't a big thing. I don't think what they're demanding is wrong.
People give furnished houses to their daughters in dowry.
They didn't ask for any such thing. What if they had asked you for this before the wedding, you'd have done so.
Do it now and it'll be a favor from you.
See Arifa, listen to me.
You know me very well. Its not about the house.
Its about my daughter's happiness. When she's not happy, what can I do?
Oh, make Nawal understand. Asjad is such a nice guy. You don't find such proposals.
Ok fine
I accept that they asked for the money because they weren't in a good financial situation
but the way they said so wasn't good. Nawal is hurt.
And its clear, they reek of greed.
Oh. Try and understand that they're helpless.
Make Nawal understand. Whats the guarantee that the other proposal that comes won't be as demanding?
People have become so demanding that there's no comparison. You have no idea.
Go out and see and you'll touch your ears. And then they'll seem like angels to you.
Listen to me Arifa. I can sell not one but ten houses for my daughter's happiness.
But the way they talked, I didn't like it at all. They threatened to call of the wedding.
Their intention is clear now. They were waiting for things to be official and make such a demand.
Oh, you don't know what people said during Falak's wedding.
They said that she was earning and you wanted to live on her earning or maybe she had an affair.
How many people will you stop from talking?
If they call off this engagement, people will definitely think something is wrong.
I thought you were sensible. Nawal is emotional but you're sensible.
How many tongues will you stop? If she ages, you'll not find any good matches.
I have tried to make you understand. Its upto you now. Do whatever you want to do.
Oh. The iron is ruined. The scarf will burn. Nasreen come here.
Nasreen.. Nasreen. Nasreen.
Yes mam what is it?
Where is Hafsa? Call her.
Yes mam.
Hafsa? Hafsa?
sister, What happened?
See what she did with my clothes. I had to wear this on a dinner.
She did wrong. Why did she do this?
Yes mom?
Hafsa tell me. What did you do dear?
Oh, why are you so angry?
Hafsa destroyed Aaliya's dress mischievously.
Hafsa did?
She has never done this before. God knows whats wrong with her. I'm amazed myself.
Hafsa you never did this before. Whats wrong with you?
Don't scold her. Its alright.
Falak. Wait a minute.
Hafsa..
We need to reprimand kids on their mistakes. Otherwise...
Hafsa why did you do this dear? You've never done this.
I didn't...
Let it be Kabeer. She has already been scolded by sister Aaliya. She's scared and now you've started..
Hafsa.. Hafsa..
Whats wrong with her?
Kabeer?
Whether you accept or not, Hafsa is feeling neglected that's why she's doing all this.
If kids don't get attention in this age,
They sometimes do such things.
First she got lost and now she spoiled her dress.
Of course she wants attention.
I think she's doing everything deliberately so that sister Aaliya will pay attention to her.
I know you'll say that you're here, Touqeer is here but the attention she can give, nobody else can.
I'll go and get you tea. I'll check on Hafsa as well if she needs anything.
Iron this dress right now.
Mam I want to tell you something.
Tell me later but right now I'm getting late.
No. Its important.
Tell me.
Actually I saw Falak leaving your room a while ago.
Falak? What was she doing in my room? What does she have here?
I kept your dress here, it was alright. Hafsa left with me 
and I saw Falak leaving your room like thieves. She went to her room.
I have to go to the dinner. Iron my clothes first.
People give their daughters furnished houses, cars, what else. What if they had demanded everything after the wedding? 
You'd have given them then too. Its good if you do it now.
Asjad is a very nice guy. We don't find such good boys so easily. 
Everybody was talking in Falak's wedding that you married your younger daughter first.
People said that she earned so you wanted to live on her earning or maybe Nawal had an affair.
 If they say no to this proposal, people will think something is wrong.
People have become so demanding these days, you have no idea. 
Go out and see and you'll think they're angels. 
If she gets to a certain age, you'll not find any proposals.
Mam, did you want something?
No. 
People say that we shouldn't hire employs in the house who have their ears, eyes and tongues open.
We should be throwing them out.
Mam I made a mistake, forgive me.
If you make the same mistake again or try and be clever. Understood?
I understand. Don't worry.
Oh wow. Seems like we have something special today. 
Is it special?
Yes I made everything myself.
Go and call sister Aaliya.
She went outside for dinner.
Oh. I made so much special dinner so that we'd eat together.
Its alright. Don't be upset. Sister Aaliya has official dinners usually. We're used to of it.
You might not miss her but I do. 
This is the only time when we sit together and talk 
and sister Aaliya, needs to think about herself. She's always working. What if she gets sick?
Actually it was an official dinner. If it wasn't important, she wouldn't have gone.
Had I been in place of sister Aaliya, I'd never value business over family. 
I wouldn't like if Kabeer got in the habit of having dinner without me.
Please eat. I got these kebabs made as well. Kabeer please have these.
What are you doing here?
Just looking at your things.
Barging into someone's room and looking at their things, its not good at all.
You've changed a lot.
Should I take it as a compliment or something else?
Take it as a compliment. Change is good and I really liked looking at all this.
I'm just amazed how can someone change so fast. As long as I remember,
book reading wasn't your hobby and the colors in this room, you never liked them.
How can someone change so much? Reason.
I'm very tired. I want to rest. Close the door on your way out.
Wait.
Tell me.
Why are you running from me?
Alizeh I know why mom called you.
But whatever you and mom want, it can't happen. 
Coming in my path again and again, hurting my ego. Its not good for you.
Its best if you'd go back.
Touqeer, I'm very tired today.
Who asked you to go? You shouldn't have gone.
You have never said such a thing ever before.
See Aaliya.
Frankly speaking, I feel like you've made yourself busy in your business and social life, more than whats needed.
You aren't giving any time to family or this house.
It was an official dinner. I had to go.
Aaliya we only have dinner together as a family and usually you're out at this time.
You know I wouldn't have gone if it hadn't been important.
I'll try to be careful.
See I'm just telling you that don't get yourself so involved in your business and social life to make your health suffer.
You should take care of yourself. 
Anyhow, goodnight.
I need your support. I thought I'd ask you to get a loan from your company. 
I need big investment. 
There's no use having a relationship where there's no consideration.
Nawal?
 I've decided that I'm selling this house.
what! Mom. What are you saying? Where will you go? What have you thought?
I have a friend whose apartment is empty, she asked me to shift there.
If you're afraid they'll say no, you don't have to be.
My hands and feet are fine. I'm not disabled or weak.
You're not weak but I'm not bold enough to answer questions people throw at me. 
Everybody will ask the same question.
The younger one is married, why was the elder one's engagement called off.
 And if someone finds out about Hamza.
What would people say? How many people will I clarify things to?
Mom, I don't care about anyone.
Do you think like that?
I don't want to argue. I've decided.
I want you to get married respectfully.
If you think this will get me respect, you're mistaken.
I will be under this burden all my life. I'll never be able to look myself in the eyes. Asjad's respect,
the position of a husband, I'll never be able to give him that. Do you want such a life for me?
We have to swallow bitterly for our own happiness.
This will go waste. 
You'll get married and you'll forget everything. Everything will be back to normal.
Its upsetting.
You never understood me.
Nawal..
She's here. We couldn't talk last night. How was dinner?
It was good.
I was upset about your dress.
I should be the one to be upset. 
You couldn't clear your heart after I tried to make you understand so much.
What do you mean?
I mean, why did you have to spoil my dress? I'm not accusing you. 
Nasreen told me she saw you coming out of my room.
You're accusing me. You're lying. You insult me about everything. Every little thing. 
What is my fault?
Wait a minute.
What is the argument about? Whats all the racket?
Kabeer listen to her. She said I spoiled her dress. It was Hafsa. She's accusing me.
I'm not accusing her. Nasreen told me she saw her leaving my room.
You're accusing me. If this is so, call her and ask her. Kabeer ask her.
Alright. Nasreen. Come here. Nasreen.
Tell them did you see her coming out of my room? 
Did you see her spoiling my dress?
Why are you quiet? Tell me. Tell them. Truth.
I saw her leaving your room.
I didn't see her spoiling your dress.