As far as we know Nawal is the only child of Miss Sultana, Falak is the daughter of their servant
There is no use of messing up with me.
If you try to put obstacles in my way, you are going to get trapped in them not me
Try to prove that I am not Miss Sultana's daughter! Who is going to believe you?
Tauqeer brother? Kabeer? Nobody is going to believe you
I will deal with you very harshly if you try to defame me in the future
What should I do? Should I tell them or not?
Please forgive me, don't kick me out of this house like this!
You have lost the right to live in this house! You lied to us
Go away from here and don't you dare step inside this house ever again! Did you understand?
Kick her out of this house right now!
Kabir please don't kick me out of this house!
What happened?
Kabir please don't kick me out of the house, I haven't committed any sin! Please don't distance yourself from me
Hey you had a bad dream! Come back to your senses!
Kabir promise me that you won't believe anybody and kick me out of this house!
Falak why would I distance myself from you? You are my wife, I love you!
Still you promise me that you wont ever leave me alone or kick me out of this house!
Okay dear I promise you that we would stay together forever! Okay?
I am so scared
Go to sleep and relax yourself, it was just a dream!
I have to say something important
Okay tell me
Please listen to me carefully first and then give your reaction. And don't consider me Falak
Listen Alia if it is related to Falak then don't do it! I am genuinely not interested.
Did you see Kabir's reaction last night? How upset he was!
He is my younger brother and I can't see tears in his eyes
Is that understood?
I know that you and Kabir are really upset but this is something really important.
You have trusted me throughout your life, show some trust no as well
Don't misunderstand me! I am not an enemy, it just looks like that all the mess is because of me!
Okay tell me what is it!
Falak is not the real daughter of miss Sultana!
What?
Do you know what you are saying? Are you in your senses?
I am telling the truth
Alia do you have any idea what chaos it can make if anybody gets to know about it!
Yes I do have any idea! I am not crazy to say anything like this!
I know how it can affect us! I went to a party yesterday, there I met Miss Sultana's sister in law. She told that
I seriously can't believe this!
I had no idea you would go to this extreme to show enmity with Falak!
Do you still think that I am lying?
Sowhat do you expect Alia? You think I should believe everything that you say?
I am not that crazy!
You have to trust me! I am telling the truth.
How can I say something like this without any reason?
For God's sake!Just keep quiet now and don't you dare say anything like this ever again!
Tauqeer listen to me!
No you listen to me! What do you want?
That I and my brother should get separated and die to see each others' faces in the future!
Tauqeer I have never wanted this!
Then don't talk about this thing ever again!
I wont keep quiet like this, I will tell show Falak's real face to everyone!
I think you pack these three Mr. Abid please
Aunty three are too much, I want this one only!
Daughter you are the first girl to say no to the jewelry, other wise girls want to have so many jewelry items!
No aunt there is no need to buy such an expensive jewelry!
If I wont spend on you then on whom would I spend? You are my to be daughter in law!
Mr. Abid please pack all this and show me something in the day wear as well like a bangle or something
Aunt this is a lot please, there is no need of anything more!
My daughter I am buying them with my happiness, wear them! I will be very happy whenever you will wear them dear!
Yes Alia?
Do you know that lie comes forward someday because it is baseless!
What do you mean? Can you explain please?
I want the real truth for what I am going to ask you
Falak isn't your real daughter, she is your servant's daughter. Is that true?
What are you saying? How dare you say anything like this?
Falak is my daughter!
Just think about it once! Because DNA test can prove the truth!
But one thing is for sure! I will expose this truth in front of everyone that she is not your daughter!
Are you warning me? What will you gain out of this?
For the past few months, whatever she has been doing is reflecting her family!
And if you feel that I am doing a baseless talk with you, then know it clearly
that Miss Fareeha was present in the gathering where I got to know about it!
You know her right? She is your sister in law. And I would even go to her if needed!
Fareeha sister can never say anything like this! You are lying!
You are lying! And to hide the truth you are lying again and again!
What is your problem with Falak?
What has she done to you? Why do you want to ruin her life?
She has shaken the foundation of my house!
She has bluffed everyone so cleverly that I am shocked! She is ruining my life instead!
There should be respect from both sides,
you only know how to take respect and not give. It is as simple as that!
It is okay if you people don't want to tell the truth. I will find the truth myself and you wait for that day now! Excuse me
Didn't I ask you to tell the truth? Do you see the result now?
I didn't want to tell a lie, I wanted to tell the truth but it was Falak's demand and stubbornness
Have you seen the result of her stubbornness?
We have to tell a thousand lies just to hide that one truth!
Make a call to Fareeha sister, I want to talk to her. A new problem has started!
Why did you go to my house? What did you need?
You can shake the foundation of my house and I can't even go to your house!
Yes you can't! I know your intentions very well!
I am not interested as well! But I had to go to know the truth!
Why did you betray us? Why did you lie?
So now are you at peace? Didn't I tell you that its my family and they will support me!
They won't stand by your side!
So you called them to say that?
It has been your style to portray lie as a truth by making a fuss out of it!
But this is not going to work anymore. Not everything can go by your will!
And whatever you are blaming me for is completely baseless, it has no connection to the truth!
You are lying!
Oh!
Oh! Sister in law
Alia!
Alia sister why did you push me?
I didn't push you, you fell on your own! Tauqeer did you see she fell on her own?
Have you gone crazy? What is this going on?
How are you talking to me?
I am talking to you in the same tone which I should have adopted a long time back!
Falak are you alright?
No I am fine
Look Falak I am really very sorry! I say sorry on her behalf
No its okay!
Ouch! It didn't hurt that much that he had to scold you. Bye
Sister in law why did you tell Alia about Falak when I told you not to mention anything about it?
I know that you detest Falak but I had no idea that in your hatred for her, you would try to ruin her marriage
Don't blame me! It was Rozina who started this topic and I was just covering it up.
Rozina is your friend but little did she know that you haven't told anything to Kabir's family!
It is such a big problem now! It can ruin her marriage. She came last night and she was really upset and was crying!
She has to face such a big problem now
It had to happen some day!
No matter how much you try to hide the truth, it is revealed one day.
Didn't I warn you to tell the truth? After all how long can you hide it?
One day this truth will reveal itself, there are many people in our circle who know the reality!
How would you face everyone then? Nobody is going to remember the goodness
they will only remember this! But you people didn't listen to me!
Sister I am already quite stressed! Alia has already tortured Falak so much,
God knows how many people will know about this through Alia! There will be more problems for Falak!
Nothing will happen! God has put Falak in this difficulty, He is going to ease it for her!
Don't take much stress because of Falak. leave her on her own!
Focus on Nawal, she is your real daughter not Falak!
Sister, Falak is also my daughter. Her worries are mine
Do you know now I am regretting that why I didn't tell Alia about the whole truth! Why did I cover it up?
Alia what's wrong with you? Was it appropriate what you did?
I didn't push her! She fell on her own! Stop blaming me!
Oh for God's sake!
Alia how much more would you lie?
I saw you myself and you are saying that she was lying? Wow!
Why don't you understand? She is just bluffing you and you think she is telling the truth
Kabir explained you so nicely last night
but it didn't matter to you at all!
In fact I feel that nothing matters to you now!
And that is just sad! That is just sad!
Greetings!
Greetings
What happened? Why are you feeling low?
Leave it Kabir! Nothing new, it is the same problems
Still I want to know what it is!
Noting Kabir, leave it. You will feel bad if I tell you!
Falak tell me what is it!
Sit down and tell me
Now tell me!
Aliya sister pushed me today!
In the start there were arguments only but now she is turning violent
Kabir I am bearing all this for you only!
And I will bear it till I get tired
I am sorry Falak
I don't know what to do!
I can leave neither you nor Tauqeer brother and Alia sister! I am in a very difficult situation
It is your decision to leave or not and you will find me standing by your side in it
That is why I consider myself quite lucky. Always by my side like this
Keep smiling!
I am bringing tea for you, you freshen up
Your smile has freshened me up!
You both know that Alia isn't well that's why I have made a decision
Falak now this house is your responsibility!
You will manage this house now. You will take all the decisions regarding the meals and over all management.
Alia needs rest
Falak I think brother is absolutely right!
There is so much load on sister in law, and her health is important to us more than anything else!
I totally agree Tauqeer brother but I can't take this privilege away from sister in law.
Since many years she has been managing this house, she has done a great job.
I don't have any experience at all in managing the house
Falak Alia will help you if you need any assistance. This is my final decision
Okay if you insist. I will try my best not to give you any chance to complain
I know that you are upset with me
but trust me I did it all for your betterment!
The amount of responsibilities upon you are making you tired.
You think so weirdly.
I just want you to take rest so that you feel better Alia
Do you know I think that I am a burden on you!
The way you have relieved me off the responsibilities of this house,
relieve me off this relationship also!
For the love of God! Why do you think so negatively Alia?
Today you can't see the truth but it will be too late when you will!
Look Alia Falak is also a part of this house
and we should share responsibilities so that she feels that it is her house as well
No matter the amount of justifications you want to give but you also know that you have done wrong with me.
I have spent a whole lifetime to make this house beautiful and you snatched that responsibility from me
There is absolutely no value of anything I say whatsoever! It is very clear to me today
I have made a list of all items, still if you don't find anything call me
Okay ma'am
I have to handle the responsibility of this house because of you now!
You never wanted this, you must be so sad!
I can see how helpless you are feeling.
You had put a great effort in making this house
and now someone else has become the ruler!
This is your doubt!
This house was mine, is mine and will always remain mine!
Really? Well right now I am ruling this house and you also have to listen to me.
I have taken this house away from you and very soon I am going to take away Kabir also!
Hurry up put this in Nawal's room!
Oh it's good that you came!
Alia didn't come?
No she wasn't well. All the responsibilities have been given to me! She doesn't do anything at all
Did she say anything?
No everything is okay for now. She can start a new drama when she will lose her mind
Okay go help Nawal, she is getting so confused in getting ready!
Mother have you over spent?
You were so conscious when it was my turn
I spent more than my capacity when it was your turn! You are thankless.
Go and help Nawal, let me get ready
Greetings sister!
You had to be here an hour ago!
Haven't you spent a bit too much?
Hamza has bought all these things for me!
Who gave this to you?
Hamza gifted this also. Isn't it pretty?
No it is not! He should gift you something worthy!
It is so pretty! Don't say that! I and Hamza both love it
You should have told Sophia aunt that it is an engagement not a wedding that she sent so many things!
I told her not to over do it but she said she wanted to, as she has only one son.
Mother also told me not to stop her because she might feel bad then
It is great that you can enjoy such clothes also other wise you could only imagine them in your dreams or watch them hanging on the boutique's racks!
Yeah I had no interest as well
I should also get ready now!
Yeah hurry up!
Kabir is the only sibling I have and I love him more than my life Alia!
And I don't want to lose him at any cost
Kabir is as dear to me as he is to you!
Why are you doing this all then? Why?
I can't make you understand!
If I would say something, you would think that I am saying bad things about Falak.
It is better that I should keep quiet!
I don't know where is the fault.
You are trying to compete with Falak.
But there is no competition between you and Falak
Alia make a promise with me.
You would not fight with Falak over anything
and you will give her the respect she deserves.
Look Alia I want us all to live together forever
And if Kabir gets separated from me, I will break apart
Please promise me that you would regard me
The ring is so beautiful!
Nawal is so lucky, her husband is quite rich, he has a very big business.
Her mother in law has a very big heart also
They have so much money, they can buy hundreds of rings like this!
Falak!
What are you thinking?
Nothing much, I was just envying your fate! Fate can favor such people also
Falak look at the ring! It is so pretty!
I think aunt must have chosen it, she has an amazing taste. She selected all my jewelry!
Aunt!
Yes
You sent so many precious gifts and it is such a grand function of engagement!
Did you see? Nawal showed you the gifts right? Did you like them?
Yes they were beautiful and I really admired them! They looked so expensive
I bought jewelry from here and bought the diamond set from Canada with a lot of love!
The dress is so beautiful! Trust me you have a great taste!
Nawal sister's choice is considered too bad in our family
No I disagree! Nawal has a very sophisticated choice, she likes delicate things.
Many people just run after the brand name but she doesn't. She is such a classy girl!
Won't you eat anything?
No not now, after some time. I am talking to my friend right now
The ring is so beautiful!
Nawal is quite lucky! They are quite rich, they can afford anything!