Enough Falak! I know the truth very well.
Falak is right... Ask them to leave right now. 
ask for your alimony. 
This is not a meager sum, you can do a lot of things with that money.
You've been divorced, at least you should gain something from this.
And in that circumstances, the man must pay the alimony... I know the law.
That's why I won't be pressured by you. 
I knew it... I knew that she wouldn't be able to take care of my daughter.
That's why I didn't want to send her away. 
She is ungrateful.
She doesn't care about anyone but herself.
doctor, did you get to know that what had happened to her?
She had food poising due to consumption of expired milk
and the child became dehydrated due to vomiting again & again
but don't worry, God willing everything will be under controlled
Thank you so much
bye!
Zakiya
Zakiya... 
yes maam Falak
get me a nice cup of coffee
maam Falak, Ilham was quite unwell. Maam Nawal took her to the hospital
what!
why nobody told me anything?
I was calling you but your number was off
oh! my phone got off
but how!
hello sister Nawal. What happened to Ilhaam? How is she now? In which hospital you are?
Okay, I am coming
bring this medicine
Okay, is the pharmacy on that side? Let me go & get them
Sure
sister Nawal!
Falak, where were you? I had called you so many times
my phone got off
aren't you feeling ashamed?
that child was about to die because of you
God forbid if something would have happened to her, then where we would have gone?
You are so insensitive, you don't even know that we don't feed expired milk to the babies
you could have at least checked the date
it wasn't expired when I had given her. You should have checked too, you should have checked before giving it to her
You knew it that she was not well, then why did you leave her alone?
So what shall I do? Should I roam around while carrying her for an entire day? Shouldn't I do any of my work?
Falak, are you mad? Do you have any idea what we are going through!
It was difficult for us to spend a single moment
Stop it sister! Enough of your emotional lectures. Tell me, is she fine now?
She has become fine now, after coming here & getting her checked from the doctors
You had created such a big scene as if God forbid.. 
what is this guy doing here? Did you call him here?
So, it was Kabir & I who had brought her here
You know what this guy did to me. He did a lot of injustices with me. He had shoved me out of the house
You are a liar! That's why you lie about every matter. Nothing as such had happened
I don't want to see your face, Go away! And I won't let you come near to my daughter
She is my daughter as well
No, she is only my daughter. Only mine! And I will call the police if you won't leave from here
Falak, are you in your senses? Why do you want to create a scene?
its not me but he is creating a scene. Tell him to go away from here right away!
I remember everything whenever I see him. They did a lot of injustice with me
Enough is enough! Tell him to go from here right away
enough of your drama
Let me call the police because you are responsible for this condition of my daughter
what rubbish you are talking!
This is not rubbish but reality
I know it very well that what kind of a mother you are
you couldn't take care of my daughter
when you used to run away from your responsibilities in front of me, then you must have done the same thing at your house as well
neither you could become a good wife, nor a good mother
if you knew it so well that I am so careless, then why you had sent away your daughter?
I had already left her at your house, but then you had sent her back to me upon my mother & sister Nawal's words
because you wanted peace & freedom in your life. But you had to make my life a living hell
Fine!
I will take her back with me & that too very happily
Falak, be quiet!
can't you both see Ilham's condition? Instead of praying for her, you guys are fighting with each other
this guy standing in front of you is humiliating me a lot, what not he is saying about me
if some other sister had been in your place, then she would have broken his jaw by now
No! You are wrong Falak
You knew it that she was not well, you shouldn't have left her alone. Now if he is scolding you then hear it quietly
Why should I listen? Am I his slave?
Ilham is only my daughter, he is her father
and I want him to take away Ilham with her
He should also get to know how difficult a child's responsibility is, He will get to know once he'll handle her
No Falak, Kabir you won't do any such thing. Ilham will stay with us
Why will she stay with her? If I am her mother, then he is also her father
He should also take care of her responsibility
he is spending his life peacefully, now he should handle his child too
And yes! Before taking Ilham give me my alimony, then you can take away your daughter
be quiet, have you gone mad? Why are you escalating the matter?
sister, you won't understand. Stay away from these issues. I know these people very well
you have shown your status!
this is your reality
Fine! You will get your alimony & I will take away my daughter
Fine, you can take away your daughter then. I have no objection
Falak, you cannot do this
but remember one thing
I will not let you see my daughter's face, you will swerve for it
time will tell that
for now you'll get to know in a few days that its not an easy task to handle the kids
I have become fed-up of all this
just relax
Falak, you are such a selfish & insensitive girl!
what wrong have I done?
if I want to do something in my life, then what problem do you have?
and why shall I take care of Kabir's daughter?
what do you want?
entire life I shall do her brought up & help her grow. And there he shall wander around freely and do whatever he wants to
and then whether he remarries
I am sorry! Why don't I deserve such a life?
I will do whatever I want to do
don't I have a right to live my life as per my choice?
Falak, I can't believe. How can I be so mistaken to recognize you
this is my life & whatever decisions I need to make whatever is better for me. I will do that
did you hear her? you are her biggest supporter
what wrong did she said? She is right
She is not only his child, but Kabir's too. She is Kabir's responsibility as well
So let him handle his responsibility
and by the way, why are you taking tension?
Hamza, you are supporting her?
No... I am not supporting her
I am supporting whatever is right
You are doing so wrong. You are showing her the wrong path
its not a wrong thing to spend your life as per your own choice
and what are you doing? She is your sister, you should be supporting her
No! absolutely not. I am not so insensitive, I cannot support all this
did you see? She always do this to me
She never understands me, she is only concerned about Kabir
and nobody cares about me
don't you worry, you haven't done anything wrong with anyone
I am with you
thank you so much Hamza, don't know what would have happened if you hadn't been there
what do you want?
entire life I shall do her brought up & help her grow. And there he shall wander around freely
 and do whatever he wants to
and then whether he remarries
I am sorry! Why don't I deserve such a life?
Nawal, take care of Ilhaam
make her like you
Nawal
Hamza you!
yes... come with me
Nawal, let me talk to him
Kabir, please... 
speak up
you will come with me right away, you won't stay here for a minute
No!
people are watching, don't create a scene Hamza
I don't care!
you will give the resignation right away, and you will not go to his office again. Come with me
Hamza, what do you think? Am I a puppet?
that I will do whatever you will ask me to do?
Yes! do you have any other choice? You are my to-be wife
So, I won't tolerate that you shall do the job in my enemy's office
I am your to-be wife, but not your wife as of yet
if I want, I can end this relation right away
really?
then end it. Let me see, how you'll do it
Let me end that relation due to which you show so much of attitude to me
today onwards our paths are separate
listen!
you have no right to end this relation
this relation can end only if I want to
and today on wards, don't you dare to take off this ring
I love you a lot
therefore I am explaining you with love
do as I am asking you to do
leave my hand
its hurting
people are watching, don't make a scene. Let me go!
remember one thing
today onwards never talk about getting separated from me
you can be a good businessman
but you are not a good human being
Really?
now you will tell me what I am?
and do you think that I will give any importance to your words?
You have no importance of any relation or anyone's respect
you have no right to end this relation
this relation can end only if I want to
and today on wards, don't you dare to take off this ring
remember one thing
today onwards never talk about getting separated from me
are you back?
yes my dear wife, how are you?
you came quite late today, is everything alright?
I had told you that I am doing an investment with a friend in Germany
So there were a few meeting about it & I was busy 
how was the meeting?
very nice & the response was quite over whelming
I had no idea that there is so much of leather demand in Germany, I was surprised!
just pray whatever happens shall be good. And everything happens smoothly
all of my prayers are with you. God willing all will be good
Amen
where is my daughter?
Right now she is doing her study time, she has said that I will become an astronaut
that's great!
if this my daughter's desire, then her father will ensure to make her an astronaut
She will become an astronaut. Go freshen up, meanwhile let me serve the dinner
Okay, do call Kabir as well
Tell him to come, lets have dinner together
Okay, let me call him
today onwards our paths are separate
you will give the resignation right away, and you will not go to his office again. Come with me
Hamza, you can't do this!
I love you a lot
therefore I am explaining you with love
do as I am asking you to do
he is calling to apologize, because he must have realized it now
I don't need his apologies. Neither I will meet him nor I will forgive him
you aren't doing the right thing with me
what do you think? Will I back out if you will not attend the phone or talk to me?
Absolutely not! Its your delusion, Nawal
You have to talk to me
because your every path comes to me
Kabir, keep this
what is this, brother?
cheque of 50 lacs
for Falak's alimony, give it to her
but brother you were saying that its quite difficult to arrange
Its alright, I have managed it
thank you so much brother, you have solved such a big problem of mine
its alright, it not a big deal
in fact do one thing, do take the receiving from her on the stamp paper. 
What if tomorrow she claims it again
in fact I must say, you should also get Ilham's custody papers signed from her
So that she cannot go to the court in the future & we don't face any problem
Thank you so much
oho, its fine..
stop it, its not a big deal
So, are you happy now? If I hadn't been there, then you would have never got this idea
by the way, you would have stayed empty hands
some days ago you were empty hands, and now look you have a cheque of 50 lacs in your hands
thanks to me
you are absolutely correct
Its true, if you hadn't put this in my mind then I would have never claimed for it
it was right & one should never leave their right
By the way Falak, you are so lucky that your problem got solved quite early
otherwise it takes months...
I am quite lucky though
So what have you decided now? What will you do?
I haven't decided anything as of yet. You tell me, what shall I do?
Falak, do you trust me?
right now its just you, on whom I can blindly trust
I know a producer, and he wants to produce his own film
if you want, you can produce a film along with him
also you'll be the heroine in it
Falak, just think... you'll come on the silver screen
cameras all around, lighting... and you'll be standing in the center like a heroine
everyone will be adoring you
are you sure? Is this possible?
why its not possible? just think... 
first project on the big screen, and that too as a heroine
I am 100% sure that the film will touch the skies
and after that, all the big projects will want to caste you only
and all the upcoming next years will be yours
Maria, is this all a dream?
for now its a dream, but it can be true if you take the risk
Falak look, one needs to take the risk in order to become successful
Alright then, I am ready
this is great!
Falak, I can see your bright future in front of my eyes
all the heroines will become flop in front of you & you will be the superstar
please take something...
but right now I don't have anymore money, also the accounts are empty
Falak, you had told me that aunty has transferred half of the property on your name
I cannot let you ruin such a huge amount
but you cannot stop me, I have a legal right on everything
Yes?
Nawal, I wanted to discuss something. 
I wanted to talk about whatever happened in the room
whatever Hamza did was not right
it was so embarrassing for me. 
Kabir & I, both have to face a lot of embarrassment
you are absolutely correct. Whatever happened yesterday wasn't right at all
Yes, but you don't have to be embarrassed for it. Hamza should be embarrassed for it
the way he had dragged you out of the conference while holding your hand forcefully, & that too in front of everyone
Nawal, what is the use of such relations when we don't have respect in them
You should talk to Hamza, if he cannot respect you then...
Nawal, when it comes on one's respect then staying quiet is harmful
you are right
Please.. never consider yourself weak. You are so brave
and never compromise on your self-respect. Please
and remember you are not alone. Ok?
Thank you, Aliya
Zakiya
yes maam Nawal
I am going to my room to do rest. No matter who comes, just say that I am not at home
Okay
Hello! yes, how is your mom's health?
No, no... don't worry. God willing, soon she will be fine
hmm....
No no, don't worry. I will handle
I am telling you, its not a problem
Just take care of your mother, stay with her. She needs you more
I am telling you, I will go
just worry about your mother, ok?
yes, let me tell them for the ticket
Okay, bye! take care...
yes sir?
tell Nawal that Hamza is here
but she is not at home
but her car is parked
Fine!
Thank God you came on the right time. We are going to Nawal's house, come along
nobody will go to Nawal's house
why?
As I said, neither you or sister will go to meet Nawal
but why? has something happened? what's the problem?
She has gone crazy!
and now me too!
Hamza! at least listen to me
Hamza, what happened?
why are you so angry?
Sister please! I don't want to talk on this topic at all. Leave me alone
but... 
As I said, please!
what happen? Did he tell you something?
No mom
I don't understand what fight have happened in between both of them
mom, don't worry Ok? 
Trust me, everything will be fine
I hope so
brother... what is the matter? Is everything alright?
yes, all good... actually I want to discuss something with both of you
what happen, is everything alright?
yes, all good...
I had told you both that me & my business partner Farhan are doing an investment in Germany
yes...
So, we had to visit Germany for the same
initially the plan was that Farhan will go to Germany, but unfortunately he had an emergency
his mother got a heart attack
Oh... 
so now I am going in his place
oho! this is very sad news. By the way, how is his mother doing now?
Thanks to God she is much better than before
in fact he was saying that he'll go after a few days but I said no, you should stay here with your mother & take care of her
I will go, after all its my responsibility too
its a good thing. By the way, approximately how many days tour it would be?
nothing is confirmed as of yet, it will take some time
all depends upon the meeting over there
by the way brother the leather market is so good in Germany. I think your decision is absolutely correct
and God willing, soon your company will grow very quickly
God willing
by the way, when do you have to go?
the ticket will be of this week, I have told him
by the way Kabir, have you paid the alimony's amount to Falak?
yes brother, I have
and what about Ilham's custody papers? 
Have you got them signed?
yes sister, I have got that done too
its a good thing, at least she won't be able to claim the custody of the baby
hmm...
here you go
Falak, this much amount won't be enough
we would be needing an extra 5 to 6 crores
for now I have only this much amount. Kindly talk to Mr. Shuja, he can arrange the rest of the amount
Falak look, the film shooting is in Switzerland. Film's production, post-production & marketing
the total would be almost 10 to 12 crores
See, you will give half of the money & Mr. Shuja will add half of the money
but right now I don't have anymore money, also the accounts are empty
Falak, you had told me that aunty has transferred half of the property on your name
Yes
then sell your share
As it is, after the movie you'll live in this small house
You have to buy a big house in some posh area
house...
sister Nawal will never agree to sell this house
what's the big deal if sister Nawal will not agree? Why are you worried for her?
has she ever been worried for you till date? No, right?
then please you also don't worry about her. 
Its done that you are selling this house
be a businesswoman baby, how will it work if you don't take the risk?
Falak, what are you thinking?
See, if you don't want to work then tell me. Take back your cheque
No...
See, as it is if not you then someone else. Already Mr. Shuja has so many people who wants to work with him
I can understand Maria, I will arrange the rest of the money as well. Don't worry!
for now, keep it
hmm....
I will try to come in a few days
Okay
what happen, Hamza? Whose call it was?
it was the company manager's call from Canada
actually...
brother Raheel's cousin Qasim have sent a legal notice
Qasim had sent a legal notice! but why?
because I have separated him completely from the company's affairs
Also, I have canceled all the contracts from his company
but you didn't tell us anything. Qasim is a nice guy, why you did this with him?
Because their performance wasn't good. What else I could have done?
I didn't had any other option
so what will happen now?
now I have to go to Canada, to answer the notice
rest we'll get to know after going there, eventually all of this will take time
Falak, this much amount won't be enough
we would be needing an extra 5 to 6 crores
the film shooting is in Switzerland. Film's production, post-production & marketing
the total would be almost 10 to 12 crores
See, you will give half of the money & Mr. Shuja will add half of the money
 sell your share
As it is, after the movie you'll live in this small house
what's the big deal if sister Nawal will not agree? Why are you worried for her?
has she ever been worried for you till date?
then please you also don't worry about her. 
Its done that you are selling this house
be a businesswoman baby, how will it work if you don't take the risk?
I want to talk to you
go ahead
I want to buy a car, also I need some money
how much money do you want?
you cannot give me
that's why I have decided to sell out my share of this house
what!
how could you even think of it?
I will not let you sell this house, Falak
I haven't come to ask you but to tell you, I have already decided
rest is your choice, if you don't want to sell this house then sell the plot & give me the money
are you in your senses? Do you even know the value of that plot?
it must be 4 to 5 crores, and I require the same amount
why do you need so much of money?
I want to do a business
Besides, I cannot sit idle at home. I have an entire left, somehow have to do something
and what business do you want to do?
I don't find it important to tell you everything
absolutely not!
I cannot let you ruin such a huge amount
but you cannot stop me, I have a legal right on everything
rest is your choice, whether you want to sell the plot or I shall sell my share from this house
Hello! yes Maria?
my dear wife, what is the need to keep so many clothes?
I had checked the weather, its quite cold over there. So I thought of keeping a few more clothes
Aliya, I will get a few from the market if required
You will not reach the market as soon as you land there
point!
now get ready, its time for your flight
Ok give me 5 minutes. And yes, ensure to keep my shaving stuff
I've already kept your shaving kit, don't worry!
Thank you!
Ilhaam baby is looking so cute, also your health looks fine
now don't get sick, otherwise dad will get upset
Okay?
are you hungry?
hey! when did you come? 
Are you happy now, that you father is here?
I was only missing her when I was at the office
Sister, I cant forget that moment when she was hospitalized
they were putting injections & drips on her small hands
if it was in my control, I would have done something as such to get her entire pain. But nothing shall happen to her
I wish Falak would have realized the same, then it would have been really good
Sister, promise me one thing today
today on wards, you will never mention Falak in this house
just consider that Falak is dead for us
tell me yourself
is she capable enough to be missed?
I can understand
dad's dearest daughter...
Nawal...
what is happening between you & Hamza?
what fight is going on?
how will we get to know until you don't tell us?
I won't hide anything from both of you
actually the matter is that Hamza's behavior is quite changed with me
He isn't the same Hamza whom I used to know
He had tarnished my self-respect so many times in the past few days
He had misbehaved with me in the office & few days ago he had crossed all the limits
I was in a conference, he dragged me outside the room while holding my hand
a lot of people were present there
but he doesn't have any respect in his eyes for me, He treats me like a slave
Dear, we have been talking so many times but why you had never mentioned it to me?
I would have explained him for you
Aunty, I have decided & have announced my decision to Hamza
I cannot marry Hamza