In the beginning, I was definitely hurt, but because of Kabir, this pain was also cured.
Both you and Falak deserve each other wholly.
You wont go to office from tomorrow.
I have appointed new finance person in your place.
How can you do this Hamza?
So what should I do?
OK, if you want to get funds from me then share details of these projects with me.
I will give you funds after reviewing project details.
OK.
How much is the share of sister Nazish in this business and in this house?
Do you know, what has she said to me?
She said that if she will withdraw her share from this business and house then you will have nothing.
I am sorry Hamza, I can't sign these documents.
I think you are not paying attention to business as you should.
If you want to get funds from me then share details of these projects with me.
I will give you funds after reviewing project details.
Two production units have been shut down there and there is some problem in production over there.
Clients have filed case on our company because the haven't received consignment on time.
We will have to pay heavy penalties Hamza.
Greetings, how are you Mr. Khurram?
I want you do something for me.
I need some loan.
Yes.
How many days will this process take?
I mean that how much time will it take to get funds transferred in my account after application?
OK, I will send my Manager.
Please apply on my behalf. Thank you.
Yes sure. I will come to your office very soon. Thanks again.
Good bye.
Aunt. Aunt.
Oh.
Are you blind?
You keep running here and there without reason. Why don't you understand?
This is not your house.
How dare you to slap my daughter?
Are you blind? Aren't you seeing that she has dropped tea on me
She is just a child and mistakenly dropped tea on you but you slapped her?
If you will slap her again then I will break your hands Falak.
OK, I wont beat her but why don't you control her?
How dare you to say this?
It's enough.
Don't try to beat me again.
I have endured so many cruelty from you.
If you again dare to beat me then I will behave in a very bad way.
Falak.
Behave yourself. You are talking without thinking. What's wrong with you?
I am talking in that tone which I should have used much earlier.
You daughter understands this tone.
All the time I am humiliated in this house. But now I will not tolerate that anymore.
Let Hamza come, he will make you understand.
Here he is. Tell him about your complaints.
He should know that what do you do all day with me in this house?
What happened? Why is this noise in the house?
Ask your sister, who is habitual of creating dramas.
Hamza, make your wife understand that don't test my patience
otherwise I will behave in a very bad way.
What is left to be done with me?
I am humiliated all the time in this house. I don't have any single moment of peace and calmness.
Falak.
Let's go to room. We will talk there.
I am not going anywhere. Whatever will be discussed will discuss here.
Ever since I have come in this house after my marriage. They didn't allow me to pass a single day with peace in this house.
You go to office but they keep taunting me all the time.
Now whatever will be discussed will discuss in front of you right here.
It's enough Falak.
Don't behave rudely.
Why do I stop? She has problem with me but why is she living here?
Why don't you leave this house. Go to your house. Let me live peacefully in my house and you also live peacefully at your house.
Falak
Now don't let a word come out of your mouth otherwise I will behave in a very bad way.
I am trying to make you understand but you aren't understanding.
Apologize to sister and mom right now right away.
Why do I apologize? When I haven't done anything wrong then why do I apologize?
Apologize to both of them right now right away.
Otherwise the door is right there, you can go.
Do you have idea that what are you saying? You are asking me to leave this house?
You go to office but do you have any idea that how much both of them taunt me and humiliate me whole day?
I totally understand, my family can't behave that rudely like you have done to them.
So, apologize to them right now right away.
Apologize to them.
I am sorry.
You are looking beautiful.
Thank you. What's the matter? You are looking very happy.
Yes it's a matter of happiness.
Qaiser called me and told me that the meeting has been scheduled with investor.
Investor is ready to do investment on our terms and conditions.
That's great news.
You know what, all of this happening only because of you.
Ever since you have come in my life everything is going well.
I strongly believe that you must be the reward of my good deed.
I mean it.
Madam, miss Elham is ready.
Let's go.
Come to me my dear. Let's go.
Let's go.
Hamza make your wife understand that don't test my patience
otherwise I will behave in a very bad way.
Do you have any idea that what are you saying to me? You are asking me to leave this house?
You go to office but both of them taunt me and humiliate me, do you have any idea about that?
As I said, apologize to both of them right now right away.
Otherwise the door is right there and you can go.
I am sorry.
God has given you so much respite Falak.
But I must say one thing that "Karma" is a reality of life.
You will have to bear the consequences of your wrong doings.
And God does not waste anyone's patience.
Sorry Falak.
I was too hyper but you should have thought before talking to them.
No one behaved that rudely with sister in this house till date.
You have broken all the trust and pride I had in you today.
Today I realized that I am just like any other non living thing in this house.
Which has no worth.
Whoever wants to humiliate me he/she will do that but I can't say anything in response. Right?
What difference does it make?
You should understand this as well.
Your rude behavior with sister is creating problems for me.
And what do you think about their behavior with me?
No matter what they do,
no one will ask them but if I say anything then they will beat me.
But there is a proper way to talk.
If you had any problem with them then you should have told me. I would talk to them.
But it doesn't mean that you behave rudely with her and ask her to leave this house.
I wont bear that at all.
And in future, if you will have any problem then you will tell me.
You wont misbehave with sister or mom.
Please take care of this.
I have decided mom, I can't live here now.
Why are you giving so much importance to Falak's words?
Mom she is right.
Why am I living here and what is the reason for me to live here?
While, I can live very comfortably in my own house.
I can't tolerate Falak's rude behavior by staying here for the rest of my life.
Today she slapped my delicate daughter. God knows what will she do in future?
No my child don't say that. She wont say anything again. Hamza has scolded her in front of you.
No mom.
I have decided.
Now you decide whether you will go with me or stay here?
How can I decide? Don't worry, let's do something about this. Just relax.
Do you know, you didn't deserve him.
What are you saying Falak?
We have done everything for you and have given everything to you but you didn't deserve that Falak.
I have loved you so much but you, you have given me this reward?
Are you still angry with me?
What difference does it make to you?
Why doesn't it matter to me? You are my wife.
OK tell me, why is your mood off?
I want to bring Elham here in this house.
What? But this is not possible Falak.
Why isn't this possible?
Elham is my daughter and you knew before our marriage that I have a daughter so why can't I bring her here?
You can't bring her here because I am still fighting for you in this house.
Mom and sister haven't yet accepted you in this house so how will they accept Elham?
Are you missing her so much?
Do you know Hamza, sometime I feel that something is missing inside me.
She is part of my body and she is away from me.
I feel pain and no body can have idea about that pain.
She is my daughter
and I can't meet her despite I want to meet her.
Why can't you meet her?
Kabir can't stop you to meet her and I don't have any objection on this as well.
Kabir forcefully asked me to sign the Elham's custody papers.
Such papers have no value. Court doesn't accept such papers.
You can go with driver and meet Elham whenever you want.
And by the way, why did you suddenly think about bringing Elham here?
How lucky sister Nawal is.
She has got everything very easily.
She got companionship of Kabir and also took my daughter from me.
I am burning from inside after seeing my daughter's attachment with them.
I don't want my daughter to go away from me.
I want to bring her here with me at any cost. I am her mother.
And how can such people live a peaceful live who fill others' live with restlessness?
My own daughter snatched everything from me.
She snatched Kabir from me and tell me, what did she do to you?
Sister Nawal did wrong to you and Kabir did wrong to me.
I will go mad. I want my daughter back.
And how stupid and helpless both of us are
that neither you can say anything to Nawal nor I can say anything to Kabir.
How helpless mother I am that I can't meet, see and take my daughter in my lap?
You don't have to worry.
I will find a solution to this problem.
It is clearly mentioned in the custody papers which are with Kabir that I am handing over Elham's custody to him and I will not claim that again in future.
Leave it to me.
Falak has sent court notice
to get Elham's custody.
What?
Why isn't this possible? Elham is my daughter
and you knew before our marriage that I have a daughter so why can't I bring her here?
Sometime I feel that something is missing inside me. She is part of my body.
She is away from me. I feel pain and no one can have idea about that pain.
She is my daughter but I can't meet her despite I want to meet her.
My own sister snatched everything from me.
She snatched Kabir from and tell me what did she do to you?
Kabir forcefully asked me to sign Elham's custody papers.
If I want, I can file a case against both of you for doing false propaganda against me.
Hamza, consider this as my last warning.
I wont warn you after today.
Mom, you asked me to take over the business,
now when I have decided to go back to Canada then why are you stopping me?
My child, you can run business from here as well. It's not necessary that you go there.
Mom I talked to Manager yesterday and he told me that due to unit's shut down all production process has been disturbed.
And the clients have filed a case on our company.
We will have to pay heavy penalties. The workers' moral is also down
and if I wont go there then Company may shut down and we will face huge loss.
And Raheel did hard work to bring Company to this stage.
So do I let his hard work go in vain?
No, my child I don't want this at all.
Raheel worked really hard. I am afraid that you will live alone there.
Oh no mom. Trust me, I will live much better life there than I am living here.
OK then, as you wish.
Falak, do you want to bring your daughter here with you?
What do you mean? What do you want to say?
She is your daughter and you are very concerned for her?
So do you want her to live here with you?
That would be really great. I want my daughter Elham to stay with me.
But Hamza, as you know that sister and aunt will never agree with this idea.
That's my problem. I will look after that.
It is clearly mentioned in the custody papers which are with Kabir that I am handing over Elham's custody to him and I will not claim that again in future.
Leave that to me. I will handle this issue.
I will bring Elham here to you.
I don't believe it. Is this true Hamza?
Yes, I will talk to lawyer today, he will file the case tomorrow.
Falak it's your legal right.
And neither Kabir nor anyone else can keep your daughter away from you.
Hello, Mr. lawyer, where are you?
Can you please come to office?
I want to take your advise regarding an important matter.
OK, I will be there within fifteen to twenty minutes so please come there.
Whatever you have done to me, I will take revenge of that at any cost.
Both of you have snatched my peace,
now I will snatch peace from both of you.
Sir, someone has given this outside.
OK.
What happened? What's written in this?
Falak has sent a court notice to get Elham's custody.
What?
But how can she send custody notice
since she gave custody to you and signed the custody papers as well.
She has alleged me that I have done second marriage
so her step mother means you
can't take care of her so she wants to get Elham's custody back.
What? She has lost her mind.
How much she is attached with Elham, I know that very well.
Elham kept crying all night but she kept sleeping peaceful in her room.
If she was so attached with her then why had she left her like that?
She didn't asked about her once.
Why has she sent this notice?
Kabir, we can't give custody of Elham to Falak.
She can't take care of her. Do you remember what did she used to do?
I remember everything. Each and everything.
I haven't forgotten anything.
Talk to lawyer and ask him to do something.
She can't do this.
What are the chances of winning our case?
Truly speaking, our case is very weak.
The custody papers signed by Miss Falak is the link which weakens our case.
Anyway, I have sent the notice.
Let's see, what will be the response.
Kabir loves her daughter so much.
He is very attached to her.
I want to win this case at any cost.
I want to see Kabir in a broken state.
If you act according to my advises then I guarantee you that we can win this case.
Don't worry, we will do whatever you will say.
Ask Miss Falak to lie in the court
that she didn't sign those papers on her will rather Kabir blackmailed her and forcefully asked her to sign the papers.
I have to take care of her all the time and do her work all the time.
I have my own life as well and I wanted to live my life according to my wishes.
And by the way, she is not only my daughter, she is Kabir's daughter as well.
So, he should take care of her.
And if you can't take care of her as well then leave her there like I had left her there
and if you can't do that then I will go myself to leave her there.
Nawal, take care of Elham and try to make her like you.
Nawal, why are you crying?
How peacefully we were living and everything was going very nicely but..
Kabir please promise me that we wont send Elham to Falak.
What are you talking about Nawal?
Elham is our daughter. I know very well about Falak's nature. 
No matter what happens
 I wont let Elham to go back to Falak. OK?
Kabir, I don't know why but I am very scared.
 What if court gives Elham's custody to Falak then?
What will we do?
That wont happen.
I am here with you. Right? Trust me. I wont let that happen.
No matter what happens, I wont let Elham to go back to Falak. Trust me.
Yes mom, you called me.
Sit, I want to talk to you.
Yes, what's up?
Your sister is going back to Canada. 
She has booked her seat in tomorrow's flight.
So suddenly? But why?
Why? You are asking me?
Your wife has build such a big and high wall between a brother and his sister, can't you see that?
If sister is going back because of Falak then she has already apologized.
She is really ashamed and I also advised her, she wont do that again.
I don't think that these things matter at the moment Hamza.
I have made my decision and my tickets have been issued.
We only called you to tell you about this, Hamza.
Sister please, don't go. You have as much right on this house as much I have.
If this house belonged to me then she wouldn't say so much to me.
Hamza.
You have brought such a big torment in this house and put that on our heads.