Nawal I want you to join the office again
Hamza it is not possible
Why?
Because I have joined the new office a few days ago
The company is good and its giving me a nice package
What? How could you do this?
I will not let you join any other company. You should have asked me before
Hamza please don't be aggressive.
Do you know what will happen if I join your office again?
What will happen?
Everybody will consider our commitment as an affair and will do my character assassination. I can't tolerate that
What does it matter?
We were serious about each other! We are engaged now and are going to get married
If people get to know that my wife works in another company, what would everyone think?
I am sorry Nawal but your are taking a very wrong decision
Hamza please! I don't like all this. Don't argue with me
Nawal you were never like this! Why do you think you are always right?
Hello Falak! How are you?
I am absolutely well! Where are you lost? No call or message!
Yes I was a little busy. You tell
What will you have?
Whatever you are ordering, order for me too
Sister are you outside? Was it Hamza?
Yes I am having a lunch with him
Hello! Falak! What happened?
I have come here with a very special purpose
Yes please
The way Nawal took care of me in my illness, it's extraordinary, It was more than my own daughter could do.
You have groomed her so well, she is so sweet
Thank you so much
I want Hamza and Nawal to marry soon so that I can take her home and my house can have some life!
What?
Hamza also wants the same! You might feel I am being hasty
but it is good for the daughters to go to their in laws house as soon as possible
You are right nut give me some time.
I haven't even thought about it yet. I haven't even discussed it with anybody
If course, you can take the advice. But please don't take long
I want to say something, you are in a bit of haste.
Please give us some time to do the preparations
No there is absolutely no need of the preparations.
The children can buy whatever they want to after their marriage. Why are you worrying about it?
Thank you so much that you are so considerate.
But trust me we want to do some preparations so, please don't stop us
Okay as you wish
Please have it
Yes sure
I want everyone in the meeting! Prepare a presentation and make sure nobody is missing!
You may go now and you have five minutes
Hello!
Falak! How are you here? All good?
Yes everything is fine. I was getting bored in house so thought of coming here for lunch
Falak you could at least inform me well before coming
I thought to give you a surprise! How is the surprise?
now please don't say that you are busy
Falak I am actually quite busy, I have an important meeting and I can't leave the meeting
You are the boss of this office, you can cancel the meetings! Come on I am so hungry
Falak listen! You just go home, we can' have any lunch now.
Let me come home we will talk then
Kabir I came for you to have lunch and you can't even cancel a few meetings!
Please try to understand! I don't have any time to delay the meeting
What have I thought? But you have absolutely no care of me.
You just worry about your business! I thought we could spend some time together but look at you!
I am sorry it was my fault!
Falak listen to me Falak!
Sir the client is waiting for you for the meeting
Sure I am coming
Miss Sophia came, she is asking for the marriage
Mother that's so soon
It is not early Nawal, you are older to Falak.
It is always good for daughters to go to their in laws house soon
But mother I had decided that I would get married after some time when this proposal was finalized.
Please give me some time
Daughter the times were different then
We have seen Sophia, and we know how decent and well groomed she is!
You have seen Hamza and you trust him now that he would never cheat on you!
Now you know that he is loyal to you, you have tested him.
Daughter there is a time for everything
And I think that this time is the best for your wedding!
How can we do all the preparations so fast?
Everything will be done, we will take a month or two's time and this much time is sufficient for the wedding
Hamza is a really nice man and I am sure that he would keep you really happy!
Let me call brother and sister and let's see what do they feel about this
Greetings
Hey uncle!
Hey! How are you?
Oh
Looks like you are quite tired today!
Yes sister in law, there was so much work load, had no time free! There were meetings back to back
Besides you work so hard too!
Do one thing, you go change and I will get you tea
Sister in law not tea, I am so hungry I will have dinner. I will tell Falak to get me dinner
She is not a home
She isn't at home? Where is she?
I don't know
Really? Let me call her
Sure
Hmm so where were we?
Here
What were the goblins saying?
Those three were
Spend the whole time sitting in boredom at house
and he is calling me when I am sitting with my friends!
Oh yes I know you are only sister of your brother! How can he marry without your presence?
Of course I will keep sending you the updates! The wedding will take place after two or three months
Take care of yourself and the kids! Okay we will talk later. Good Bye
Did you talk to Sultana aunt?
Yes I went to talk to her, she said she would discuss it with Nawal and her brother
I was just talking to Nazish, she said her kids have exams in a month,
so how about if we arrange the date after two months so that it is easier for everybody to attend the wedding?
Two months is a very long time!
Son it is a wedding!They need time for preparations!
Hmm okay I'll wait then
Ma'am dinner is ready
Okay let's go
Let's go
Falak where have you been?
I had been calling you for so long, you weren't picking up the call!
I was busy
Busy?
What do you mean? Where were you busy? I had been so worried!
Do you care for me?
No right? Then why were you getting upset for me!
It is useless to feel worried for me
Falak what are you saying? Why wouldn't I care for you?
You hadn't been so rude to reject my offer for lunch if you cared!
Falak is it even something to get angry at?
I was in such a good mood!
What would happen if you went for a lunch with me!
I could face a big loss!
I have told you that we are starting a new business. And these are quite important meetings for this purpose
These are your lame excuses! I know everything!
Falak think whatever you want to! I can't explain anymore!
Yes that's right! How can I explain you that there is a life out of business also! How can I explain you?
Do you even remember the last time we went for an outing?
When did we spend time together? No right? How would you remember?
I think it has been years to our wedding not months!
This relationship has no charm, no happiness! There is nothing in our relation
Falak we are fighting without any reason!
You want to go outside right? Okay I will take you out for lunch tomorrow!
Don't do this favor to me!
You should take rest, you must be so tired after attending so many meetings!
Falak!
Hello! Hello! Hello
Greetings
Greetings! How are you daughter?
I am fine how are you? Are you going somewhere?
Yes I am going to meet a few friends!
Oh I thought we would sit together and have a little chat
Oh I didn't know that! Actually I made this plan many months ago so I am afraid I can't cancel it.
You sit with him, I will be back in two hours!
Okay
Take care of her till I am back
I will
Behave
Okay! I am surprised to see that she loves you more than I do!
What's going to happen after the wedding!
Anyways, let me show you something!
Come on!
Then we started the performance
How many food stalls were there?
There were so many!
Greetings
Greetings!
Uncle!
My doll! Love you
Uncle I am not a doll, I am a fairy!
How was the annual function?
Perfect!
And how did you perform?
Great!
That's my girl!
Come here to me!
Sister in law
Yes
This is for you
What is this?
It is something I should have done a long time back
Tell me! You are worrying me
These are the share papers of our business! I have given half of the shares to you
What? There was no need for this Kabir
How do you say that brother?
It was pre-decided that I and sister in law were the equal partners in the business
And that I have given to sister in law. I have just done the documentation right now
You keep this Kabir, it is all yours
No sister in law, this is your share. I can never keep this!
Many congratulations sister in law. Now you are officially the business partner!
Thank you. Everything belongs to Kabir, now and will always
Look at this
You have kept this all safe till now?
Everything
This all is too precious for me!
It reminds me of you
You used to tease me a lot that I keep all tiny things safe and give them so much importance!
Now look at you!
Do you remember this?
I gifted it to you
Yes and this?
You broke it in my hand!
This picture? You have kept all this !
Don't be too surprised! I am showing you all these things to assure you how deeply I love you!
I am actually quite surprised! Hey! I wore this in university
You have given her half the business shares! You didn't even think once about what she did with me!!
Falak there is no connection between house and official matters
Why is there no connection? We live in the same house!
She used all the tactics to kick me out of this house!
Kabir you wanted to stay with them, I never objected.
You gave them half the business I didn't say a word. But yo have to listen what I am going to say
This house belongs to Tauqeer brother right
Yes
Tell him to give write half of this house for me in property!
What? What are you saying? Have you lost your mind?
Why are you so shocked?
If this house is in my share, at least Alia sister can't kick me out of this house!
It is Impossible Falak! Nobody would kick you out of here! You should trust me!
Why is it impossible? If you can sacrifice, he can do!
Why do we have to suffer always?
Kabir I am telling you the right thing!
If everything is getting shared then why not this house! Go talk to Tauqeer brother
You have said and I have heard! Now end it here.
I don't want to listen to this ever again!
Do you know what do you want? You want me to die in this house!
What happened? Why are you crying?
Leave it sister! How are you and mom?
We are fine but you are not. What happened again?
It is a daily routine
Did Kabir say anything?
Falak tell me now!
What will happen if I tell you? Will you come here to settle this thing?
We can come if we have to. Tell me what happened
Kabir has given half of the business to Alia sister
She already had that share, did he give her all of it?
No its the same
The same share! At first it was not in documentation but now he got the papers ready
Falak she was already the owner of half of it! So what happened?
Why are you crying? It was always hers!
When the business is being split then why not the house?
I asked Kabir to get the house split as well
But he scolded me! He asked me to keep quiet! Can't I ask for my right?
Falak you are being childish! Everything that Kabir has is yours!
Nothing is mine! Tell me something! If they make my share in the house then I would have some security that nobody would kick me out of this house!
Sister you leave it! You can never understand! Pay my regards to mother. I will talk later
What was she saying? Is everything okay?
Nothing much. Kabir has scolded her
What happened? I wanted to talk Nawal
Talk to her tomorrow. She is impulsive right now
You must be so happy right?
You flattered my husband and got the business! I must appreciate you
What are you saying? Are you in your senses?
You have been watching my husband's business like a snake!
You captured the whole business by helping him a little bit!
Wow! I a highly impressed!
You are so clever and cunning! And you call me smart! I can never reach your level
And Kabir? He is so stupid! He never knows the snakes he has around
Beware! Don't say a word!
If I am listening to you that doesn't mean you say whatever you want to!
I can't compensate for the pain you are feeling right now! Nobody can!
And this house and this business? I don't need any of it! Thank God we have enough already
You have been watching my husband's business like a snake!
You captured the whole business by helping him a little bit!
And Kabir? He is so stupid! He never knows the snakes he has around! Beware!
Tauqeer brother since the time you have given me the responsibility of this house, sister in law keeps on disturbing me.
She keeps taunting me. Please give everything back to her
She has moved the foundations of this house!
She is giving a different color to everything! She is the one who has planted the seed of doubts
Don't trust me but you all are going to repent the day you see her real face!
Sister in law I am not doing any drama or accusing her, 
I just request you that don't groom your daughter like your own self!
She appears to be innocent but she is a hypocrite! The time will tell I was right
When this house will fall, then you will understand!
What have I done? How would I face Alia now?
I feel suffocated mother. 
Kabir doesn't listen to me now
And Alia sister is so poisonous! She taunts me all the time
Now you tell me what should I do?
I will talk to Kabir to give you your right! 
Don't worry! You are not helpless or an orphan
It is enough what we have done mother! 
You talked to them before as well, but they made many promises but didn't fulfill any!
I feel like a useless thing in that house who has no importance
Mother Kabir has changed. He isn't the same man I married
Don't worry
Everything will be fine, you stop crying
Falak control yourself!
Nothing will be fixed! it feels as if he has become unaware of me completely
He doesn't care about me
Daughter you need to stay put
Greetings
What happened?
She is worried because of Kabir
Falak I have told you a multiple times not to stress out because of Kabir , 
wipe your tears now and eat this dessert
Dessert but what for? Please eat it
Now tell me what is this for?
Come with me, come on!
Okay let's see what it is!
Look at this
Whose car is this Nawal?
It is mine of course!
Oh wow! That's great
How did you get it?
Hamza must have given you
No It is from the company! I had booked it a week before! So it has come now. 
How is it mother?
It is really nice! Many congratulations
I will take you both for a dinner to celebrate this! But first we will go for a drive
Okay
No I will go home, Kabir would be waiting for me!
Hey! I will talk to Kabir myself! Come on he won't stop you
Brother
Yes
What is it? Why are you sitting here alone like this?
Nothing important!
You look tensed brother
I am worried because of the house matters!
 I don't know till how long is it going to go like this!
Brother there are always some differences when you live together. 
Just like that there are some differences between Alia sister and Falak
But I am hopeful that they both will understand each other
Kabir what do you think? Who is wrong?
Brother to be honest I can't comment but a conflict is always two sided. 
Alia sister is wrong in some matters and in some matters it is Falak!
Excuse me brother, it is Hamza's call
Hi Hamza! How are you?
I am fine, how are you?
I am good
I am inviting my friends over for a dinner to celebrate my engagement. 
You surely have to come with your family!
Great I will definitely come!
You will receive an invitation card tomorrow. But I wanted to invite you personally as well
Thank you friend. I will be there
Do bring Falak along! It is friends with family! Okay?
Okay
Okay see you then! Bye
It was Hamza's call. He was inviting over dinner
What were we talking about brother?
Tell me something, the people you have started the business with, who are they?
You are back
Hmm
How are aunt and Nawal?
They are fine. Kabir I want to change the car
How have you thought about changing the car?
I have been driving the same car since I came in this house. 
Are you booking a car for me or should I do it myself?
Falak I am investing in a business, please wait for some time!
What do you mean? You don't have money?
No I do have money, but wait for some time. I will get you
Then say that you don't want to get me a car
Falak what has happened to you? Why do you criticize every time?
Should I not criticize? You never fulfill any of my wish!
 I had so many wishes before marriage and yet Nawal sister never said a no to my wish
And you have nothing to give me. You don't even give me your time,
 you just scold me every time I say something
You don't even take me out! There is nothing in our marriage. 
Since the time I have come in this house, I have been suffering for every little thing. I feel suffocated here!
What's wrong? Won't you come to eat anything?
I am not hungry
I am not feeling well also
What happened to you?
You have no fever then what happened?
What are you feeling?
Alia come sit here
Alia if I apologize
Will you forgive me?
Forgive you for what Tauqeer?
To shut my eyes and ears
That I didn't trust you at all. 
Do you know Alia 
good people have a bad habit, 
they consider everybody as good as themselves
And I had this misunderstanding about Falak also,
 I considered her good as well
Alia please forgive me
What?
Please forgive me
What are you doing Tauqeer?
I don't have the courage to accept my mistake, please Alia
I didn't trust you and cursed you so badly, Alia I am highly embarrassed
Please
Tauqeer! Tauqeer what happened to you?
What is happening to you? Are you okay?
I am feeling so much tightness in my chest! I feel as if I am dying
Tauqeer drink some water
Alia I think I am about to die
Tauqeer! Tauqeer! Whats happening? Kabir! Kabir!
Sister in law, please have courage. Nothing will happen to Tauqeer brother
It has been so long the doctor isn't coming out. 
Kabir please check if he has become conscious or not
Sister please don't worry! I asked the doctor, his treatment is going on. 
He will be fine. Just pray for him
He is absolutely right! Please have some courage. Nothing will happen
How is everything doctor?
Everything is fine and he is out of danger now
Thank God! I told you sister he will be fine
Is he conscious?
No he isn't conscious now but he will. 
It was a minor attack of angina. He needs maximum rest
Yes we will take a great care. Don't worry! Thank you so much
You're most welcome
I told you sister he will be alright. It's a minor attack. Please be patient and don't worry
Please sit down
Kabir what happened to Tauqeer brother? Has he become conscious?
I have seen my brother for the first time in this condition.
 He was getting breathless and I could feel myself dying!
Don't say that! He will be all fine
I am trying but seeing him like this is making me feel quite weak!
How can I take care of the one who took care of me! 
Just pray that he stays healthy
Pray that nothing happens to the hands that rise in prayers for me
Don't talk like this Kabir! He will very soon go with us to our house! Nothing will happen to him
With God's will
Be patient
You must be tired. Yo should go home
You must be tired too
But I can't leave sister in law alone here. There must be someone with her. 
She could need anything
Please you go
I know but I will remain tensed even at home
I know Falak but Hafsa is alone at home, 
somebody should be there to watch her. She would be crying
I'll go if you say so but I really don't want to leave you alone here
Let me meet sister in law
Okay
Aunt I want to go to my parents
She hasn't slept yet?
She is forcing to meet her parents
I want to go to my parents, will you please take me to them?
You can sleep now, I will take you in the morning
But I can't sleep alone. Mother makes me sleep daily
You will sleep with Falak aunt tonight
Let's go aunt
Go to your room
But she said you would make me sleep
Listen to what I have said! Take her to her room and make her sleep! 
And give me my coffee in the room