I swear to God sister, how can I do this on my own?
I took permission from Kabir before doing all that.
But now he is pretending as if he doesn't know anything.
Falak, haven't you lost your mind?
Please keep quiet Kabir. Please keep quiet.
Falak you are not a slave.
You are beautiful by the grace of God and also well educated then why are you doing this slavery of your husband?
Falak if I forbid you to go out alone then it is only because of that I am concerned about you.
She praises Mr. Shirazi more than you.
Talk to her. I don't think that she will resign from her job. She is so stubborn.
I wish, I could see Hamza's face and his expression at this moment.
He must be very angry and furious at the moment.
Sir, Mr. Hamza Hashim wouldn't even imagine that we have bought this land.
Now he wont be able to sleep for months just like I used to be sleepless a few months back.
Get all other tenders as well at any cost.
Yes sir, I understand. You don't have to worry at all.
If we will get all tenders than Hamza Hashim wont be able to stand on his feet.
And I will cause as much damage to Hamza as much he has caused me.
And I will push him towards a dead end slowly and gradually.
Sir, we have suffered a huge loss because of Hamza. All our clients refused to work with us.
As you remember, we had lost all the tenders.
Our company was about to become a defaulter.
I will give that depression back to him which he gave to me.
Sir you should give me credit of bringing miss Nawal in this company. I did a great job.
This company is everything for me.
I will do anything to make this company as number one company of this country even if I have to do anything for that.
Do one thing. Hamza wants to bring a medicine company to Pakistan, talk to them.
We will facilitate them.
We will give them everything whatever then want like land, plant and labor.
Talk to them and try to convince them.
OK sir, as you wish.
What's the matter Hamza? What are you thinking ever since you have come here?
I had to buy a land.
Everything was finalized but at the eleventh hour I got the news that land has bought by your boss Mr. Shirazi.
You knew everything about that. Right?
No, I didn't know about that. When did he bought that land?
You are lying, You are senior manager of that company.
Who else would know about that if you don't know?
You knew that I was about to buy that land and you also knew that Mr. Shirazi will buy the same land.
Why would I lie to you Hamza? What benefit will that give me?
Neither you discussed this matter with me nor Mr. Shirazi.
I was buying that land for medicine company.
But your Mr. Shirazi bought that land by offering handsome amount. Do you know why?
Because he can cause loss to me.
This is just your thought. Mr. Shirazi can be your competitor but he is not that lowly that he spend millions of rupees to cause loss to you.
Stop it, you all the times mention, Mr. Shirazi. I am sick of it.
Nawal you are doing everything which is causing damage to me.
Now my tolerance is getting finished.
Whatever I try to do, Shirazi already knows about that.
But Hamza, it is possible that someone from your company is giving information to Mr. Shirazi and leaking your secrets.
If there is anyone in my company then I will find out. But you
will have to decide by choosing either to resign or my companionship.
Do you want your job or your love? Now, it's your decision.
Hamza, why do you drag my job in every matter? We can discuss our matter without that.
No we can't.
You will have to decide.
We will only get married only one condition and that is if you will resign from you job.
If you wont resign from your job then I wont marry you.
What? What have you just said?
I said, what you just heard.
I don't believe this.
Is this that easy to say or do this?
Will you prefer your ego over our love?
Not me it's you.
You are dragging your ego and stubbornness between our love.
Keep your stubbornness away, our love will be in tact.
And if I wont agree, then?
I have told you about my decision.
Now, you will have to decide Nawal.
Nawal, did Hamza come here? And what was that noise?
Nawal, listen to me.
Nawal.
What happened? At least tell me something.
How will I know if you will keep crying like this? Has Hamza said anything to you?
He said that I will have to resign at any cost before marriage otherwise he will refuse to get married.
He must have said that in anger, Nawal.
Anyone can become emotional because of anger and say such things.
How can he make such a big decision because of such a minor thing?
And then he is enforcing that decision on me and forcing me to accept that decision.
He is doing all of this before marriage then what will he do after marriage?
Falak is right that he is treating me like a puppet who has no will.
OK, don't you worry.
I will talk to Mrs. Sophia. Everything will be alright my child.
OK, stop crying now.
Have a look at this Falak. It's beautiful.
Hmm. Beautiful.
Kabir, I want some money for shopping of sister Nawal's marriage.
Yes I forgot that you have to do shopping.
I know, you didn't remember so I mentioned that.
I am sorry. OK tell me, how much amount do you need?
Give me one million at the moment, I will tell you if I will need anything else.
One million rupees? Isn't one million a huge amount just for shopping?
So what can I get in a hundred thousand rupees?
A good dress is worth at least four to five lacs. And this is my sister's marriage, you know.
If I will wear a good dress then everyone will praise you and say that she is Kabir's wife
but if I will wear an ordinary one then people will taunt you. So it's up to you.
What can I say? It's OK. I will instruct accountant tomorrow to transfer this amount to your account. Thank you.
You are welcome.
What happened Hamza? Is everything alright?
Stop all this. This is very irritating for me.
It's a happy occasion of your marriage my son so all of this will happen.
But still, please stop all this noise.
Hamza, what happened my child?
What happened mama?
His mood is off.
Hamza
I am observing this attitude of yours since last so many days. What's the matter?
I don't want to discuss anything about this with you. Please go from here.
Hamza we are a family. If there is any issue then at least discuss with us.
Look at me and tell if any thing has happened between you and Nawal?
You can't avoid me like that. I am your elder sister and I know you very well.
Earlier you were very passionate about your marriage and taking interest in every activity but today
you have no interest in anything.
Mom, is it possible to delay this marriage for few days?
What? Have you gone mad? Are you crazy?
Hamza what is going on in your mind?
I don't want this marriage to get happened at the moment.
Hamza tell us everything clearly.
Is marriage a children play?
One day we form and relation and next day break that. This doesn't happen.
It's a very serious commitment. Two families are involved with each other.
There are so many people involved in this matter.
What are you thinking and what are you doing?
It's my marriage so why are you forcing me if I don't want to marry?
We are forcing him? The preparations have been made.
What will say to people? What are you saying?
It's our personal matter, you don't have to give explanation to anyone.
Oh my God, mama I think he is not in his senses.
Let's go leave him alone at the moment. I will talk to Nawal she will tell me everything.
Leave him and come with me.
This boy has made me worried.
We took his proposal on his insistence to Mrs. Sultana's house. Nawal had refused to marry him strictly.
We convinced her with so much difficulty.
And now he is saying very calmly to cancel this marriage.
He has gone mad. Is marriage a joke?
All family will make fun of us and taunt us as well.
We will get humiliation. What is he thinking?
Mom, don't you worry. We will go to Nawal's house and talk to her tomorrow.
Until we wont find out the real thing we can't blame only one person.
No, my child, I am sure that Hamza must have done something wrong.
That poor girl is so cute. She talks with so much respect and good manners. She can't be wrong at all.
Do one thing, call Nawal, maybe she tells you something. Let's see what she says?
Mama, it's too late. It's not appropriate to call her at the moment.
We will meet them tomorrow morning. Don't worry and take rest. OK. Let's see.
Hello.
How are you sister Nawal?
I am fine and how about you?
I am fine as well.
I saw Hamza's car yesterday at your house. Did he come to meet you?
Has the conflict get resolved between you two? I am so happy.
What happened? Why are you quiet? Hasn't that conflict ended?
Falak the matter has got more intense.
Oh my God. Didn't you make Hamza understand?
Hamza has clearly said that he wont marry me until I resign.
What are you saying?
Has Hamza said this to you?
Yes.
It's the limit. Hamza is doing injustice to you.
Didn't you try to make him understand?
I have tried my best Falak but he isn't ready to listen and understand anything.
Well, I haven't seen a selfish and egoistic person like Hamza ever.
Do you know sister Nawal all men are alike.
They consider woman like a puppet but you don't have to worry, me and mama are with you.
You are not helpless. Don't worry at all.
Falak I am unable to understand that what should I do?
WHat do you mean by that? If I were in your place then I would straight away refuse to get married.
If you accept one condition then he will force you accept everything in future.
This doesn't happen. It is better to die alone instead of getting married to someone like him.
Anyways, don't worry. I will come tomorrow then we will discuss about it. Bye.
Mr. Shirazi I discussed with me team and we wont be able to offer you more than ten percent at this moment.
Before you we were discussing with Mr. Omer Hayat and we locked the deal with them on ten percent share as well.
Let's double the investment amount.
I am ready to double the investment amount but I need fifteen percent shares.
As I already said, this will not be possible for us.
We have agreed to all other terms and conditions of yours so you accept this condition of ours.
Well, what if I insist, then?
Then I am sorry to say that we wont be able to lock this deal.
Both me and Kabir are interested that you invest with us
but if you can't do that or we can't finalize this deal because of any reason then
we are in discussion with some other parties as well and we will take them on board.
OK, give me some time. Let me discuss with my team as well and then let you know.
Sure, take your time. It's your right to think about it.
Do tell me about the outcome of your discussion with your team. I will be waiting for that.
Thank you so much. Thank you.
My child Hamza told us such a thing which worried us
so we thought to come here and talk to you because we didn't feel appropriate to talk on phone.
Well listen, just tell me correct thing whatever I ask you.
Did Hamza discuss about marriage with you?
Yes.
What is he doing? My child you know him very well.
He doesn't tell us anything but you should tell us about that.
Such ups and downs are part of these relationships as you know.
But it's very important to discuss and communicate.
If we don't discuss with each other then difference are created and matter get more intense. Are you getting my point? Aren't you?
Listen Nawal, tell us about the issue so that we know about that problem. Let me tell you.
Hamza is insisting Nawal to resign from her job before marriage.
What?
And he is so intense in his ego that he has threatened her that he wont marry her.
Tell me is this attitude appropriate in well educated and well mannered families?
No, not at all. We all are very worried.
The matter is so intense but both of us didn't even tell us anything.
Aunt, actually the matter is not so big but Hamza is just misunderstanding the situation.
Listen Nawal, if Hamza is insisting you to resign then do that.
Because you don't need to continue your job after marriage.
Sister you are not understanding the situation, Hamza has an issue with my boss Mr. Shirzi.
He feels that Mr. Shirazi is using me against him and I am supporting Mr. Shirazi.
There was a deal with Hamdani and Co. which Hamza didn't get and he feels that he didn't get that because of me.
He says that I am causing loss to him. Do you think aunt that I will ever think bad about Hamza?
No, my child you are not like that at all.
He is definitely misunderstanding the situation. So please remove this misunderstanding.
Now look, if he is forcing her so much before marriage then what will he do after marriage with her?
No, my Hamza is not like that he loves Nawal so much and he will take good care of her.
It's just because of a worry so because of that..
What's that worry?
Husband and wife don't force each other to act according to their wishes.
They move together in life.
But Hamza, compromising is another thing, he is pressurizing Nawal
and threatening her that he wont marry her. Is this appropriate?
Tell me, at this moment when all preparations have been made and everyone knows about the function.
He is talking about canceling the marriage.
Both families will face so much humiliation. People will taunt us and what will we do?
No, don't you worry that much. I don't know what are you thinking?
That wont happen, I will make him understand and scold him.
We are still alive. I apologize to you on his behalf.
There will be nothing like that. Just get relax my child.
I have got an offer for an advertisement. The shoot is next week in Dubai.
What?
Have you gone mad?
I will have to admit your talent. It's your first shoot and that too in Dubai.
You are my lucky charm. I am nothing without you.
So sweet, thank you Falak.
By the way, you are very down to earth Falak. I have given break to so many girls.
But there mind goes to seventh sky as soon as they sign their first commercial.
Yes, some people are thankless and they don't remember others' favor.
But trust me, I am not like them.
OK, take it
What's this?
This is your first commercial's payment in advance.
Cheque of one million and that too for one commercial only. Are you joking?
Yes, this is one commercial's payment and that is for two days.
I have arranged this advance for you only.
My God, cheque of one million. I don't believe it. My first cheque, thank you so much Maria.
So believe it.
This is just a beginning. Let's see what is ahead.
Your flight is next week, get ready to fly. You have to touch the sky.
Yes, but tickets, flight and hotel, how will all be arranged?
Don't worry about that.
This is the responsibility of traveling agency. That will handle everything.
Take coffee, it's getting cold.
I didn't remember because of excitement.
I am feeling really sad Hamza that you are mistreating such a nice girl like that
and pressurizing her to quit her job.
How could you do this? How could you do this? You were not like that.
You are sensible and broad minded.
Yes I am doing this because I feel that she is doing wrong.
Her boss is using her against me.
There is no such thing Hamza, Nawal has told us everything. You have a misunderstanding.
Shirazi didn't get a single contract since last one year and I was getting all contracts.
So what has happened suddenly that he is getting all contracts? 
They have intentionally offered this job to Nawal.
Because he knows that he needs an insider to ruin me 
and Nawal is an easy target for him to capitalize because Nawal knows inside details of our business.
If we agree with you for a moment Hamza then how many other employees in the company along with Nawal
who leave your company and they know the inside details as well so why don't you stop them?
Accept it Hamza, we can't bound anyone like this.
Everyone has his own will so why are you forcing your will on Nawal?
I don't like her to do job there. Why don't both of you understand this at all?
Hamza, my child, she is not a puppet.
She is a living human being. She has some dreams and wishes
and she has worked really hard to get to this point.
Try to make her understand with love, she will understand.
Mama is right Hamza.
If you handle woman with love and care then she will accept everything you say.
But if you forcefully want her to agree with you then she will break. 
I tried to make her understand but she didn't understand.
And what's wrong if I showed some strictness to her? I am her future husband. 
It's my duty to advise her if she will take any wrong step.
Hamza, my son, there is a way to advise someone, as you are discussing with us to stop this marriage, 
have you discussed with her or not? We got so much embarrassment in front of Mrs. Sultana that I can't tell you.
This is not the way, you are not married yet and this is your behavior? 
If you wont change your ways of life then it will cause damage to you. You have to change your ways.
I can't bear that Nawal do job in any other company and this is my final decision. 
You can say this calmly as well.
OK then, you make her understand. I don't have that much patience.
I can't spoon feed her like children. Our marriage will be done only on one condition 
when she will resign from this job and this is my final decision.
Hamza don't be so stubborn.
Nazish what do we do with him? Relationships don't form like that.
Kabir
I want to discuss something with you.
Yes what's up?
I have got an offer of an advertisement and we have a shoot next week in Dubai. 
What?
Have you gone mad?
Falak, you wont do anything like that.
 I have forgotten everything which has happened earlier so just leave all this.
Kabir, I have got this chance with so much difficulty. 
And it's just a matter of a couple of days, what difference does it make?
 It's not a matter of couple of days.
I don't like you to work in this field so you wont go there.
You want to go to Dubai for two days and that too for a shoot and alone. 
Not at all Falak I wont allow you at all for this.
OK then, you go with me.
Have you gone mad? 
Please Kabir, I will do that advertisement and we will get the opportunity to spend time together. We will enjoy there please.
I don't have any such intention at the moment.
And you wont go as well. Have you seen your condition? 
Traveling is not good in this condition for you.
Where are your promises? You promised me before marriage that we will go on world tour together. 
Where are your promises? I think you haven't remembered anything. 
Falak I have remembered everything.
I have remembered everything. 
You know about business condition. You know what is going on.
If I leave everything and go for outing in such condition then people will consider me a fool.
OK fine, I understand that you are concerned about business but 
you can allow me to go. Right?
 Falak please.
I said that you wont go then you wont go. 
And we wont discuss this topic again.
Kabir
Nawal
When sister Sophia has said that you don't have to worry then why are you getting worried?
She will talk to Hamza herself. 
I know Hamza very well. He is so stubborn. He wont leave anything undone.
Then it's up to you my child. It's a matter of your whole life. 
Decide whatever you feel good for yourself.
But think about it thoroughly so that you don't have to regret on anything.
I feel that our deal will be finalized within this week with Mr. Shirazi.
If that happens then our financial condition will get much better.
Have they agreed on our terms and conditions sister?
 Yes.
I have told him that we can only offer them ten percent share at the moment 
since we have made Hamza share holder with ten percent shares.
And we can offer him a maximum of ten percent shares. 
He said that he will tell me after discussing with his team.
I am sure that he will call me within a day or two. 
Prepare all documents so that we can take signatures as soon as he gets agreed.
By the way, if Mr. Shirazi accepts our proposal then it will be very good for us
 and all rumors against us in the market will die on their own.
After all Mr. Shirazi has a big name in business community.
Yes you are absolutely right.
Well, I have to go Islamabad for two days on day after tomorrow 
so Kabir take care of business in my absence and Falak you will have to take care of home.
Don't worry sister, I will manage everything. 
Islamabad?
Is everything alright? 
Yes, I have to go there for business matters. Actually two branches are going to open there so I will have to go there to look after work progress.
OK
I don't like you to work in this field. 
I said that you wont go then you wont go. And we wont discuss this topic again.
Falak, you are not taking your tea, it will get cold. Enjoy your tea.
I am taking it. I was listening your discussion. Tea is very delicious.
It's my career and I have made it with so much difficulty. 
You can't force to give resign.
I have worked really hard to achieve this point and I wont waste this opportunity because of any misunderstanding.
You are right. She should agree with you. 
She is about to become a wife of such a famous businessman so what's the point in doing job for few thousands, 
but she became angry and said to me that I should mind my own business.
You are getting jealous from my success. 
You are feeling bad only because we are getting this contract instead of you.
You will have to decide. What will you choose job or your love?
It's your decision.
We will only get married on one condition and that is when you resign from your job.
You didn't allow me but no one asked from sister Aliya. 
She is going alone as well so forbid her as well.
Sister Aliya is going on a business trip and she often goes there.
And for you kind information she is not going alone. Her whole team is with her. 
I wasn't going alone as well Kabir. Maria and her team was going with me. Kabir it's just a matter of couple of days.
Falak why are you insisting on thing again and again? 
Why? I said once that you wont go so you wont go. That's it.
And you condition is not appropriate to travel and I can't allow you to travel.
What's wrong with my condition. Nothing has happened to me. I am absolutely fine.
 Falak why don't you understand? Why are you insisting again and again?
Because I also want to do something and it's matter of my career.
Argument is not beneficial Falak.
Aunt called me and asked me to send you there for few days. 
Go there tomorrow and come back next morning.
Sister, mama.
Hey Falak.
How are you mama?
 I am fine. My child is here.
How are you?
 I am fine. How about you? I am fine. Sit.
Put here.
Hey, so many bags? Is everything alright. 
Yes I have done so much shopping for you.
Bring coffee for me.
Sister Nawal, look at this.
Look at this. Is this cute? Isn't it? Touch it. Isn't mama?
And look at this mama.
This one is for you. 
Falak why did you spend so much money. I have already so many dresses.
Why wouldn't I do that? It's my sister's wedding so it's my duty to do something for her. 
Nawal is absolutely right.
You did so much shopping, why did you put so much burden on yourself? 
Don't you worry at all. I didn't do this from Kabir's money. I did it with my own money. Actually I got my first cheque.
So I thought that my mom and my sister has first right on my first cheque. 
First cheque?
Yes, I did modeling so I got that cheque.
Really, I felt that you just did that casually but I didn't have an idea that you want to do that professionally. 
I did that casually but the response was so good that there is no harm in making that a profession.
And what about Kabir?
I have talked to him. He has no issue with it.
Well, it's really good. If he has no objection then what is better than this? 
I am so happy for you Falak.
Do you know, I got such a huge amount cheque of one million rupees. I didn't believe that I have got all that amount. 
By the way sister used to give me gifts from her salary.
So I thought to give gift to sister from my first salary.
 No problem I am your sister.
Even then.
So, today's dinner is on me as well. We will go out for dinner. 
No, no, you have already spent so much amount so don't spend anymore.
It will happen, why wont it happen?
 Nawal, Falak is insisting so much and she is so happy so let's celebrate that 
and we haven't gone out for so many days so let's go.
OK take your coffee then we will go. 
Have a look at all of these things. 
Falak you have bought so much.
Did you call me sir?
Yes, sit.
This tender file belongs to Hamdani group's tender.
And this is Shirazi group's tender file. 
Look carefully at their quotation.
It's a bit less than our quotation.
Do you know what does this mean? 
No sir.
It means that someone is leaking our information in this office.
Someone has told them about our tender price. 
Whoever he is. I want that person. 
Do you understand?
Yes sir. 
This matter is confidential. 
It should be remain between you and me only.