You left her here yourself and you said that you don't have any connection with Elham.
You gave me legal document about that.
My house is ruined by none other than my own sister.
I am going through so much pain.
Now I am hundred percent sure that sister Nawal must have provoked Kabir against me.
You shouldn't compromise on your self respect.
How did he call you a cheater.
Kabir, is she your ex-wife Falak? Right?
You don't have to worry. Just wait a bit.
Let me arrange a nice flat for you so that you can shift there.
What difference will that make?
Will that erase my pain?
I have endured more pain because of trusting someone than you.
Both of us are on same page in this matter.
We have been effected by one person.
Yes you are right.
Our fates are alike.
And also our destinies are connected as well.
We have been deceived by those people whom we loved most.
Falak, tell me the truth whether you called Hamza or not?
What happened to you sister? I already told you that I was in lawn with Elham. You can ask from maid about that.
Greetings Kabir.
Greetings. How are you?
I am fine. How are you and how is Elham?
She is also fine. Nawal, I want to discuss something with you.
Yes what's up?
I have seen Hamza and Falak together in restaurant today.
Nawal, no matter whether you believe me or not but after seeing both of them together today,
I am certain that Falak called Hamza that night. No one can do that except her.
OK, I admit that Falak called him
but what will she get by doing so?
What will she get by misguiding Hamza about me?
I don't know.
But I know for sure that whatever is happening, Falak is behind that.
Hey mom, don't worry. Just do what I am asking you to do.
God willing everything will be alright.
But Hamza is not ready to get convinced. He doesn't want to take Nawal's name.
He will be convinced mom. I will talk to him tomorrow.
The misunderstandings between Hamza and Nawal will only remove when they will meet one on one.
Did you talk to Nawal?
No, at first I thought to call her
but then I didn't call her. I think I should talk to Hamza first and convince him first.
Nawal will be convinced. She only has problem with Hamza's behavior.
But if they meet one on one with each other then everything will be alright. Trust me.
If you succeed in your effort then that will be great. God willing mom.
Do you know my child, if both of them get convince once then we wont delay at all.
Not at all mom. I am so excited.
Sister, didn't you go to sleep yet?
I was unable to sleep.
Why? Are you feeling alright?
I am fine but I think you are not feeling well.
Have you seen the time? From where are you coming at this time?
I got late in office.
I tried so much to leave early but I got late. You know about office matters.
You are doing job? But you didn't tell me about that?
I already told you that I have started job in Hamza's office.
O God Hamza has given me so many responsibilities as soon as I joined the office.
Falak, have you joined Hamza's office?
I already told you about that.
When? When did you tell me?
Really? Didn't I tell you?
I must forgot that.
Anyways, Hamza offered me the job so I accepted his offer.
I thought what's the use of sitting at home idly, so I should do a job
Falak how can you join Hamza's office despite you know that my engagement with Hamza has been broken?
Yes, I know but what is the connection of my job with your break up?
It is connected for sure. Why not!
Hamza has put such lowly and false accusations on me Falak.
Despite that are you really doing job in his office who has raised questions on your sister's character?
Sister, please don't involve me in your personal matters.
I have already been involved so much.
I tried to make you understand that don't do job in Kabir's office and stay away from him
but you didn't listen to me because you didn't want to listen.
What are you talking about Falak?
I am right sister, if you can work in Kabir's company then why can't I work in Hamza's company?
Kabir is my ex-husband and Hamza is your ex-fiance, so the matter is same on both sides.
And by the way, if I am doing job in Hamza's company after your breakup then you shouldn't get bothered because of that.
I was so tired and you started this argument. Let me get fresh.
Greetings.
Where is fresh juice which I asked you to make?
Let me bring that.
And did you buy bran bread?
I forgot that. I will buy that today.
You don't do anything properly.
Now check if there is someone outside so ask him to bring that and also boil eggs for me.
OK, let me bring that.
Wow, your way of life has changed altogether.
Are you feeling happy about it?
I am seeing everything and understanding as well.
You are going to office in this getup?
Yes
Do you think that whatever you are doing is right?
What have I done?
For whom you are dressed up and going to office like this?
What do you want to say?
You know it very well that what I want to say.
It's none of your business that for whom I am dressed up and you shouldn't get worried about me.
Stay away from me.
I have brought Falak here. She wanted to meet Elham.
It's fine. Then go and bring her. Go.
Falak is not in lawn
You would found her if she was here Nawal.
Aunt Sophia will come in a day or two to force you to get convince to get married.
No matter how much she forces you, don't get convinced.
It's none of your business that for whom I am dressed up and you shouldn't get worried about me.
Stay away from me.
Hello Nawal, how are you?
I am fine. How are you?
I am find as well. Aren't you committed somewhere else in the afternoon today?
No I am not. Do you want something from me?
No but I was planning a lunch and I will be delighted if you will attend that.
Sister, it's difficult.
Please don't mind but I wont be able to come.
Listen Nawal, I know that you are hurt because of Hamza's behavior.
Me and mom are also very worried and there is a lot of tension going on in our house.
I want to talk to you about that matter.
I want to end this tension and may everything be alright.
Sister, everything has been finished.
There is nothing left to be discussed or getting fixed.
Please don't call me.
Nawal please, I am your elder sister. Wont you listen to me?
OK fine, if you are insisting then I will come.
Thank you Nawal.
I was sure that you wont avoid me. See you at lunch.
Good bye.
I didn't have any idea that she hates you that much.
As soon as she knew that I have got job in your office,
she asked me to resign from this job.
She blackmailed me emotionally and taunted me so much.
She said that she will never see my face ever again. She wants me to resign from this job.
Listen to me Falak, don't take any kind of pressure. I am with you. Right?
What do I do Hamza?
She owns that house and she knows very well that I don't have money so where will I go and what will I do?
She wants me to go away from you in any case.
She doesn't want to see your face. She hates you so much.
I don't care about her as well.
I hate her so much that I don't want to even listen her name.
What happened Hamza?
Why are you getting worried?
Please leave all this. I don't know why we are taking so much stress of their words?
We need some time. Let's have lunch at some good restaurant.
Just a second. Sister is calling me.
Hello.
Where are you?
I am in office, where can I be at this time sister?
Come to home immediately. I have some important work.
But I can't come right now. I have to do work in office.
No, come home immediately. I have to go somewhere with you for a very important work.
OK, I am coming.
Right.
Sorry Falak, we can't go out for lunch.
Actually, sister has to discuss something important with me.
No problem.
I will have to go.
You don't worry. Bye.
Hamza.
Yes sister, why have you asked me to come?
Let's go with me to meet Nawal.
Listen Hamza, I want you and Nawal to sit together and remove all misunderstandings between you.
Who has told you that I have any misunderstanding?
And you shouldn't have called me like this.
I was in an important meeting and if you told me earlier then I would never come here.
You don't have any misunderstanding?
Let me talk to her.
Take the phone and talk to her.
I don't want to talk to her.
I hate her and I don't want to see her face as well.
Take it.
Hamza.
I don't want to talk to her.
I hate her and I don't want to see her face as well.
I invited Nawal with so much love and she came here on my invitation.
I don't believe that Hamza behaved so rudely.
He has lost his mind nothing else.
I am feeling so embarrassed.
Hamza has no idea right now that he is making a big mistake by doing this to Nawal.
He wont be able to find a girl like Nawal again mom.
This boy is getting out of control day by day.
I don't know what is he thinking?
We arranged his engagement because of his stubbornness. Nawal was not convinced.
We have fixed their marriage with great difficulty
and that decision was made among the elders of both families.
Now he wants to break this relation. Not at all.
I can't do this injustice to that girl. I promised to Sultana that I wont leave Nawal alone.
No, no, no, I can't do this cruelty. I will definitely get this marriage done.
I am going to talk to her today. I wont leave Nawal alone.
She is a very nice girl.
I told you that your family wont believe you.
No one can believe after seeing sister Nawal because she pretends to be so pious.
Only both of us know about her reality.
And she is so clever.
As soon as she realized that you are getting out of her hands then she got aunt and sister's sympathies.
She must have been inciting them.
That's why they are against you and don't want to listen to you.
You are right.
Mom and sister don't believe me. They think that I am wrong.
They wont let you marry to someone else so it would be better to agree with them.
Not at all. I wont marry Nawal.
Let me tell you one thing Hamza, you deserve a girl who understands you
and stays with you and understands you.
Hello.
Hamza I have told everything about the mess you have created today.
And she is very angry right now and she is going to fix the date of your marriage right now.
So stop her. Ask her that we will discuss in the evening when I will come home.
Why do I stop her?
Someone has to rectify your wrong doings. Right?
Listen to me.
No one cares about you. They don't want to listen to you.
In my opinion you should agree with them, just sake of peace of your mind.
Let's go Falak.
Where?
I will tell you. Let's go.
In my opinion a person should marry to someone whom with he has understanding.
So do you think that you have understanding with Falak?
With whom you have come?
Are you spying on me?
Where is he? He knows that we are getting late.
I don't know mom.
She?
Greetings aunt.
Falak? What is she doing here?
I have brought her here.
OK, let's go.
I am not going with you.
Listen Hamza, still nothing has spoiled.
Everything can be fixed if you show some flexibility then me and mom will talk to Nawal and will convince her.
I am unable to understand that
why do you force me for same thing again and again?
I told you that I wont marry to Nawal that's it.
If you don't want to marry Nawal then with whom will you get married?
with Falak.
I want to get married to Falak.
What are you talking about Hamza? Haven't you lost your mind?
I am absolutely right.
Why have you made this decision?
I have made this decision very thoughtfully.
Me and Nawal have no understanding at all.
I think something else and she thinks something else.
So in my opinion a person should get married to someone with whom he has understanding.
Do you think that there is understanding between you and Falak?
Yes, off course, I think that way.
I know Falak very well and she knows me as well.
In fact she understands me very well so what else I need.
That's why I have decided that
Falak is the best choice for my life partner.
Whatever you decide but I don't accept this proposal.
Drop her at her house immediately.
Why?
What's wrong with her?
What's wrong with her? You are asking me? Don't you know about that?
What did she do with Kabir and his family, don't you know about that?
She has humiliated that family by doing press conferences everywhere.
And what has she done with Aliya? Poor Aliya.
She has falsely accused her so much that she has fallen ill.
And the most important thing is that Hamza that you are my only son and a bachelor as well.
And you want me to accept that you are going to marry a divorced woman.
Impossible. This is not possible. I will never accept it.
But mom, all of that is a lie.
She didn't do injustice to anyone.
Rather she has faced the cruelty and injustice.
Why do you believe on sister Aliya's words?
You should sympathize with her but you are accusing her.
Because it's her fault.
But you can't see that. I know Aliya very well. She can't be cruel to anyone. 
What are you talking about?
This girl is lying to you.
You will get married to Nawal and this is my final decision. That's it.
So listen to my final decision as well.
I wont marry Nawal. 
If I will get married to someone then it will be only Falak.
Hamza, Hamza listen to me.
Falak, I am sorry for whatever mom has said.
Will my humiliation get removed from your apology?
I swear that I didn't have any idea that mom will behave like this.
I am really very embarrassed.
You don't have any idea Hamza that how much I am hurt because of aunt's words.
I feel as if someone has cut me into pieces.
I said, I am sorry. Please.
She was so angry that's why she said that otherwise she wouldn't have said that.
Yes, I know that.
You have brought me to a diversion. I am unable to understand anything Hamza.
You made such a big decision alone. You didn't even ask me once.
And I didn't even know that what is going on in your mind and heart.
You are right.
I made a very big mistake.
I should have asked you before talking to mom.
Anyways.
So tell me now.
Will you marry me?
Hamza, I can't make any decision instantly.
And whatever has just happened after that not at all.
I need some time. I want to think about this.
OK.
Think about it.
You have the complete authority to accept or reject.
I will accept whatever you will decide.
Let me drop you at your home.
Doctor, what has happened to mom suddenly? Isn't there anything to worry?
There is nothing to worry at all but her blood pressure is excessively on higher side.
I have injected her and she will get normal in a while but keep one thing in mind.
There should be no spices in her diet.
And please try not to discuss any thing in front of her which give her tension.
Yes I understand.
Please bring these medicines.
Give her these medicines for one week. She will recover God willing.
I will bring these medicines. Thank you so much.
Mom. Mom.
How can my son make such a big decision without my permission?
Mom why are you so worried?
He has only made the decision. His decision can be changed. Right?
And anyways he has no emotional attachment with Falak.
This is his temporary and emotional decision and he is only doing this because of Nawal's opposition.
When both of us will make him understand then he will be convinced. Right?
And you will see that he will admit that he was wrong.
I want to talk to him. Call him and let me talk to him.
I called him, he is out somewhere.
He will come shortly. Please take rest. 
Mom please don't worry. Everything will be alright.
Thanks for dropping me at home.
Falak.
Whatever decision you take. Keep one thing in your mind
 that I want to marry you with the bottom of my heart.
You said it so easily that you want to marry me with the bottom of your heart.
I will have to think about it. After all sister Nawal is my sister.
I don't know what will be her reaction. 
But I know that whatever her reaction will be that will be a very severe reaction.
 but you say that we shouldn't take care of those who don't care about us.
And both your mother and sister don't want us to get married.
I will convince them. Don't worry about them.
Good bye.
With whom have you come?
Are you spying on me?
Listen sister, I told you in the morning and I am telling you again 
that don't interfere in my personal matters.
And mind your own business.
 Urooj bring coffee for me.
Hamza.
Where were you?
Do you have any idea that mom's health was deteriorated so much?
What?
So why didn't you tell me? You should have called me.
Check your mobile, I called you so many times but neither you received my call nor called me back.
Sorry, I couldn't check my phone.
How is she feeling now?
She is in her room. She is feeling better now and sleeping at the moment.
Hamza, what happened to you? What's wrong with you?
The tone in which you were talking today, 
you misbehaved so much with mom because of that girl Falak. I don't believe it. What are you thinking?
Please make mom understand to agree with me.
Why don't you understand Hamza? Falak is not a good girl.
Whatever we have heard about her in our society those can't be wrong.
That must be true. 
The way Falak took divorce, she left her daughter. She is her mother.
How can she be sincere with you if she is not sincere with her daughter?
You as well. You believe on these false stories as well. 
What do you think that I am a fool? I can't see anything.
Anger makes man blind.
He can't differentiate between right and wrong. 
Nawal is a million times better than Falak.
She takes care of everyone and she loves everyone.
Nawal has cheated on me.
She was having an affair with Kabir behind my back.
This is a lie.
I know very well that Nawal is not that type of girl.
And whoever has put this in your mind, he/she wants to create misunderstandings between you and Nawal.
I have seen with my own eyes.
And that can't be false.
It can be.
If you are blind folded with misunderstandings then you will consider everything false thing right.
Now this argument is not useful.
I have decided. 
Nothing can happen now
If you don't want to marry to Nawal then with whom you want to get married?
with Falak.
I have made this decision very thoughtfully. 
There is no understanding between me and Nawal. I think something else and she think something else.
And a person should marry someone with whom he has understanding.
I should have asked you before talking to mom. So tell me now.
Will you marry me?
Finally, that is going to happen what I wanted.
I am about to get the biggest happiness of my life. Hamza.
He will become mine.
Whatever decision you make, keep one thing in your mind.
That I want to marry you with bottom of my heart.
Do you want me to accept that you are going to marry a divorced woman. 
Impossible. This is not possible.
I will take revenge of each and everything. I will not forget.
Let me marry to Hamza then you will see what will I do to you.
Elham.
What happened Elham? Didn't you get hurt? My baby.
 Noor.
Noor.
Where did you go after leaving her?
I went to make her feeder.
There was no need to leave her alone. She fell down.
I didn't have idea that baby will fall down otherwise I wouldn't go.
Give me.
Drink milk. Drink milk.
Don't leave her alone in room ever again otherwise I will treat very badly.
Yes, I will take care of that.
You should do that because it's your duty.
And if you are unable to do your job then tell me so that I will hire someone else.
Don't worry, I will be careful next time.
Prepare her baby bag.
From now on I will take her to office with me.
I wont get worried if she will be in front of me.
OK, let me do that.
Will you help dad in his office work? Hmm?
Will you help me in office or bother me by crying?
Thank you my child.
How are you feeling now?
Nazish, tell your brother that I don't want to talk to him so go from here.
Mom please, why are you so stubborn? Don't you want to see me happy?
I am not stubborn rather you are showing stubbornness. 
Which mother don't like her son's happiness?
I want to see you happy that's why I am telling you that Nawal is a very good girl.
So you think that my happiness is to get married to Falak.
Will you marry to such a girl. 
What has she done to her own sister?
Such girl can't be loyal to anyone.
They brought her up, fed her well and gave her everything.
But she did this in response to their kindness and good deeds?
Such an oblivious girl can never become my daughter-in-law.