Nazish please, don't go. This house is as much yours as its mine.
Had this been my house, she wouldn't have taunted me so much.
Hamza..
You have brought a big problem and made it sit on our heads.
We cannot do anything else except regretting our mistakes.
By the way, why do you take what she says seriously?
She's a stupid and emotional girl. She doesn't have any sense.
That's what I'm told her a thousand times. She shouldn't value what Falak says
but she isn't listening to me Hamza. She wants to go back.
I will not listen to you. That girl taunted me so much
and she misbehaved with me in front of Hamza.
She apologized in front of me as well.
Apologize? Whats the use of such an apology? I've been so hurt with what she said.
I promise, she will never misbehave with you.
And if she does, I'll let her go.
Hamza your emotional talks cannot stop me, its very late.
I have taken my decision and I'll not change my decision now.
What happened? Why are you looking at me like that?
I'm watching how people can change so fast.
What do you mean? What are you trying to say?
I heard what you said.
Tell me the truth Hamza, do you think marrying me was a mistake?
Were you listening to our talk?
I coincidentally walked by and heard you.
You talked about letting me go so easily and that whatever I say shouldn't be valued?
And also that I'm a stupid, emotional girl.
Do you really think this about me?
Isn't it so?
Its because of you that Nazish has decided to leave this house.
How many times did I tell you not to argue with me but you didn't listen to me.
Even after mom and I tried explaining it to her, she isn't listening and she's leaving.
Do you know how much loss will I incur if she leaves?
But its no use explaining it to you because you'll not understand.
If you had even a little bit of sense, you'd have listened to me.
She decided to leave herself and the mistake I made, I apologized for it in front of everyone.
But still if you want I'll go and beg her and try to make her stop.
There's no need for it nor it will be of any use.
Because she will not change her decision.
You have brought a big problem and made us sit on our heads.
Had this house been mine, she wouldn't have taunted me.
We cannot do anything except regret a few mistakes.
By the way, you don't have to take anything she says seriously.
She's a stupid and emotional girl. She has no sense at all.
I promise that she'll never misbehave with you again and if she does that, I'll let her go.
This confidence that you have, I'll snatch it from you.
You'll never be able to complete this project.
I will bother you so much that you'll be forced to let this project go.
I'll take away whatever leftover respect that you have.
Falak has sent us a court notice for Ilham's custody.
She has alleged that I have remarried,
that's why her step mother, you, cannot look after her.
This is why she's asking for her custody back.
Whatever happens, I will not let Ilham back to Falak. Okay?
Nazish called, a little while ago, she has reached Canada safely.
But Hamza she's very upset because of Falak.
Mom, leave this topic. Let it go.
Nawal is calling.. Why is she calling me?
Answer. See what she says.
Hello? Yes Nawal tell me. Why did you call?
I want to talk to Falak and Hamza.
Then call them, why are you calling me?
Because I want you to know what they're doing. That's why I want to talk in your presence.
Here, Falak is here, talk to her.
Please put me on speaker.
Wait, I'll turn on the speaker.
Nawal wants to talk to you.
How dare you call here?
You think you can do and get whatever you want?
You're mistaken. Don't think I'm the same Nawal.
What is it Nawal? Why are you so angry?
Your daughter in law has sent me a notice.
What?
Notice?
Yes, for Ilham's custody.
You're doing wrong.
What are we doing wrong? Ilham is my daughter and I want to keep her with me. You cannot stop me.
Daughter? What daughter?
The same that you left all alone in the hospital like an orphan or the daughter
you've never looked back upon ever since you got married for the second time.
What do you want to prove by all this?
That you've only given birth to her. I'm bringing her up like her mother. You left her crying.
How dare you claim a right on her?
How dare you claim a right to her?
Nawal, no matter what you do. You'll always be her step mother, not her birth mother.
And that's why my daughter will live me with me, nobody can stop her now.
You'll fall on your faces. If you think I'll give you Ilham so easily, you're mistaken.
You cannot do anything Nawal. Court will decide.
Its better to prepare for the case rather than venting out on us.
You are a cheap and small man who will go to any lengths for his gain.
Shut up. We'll talk in the court. Put the phone down.
What nonsense is this?!
Who allowed you to file a custody case and bring your daughter in this house?
Mom, please don't start now.
Wait Hamza. Let me answer her.
You always taunt me that I left my daughter there and that I'm not a good mother.
Now I'm doing the right thing. I'm bringing my daughter to me, why are you objecting to this now?
Because I have tolerated you with so much difficulty.
Now I'll have to tolerate your daughter as well.
Hamza, finish this chapter right here.
Mom its her right. She is her mother. Its her right to keep her daughter with her.
You are now testing my patience. Her daughter will not come in this house. She'll not!
Mom, I have thought this through before deciding. I'll not back out.
Alright then, I'll go to my daughter in Canada.
You keep her and her daughter here and be happy.
Because I will not tolerate it any further.
What is this? What are you saying?
What is all this?
Falak..
Falak please look at her. She's crying.
Look at her yourself. She's your child as well, not only mine.
Falak whats wrong with you? I have to go to the office. I have to wake up early.. Come on..
I go to work too.
Falak she's hungry.
Kabeer look at it yourself.
I couldn't say no, there was no reason to say no. I'm getting fame and money.
Falak who'll take care of Ilham?
The maid is there. She'll take care of her.
Before you take Ilham, give me my alimony and then you can take your daughter.
Why are you sitting all alone?
Why are you worried? If God wills, everything will be alright.
Our daughter is a link to keep us together.
We're a family because of her.
If God wills, this will always be.
Do you know Nawal,
your support is the biggest encouragement for me?
Its the same for me as well.
We'll figure it out.
As God wills.
What will we do now, Hamza? Don't tell me we'll take the case back?
Don't worry. We will not take the case back.
I'll handle mom.. Don't worry.
Thank God, He saved me.
You know my mom always said that matches are made in heaven.
A person always gets a life partner like himself.
Daughter? What daughter? The one you left like an orphan in the hospital or the one,
that you forgot about once you married again.
You only gave birth to her.
I'm bringing her up like a mother. You left her crying. How dare you claim a right to her now?!
You're doing wrong. You'll fall on your face.
If you think I'll give you Ilham so easily, you're mistaken.
Whatever I was afraid of, happened. Falak didn't accept that she signed it willingly.
So what will we do ahead?
Don't worry. The case will go on. We'll see what happens next.
The allegations that Falak filed, there's no proof.
We might need the witnesses again. The court needs proofs.
Saying things verbally don't make a claim.
Didn't I ask you Mr. Kabeer that we should be adding a few things as well. It'll make our case strong.
No.
We will play it clearly. We will not falsely accuse anyone to win the case.
You should see. Our case could be stronger.
Didn't I tell you? We're not doing this. Just talk about the facts.
As God wills.
Alright. I'll need a few documents in the next hearing. You'll have to arrange them. Come.
I'll come..
Alright sir, I'll see you in the evening. We'll talk in detail.
Alright. Bye.
You go ahead in the car, I'll come.
You?
Yes. I saw you standing alone so I came to you.
What happened? You look worried.
Are you tired?
Its best if you leave.
Oh..
So much anger? Keep some of your anger safe.
It'll come handy in the future. Its just the beginning.
A lot will happen in the future. Didn't I tell you, I'll bother you a lot.
I'll make you pine.
You're doing very wrong.
Am I wrong?
Yes.
I want to see both of you broken and defeated.
And I'll do whatever I need to do for that.
As they say, everything is fair in love and war.
I want to see defeat and hopelessness on your face.
Yes I am hopeless Hamza. After I saw your real face.
I don't believe I wasted so many years loving a man like you.
I curse myself. I feel nauseated by myself.
I will make you fall on your face.
Do whatever you want to do.
You'll not win the battle because your intentions are not honest.
And where there is dishonesty, God takes away all the bounties from there.
Everything will backfire on you.
Remember my words.
We'll see. Its just the beginning.
Its just the beginning. A lot remains to happen.
Didn't I tell you, I'll bother you very much.
I'll make you pine.
I want to see you both defeated and broken.
And I'll do whatever I can for that. As they say..
everything is fair in love and war.
I want to see helplessness and hopelessness on your face. I'll go to any lengths for that.
What are you thinking, Nawal?
Nothing. I'm just worried.
I don't think Hamza has good intentions.
What do you feel? What more could he do?
He is wired up because he didn't get the tender and such a man can hurt anyone.
You go in and out. Take care, God forbid if something..
Nawal.. He will not hurt anyone except himself and Falak. Nothing will happen to me.
As it is, I have you and your prayers with me. Just relax.
Nothing will happen.
But still.. please be careful.
What?! What do you want to say?
We have very few chances of winning the case.
We couldn't prove anything in today's hearing.
Neither the allegations on Kabeer nor the fact that he cannot take care of his daughter.
Why didn't you tell me Ms. Falak handed over Ilham's custody in exchange for money?
See Mr. Hamza, I want to tell you clearly, we have nothing in our case. Please listen to me.
You won't lose this case at any cost.
I want to win this case at all costs.
We can win the case but..
But what..
But we'll have to prove something in the court that'll tell that,
Kabeer is an irresponsible man and he cannot take care of his daughter.
I don't understand. Tell me clearly.
If you want to win the case, we need a solid reason.
Like what?
If you want the decision in your favor, we need his weakness.
A weak point we can play on.
Ilham..
Nawal.. What happened?
I had a nightmare.
Someone was snatching Ilham from us and she was screaming in pain.
It was just a nightmare. Nobody can take Ilham away from us. If Ilham sees this, she'll be worried.
Kabeer, doesn't she pity this innocent soul?
Why does someone want to take her away from us?
Nawal...
Ilham is our daughter and nobody can take our daughter away from us.
Kabeer lets go somewhere. In another country, where all this doesn't happen.
We will go to Aaliya and Toqueer and nobody will be able to take our daughter away from us..
Nawal..
Please calm down. 
Until we have our case, we cannot go anywhere. 
You're just being superstitious, nobody will takeaway our daughter from us.
Calm down..
I feel anxious. I feel as if something bad is about to happen.
Nothing bad will happen Nawal. You're just being superstitious. 
If God wills, our daughter will stay with us.
Nobody can take her away from us. Okay? Now lay down..
Relax and try to sleep..
After today's hearing, everything is clear. 
We couldn't prove anything. Neither the allegations on Kabeer and nor,
that Kabeer cannot look after his daughter.
Why didn't you tell me that Ms. Falak has handed over Ilham's custody in exchange for money?
We will have to prove that Kabeer is an irresponsible man, in the court.
And he cannot take care of his daughter.
Do whatever you want, you will not win this battle. All your tactics will befall you.
Remember my words.
If you want to get the decision in your favor, we need his weakness. 
A weak point that we can play on.
And look at this.. Excuse me..
Hello?
Kabeer.. They took our daughter...
What happened to Ilham?
They.....
What?! Who took Ilham? Who are you talking about?
They took our daughter..
Where are you?
I'm sending you my location. Come.. My daughter...
I'll just come.
What happened Kabeer?
Nawal called. Someone has kidnapped Ilham..
What?!
They took my daughter.. My baby...
Relax...
I have blockades in the entire city. Don't worry, they'll not go far.
Your daughter will be found soon.
Please found my daughter. No matter how!
She's very young. How will she stay without me?
We're trying our best.
Tell me, how did this happen? Do you know someone? Did you see someone's face? Any car number?
No. I didn't see anyone. No number plate.
 I was keeping the bags in the car after shopping. A bike stopped suddenly..
and they took Ilham.. I couldn't stop them.
Such kidnappings happen for ransom.
Tell me do you have any doubts. Someone who could do this?
I have no doubts.. We have no enemies..