These are the initial stages, as soon as we move further, our profit will increase.
This is enough for me.
Its after such a long time that I've had a good news.
Thank you so much Nawal.
Its the result of your hard work.
Its all our hard work. Why are you praising me alone?
So Qaiser called me and he said he wanted to invest in real estate.
He does have big investors but he wants us to lead.
Even I want to do that.
But the problem is that we don't have such a big investment and right now
and I don't want to do anything that's risky.
Okay. Understood. However, I talked to Mr. Hamdani's manager.
He wants to invest in our food business.
They asked for a meeting but I took time to think.
If we collaborate with them, we can get good profits.
I personally don't know Mr. Hamdani much.
If you're okay with it, we can move things ahead.
He's a very good human being with a good business acumen. My experience says it
I was working with Mr. Shirazi when he did a project with Hamdani and Co.
Everything went smoothly. There was no problems.
My experience says we should have a partnership with them because if they invest in our food business,
then we can invest in real estate. He'll help us and we'll help them.
But where will the investment come from? That's the actual problem.
We'll get the investment, let me talk first.
Alright. You can talk.
Thank you Kabeer. Your trust boosts my confidence.
Nawal this company is as much yours as its mine.
And I have complete believe that you'll decide for its best interest.
If God wills.
As God wills.
sister
Your attitude with Falak isn't good at all. Why are you treating her this way?
Am I mistreating her? She is misbehaving with me.
Whats your problem? Why don't you let us live in peace in this house?
What do you want? Should I take Falak and leave from this house?
I do not want this at all Hamza. You're my only brother.
Why would I want you to leave this house?
Really? Then why did you tell Falak that if you withdrew your share from this business and this house, I'll be on the road.
What does this mean? Explain me.
See Hamza, if your wife will come and argue with me
and point out my worth, I'll be forced to answer.
It would be best if you make your wife understand and tell her to stay away from my matters.
So these amounts are fine?
Yes I've written them myself.
Check it one more time.
Did you fill in the quotations here?
Yes.
Look at them carefully. Not a single amount is correct.
Hamza you should have talked calmly in front of her.
Falak only two three days are left for us to fill in this tender.
How long have you been working on it? Do you have any idea how much loss I could incur?
Whats wrong with it? I filled in the amounts correctly.
Yes only on the first page. Check the second page.
Somewhere you've given a smaller amount and somewhere its bigger. Check further,
there is no amount mentioned. Is this how you fill a tender?
Falak, the documents are also not complete. Will you work like this?
Is this how our company will get the tender?
Falak the way you've filled in the quotations, nobody will even think about giving our company the tender.
Hamza relax. I'll do it.
I briefed them correctly but any staff member could make a mistake. I'll check it.
Falak this tender is for Hamdani and Co and its very important for me.
I want this tender at all costs. Understand?
Hamza we will get this tender. Don't worry. I'll see to everything.
Please Falak.
Work on it seriously and correct it as soon as possible.
Nazish what are you thinking? I told you earlier to take over the business. Its yours.
You have to run it and if not for yourself, you'll have to be strong for your daughter, dear.
Mom, I will not be able to do it, please.
Why not? Didn't you use to go to the office earlier?
Mom see, earlier it was different earlier. Raheel was there then.
All the responsibilities were his. I just helped out.
Now Raheel isn't around. You'll have to take the responsibility.
You'll have to decide today or tomorrow.
No matter how much we try, we cannot compete with Falak's hypocrisy.
And ever since Hamza has threatened us that he'll take Falak and leave,
think if he leaves and takes your business along. Where will you be then?
Mom I was good staying in Canada. You people wanted me to come to Pakistan in a haste.
You should have let me be there.
Dear you were not well and I was worried about you. I brought you here so that you could be stable.
Whats wrong with me? I'm fine now, mom.
But we have disease named Falak now.
Dear I didn't ever think he'll bring a monster in our house.
Oh well, its not late. We can prepare for the times to come.
I'm with you dear. I'll ask the lawyer and he'll prepare the papers.
I'll support you & take care of you dear. Be strong.
What does Hamza think?
If he leaves you, will you spoil your life and cry after him? No.
This engagement being off will not make a difference to you. You'll not kill yourself.
Keep on doing what you've been doing. Take care of your responsibilities.
You're in such a deep thought.
Nothing I was just thinking..
when a person has honest intentions, how much God helps him.
Yes, I believe that.
I have a meeting with Mr. Hamdani tomorrow, I was thinking that if he's interested in investing in our business,
then we'll fill in their tender. How much amount will be enough?
Its a risk..
See if we suffer a loss this time,
we won't be able to stand up again.
To succeed and move ahead, we need to take a risk.
Okay, fine.
This year, like always, we have received a lot of tenders.
However, the most impressive of tenders came from a new company.
We didn't expect them to focus on all the details so minutely.
This will be the first project of that company.
And we expect that they'll not let us down.
The name of that company is Sultana and Co.
The CEO of that company is Ms. Nawal. Congratulations Ms. Nawal.
Its a great achievement for you and your company.
Thank you, sir.
So finally, you have won.
Congratulations mam.
Thank you.
Nawal I have a call. Excuse me. I'm waiting in the car.
Alright.
Hello?
I'm very impressed. The way you filled in quotations and took care of the minute details.
It'll be fun working with you.
I'm also looking forward to working with you.
Thank you mam.
Thank you.
Listen to me.
Hamza, leave my hand!
I thought you two will drown out of shame
but the two of you have no shame at all.
Mind your tongue, Hamza.
You told me you had no affair with Kabeer.
So? You didn't like him at all. So why did you get married?
Why did you do this to me? You lied to me.
If you didn't want to keep any relation with me, why did you entrap me with your love?
Answer me.
I don't want to answer you. There's no use giving you clarifications.
Do you know there was a time I thought I was wrong?
I was mistaken about your affair with Kabeer and that you were telling me the truth.
But when I heard the news of yours and Kabeer's wedding. I believed.
Everything you said and swore upon, was a lie.
But you know what?
I'm happy that my eyes opened at the right time.
I found your real face. God knows what would happen to me?
What would people say about me? I wouldn't have been able to show my face to anyone.
On one side, it was I, Hamza Hashim and on the other side, it was my fiance and her character..
No.. No..
I'm grateful that I didn't marry a person like you.
What if someone had told you something about me and you had trusted them?
What would become of me or where would I go then?
Thank God, He saved me.
You know my mom always said, matches are made in heaven.
A person only gets a life partner like he is, himself.
Yes, definitely. It did hurt in the beginning.
But Kabeer made up all the pain I had received.
You and Falak deserve each other, in all manners.
This confidence that you have, I'll take it all away from you.
I will never let you do this project.
I'll bother you so much,
that you'll be forced to leave this project.
I'll destroy the remaining reputation that the two of you have.
I am just waiting for that time.
I knew you were so cheap. You cannot tolerate someone's success and their happiness.
Its written on your face and I can see it in your body language,
that you're in a lot of pain. You don't like it. You cannot tolerate it.
But your wish will remain unfulfilled.
Because I will complete this project, by the will of God!
Nawal, what is it? Why are you so quiet?
Did something happen?
I met Hamza on my way out.
He threatened me that he wouldn't let me work on this project. He said he'd keep bothering us.
Don't worry. He cannot do anything. And I'm with you.
Nobody can harm you while I'm with you. I'll not let them hurt you.
I'm thankful that I didn't get to marry a guy like you or else I'd have spent my life hanging.
If someone had said something to you about me and you'd have trusted them,
what would happen to me? Where would I go?
My mom would always say that matches are made in heaven.
We get a life partner like we are.
Definitely, it did hurt in the beginning.
But Kabeer was a payback for all that pain.
The company's tender that was the best is a new company.
We didn't expect them to focus on such minute details.
So guys the name of that company is Sultana and Co and the ceo of that company is Ms. Nawal.
Whose responsibility was it? You people's.
I told you that I wanted this tender at all costs.
Do you realize how much of a loss I've incurred because I didn't get the tender?
Who was leading the project?
Sir Ms. Falak was leading it.
So you people had some responsibilities too!
If she was making mistakes in the paper, you must have seen it.
Why didn't you correct the mistakes?
Answer me.
Sir I had pointed out everything to Ms. Falak
and I told her that she had filled the rates incorrectly in some places but,
she didn't listen to me. She said she'd get everything done and I shouldn't worry.
I was trying for this project for the past six months.
And someone else took it. You people should drown and die.
Do you even realize how much embarrassed I am because of you people?
Sir even we're upset about it.
We wanted the tender as well but its not our fault.
Ms. Falak didn't even listen to us.
Although I told her to give me the responsibility but she didn't agree.
If you don't believe me, you can ask anybody from the staff.
You can check the email I sent you. It has all the details.
Alright. You people can leave.
Hamza, what happened? Why are you stressed?
Don't you know why I'm stressed?
We tried our best but whatever God had planned, happened.
But I have complete faith that Nawal and Kabeer must have bribed them.
Otherwise who is so stupid,
to give such a big tender to a new company. Out of the question.
I know Mr. Hamdani and his team very well. They work on merit.
And the people who don't fulfill their merit, they reject them. Like they rejected us.
Hamza..
Stop it Falak. Don't blame others for your own mistakes. Its all because of you.
What do you want to say?
Didn't the manager tell you about your mistakes that cost us the tender?
Did you make corrections?
Hamza I..
Don't lie to me now.
Do you even realize how much this non serious attitude of yours have made me lose?
Why are you holding me responsible for all this?
You were the one leading it. So aren't you responsible?
Kabeer, Nawal, Mr. Hamdani.. I was embarrassed in front of everyone. Just because of you.
The guy who saw me as a mountain, you berated me like a penny.
I cannot even look them in the eye.
You know what? I shouldn't have offered you a job. I made a mistake.
You will not go to the office from tomorrow. I've appointed a new finance officer in your place.
How can you do this Hamza?
What else can I do?
You cannot handle the matters. Do I have another choice?
You're doing wrong. I'm telling you.
Will you insult me because you didn't get a tender?
What will people do? They'll say a lot of things and ridicule me.
How can you give my place to someone else?
Had someone else gotten the tender, I wouldn't have been so angry.
But Kabeer and Nawal got it and I hate them most in the world.
Ilham was sick. I was calling you since long but your phone was off.
So it wasn't the end of the world? You were there, you took her.
And as it is, I take care of her whole day. She's your daughter as well Kabeer, what if you took care of her for a day.
Rather than accepting your mistake, you're accusing me?
Enough Kabeer. Enough. Its been too much.
I'm your wife, not a servant. I have a life. Do you want me to sit at home?
There's a limit to everything and next time you'll not cross your limits!
Kabeer? Why are you standing here?
Just like that..
Why are you awake?
I don't know how I slept while making Ilham sleep.
I'll get you some tea.
Nawal.. Its because of you I'm so happy today. After such a long time.
I'm very happy. I'm so happy that I cannot describe it.
If I tell the truth, I feel I've become very tall today.
This is all because of you. Only you.
Its not only my hard work.
Its our hard work..
No. Not at all. Its all your hard work. And I have no complexes accepting this today.
Don't say like that..
Let me say it today.
You know, 
I had so many reservations about getting married for the second time. 
You proved them all wrong.
To tell you the truth,
 I was not at all comfortable before I got married. 
I'd think that my second wife will come,
God knows whether she'd take care of Ilham or not because its a big responsibility.
The way you took care of Ilham,
 you didn't let her miss her mother. 
Trust me, had even Falak been here, she wouldn't have cared for her like this.
In fact, she thought Ilham was a burden. Always.
I know. I saw everything.
But thinking about the past will only hurt us. 
Forget what you thought before the wedding.
Now we're together and I'm not Falak.
You can never be Falak.
For me, responsibilities aren't a burden but instead they make me happy.
 If you love someone and you can help them, it makes me happy.
Agreed. 
Thank you.
Nazish, I need your signatures on these papers.
What are these?
I'm starting a new big projects, I need money. 
Until you don't sign, I cannot get the amount transferred from Canada.
Its such a big amount. What new projects are you starting?
I'll tell you everything later, right now I don't have time. I need to reach somewhere fast. Please hurry and sign.
I'm sorry Hamza but I cannot sign these.
What? But why? What happened?
I think you are not focusing on your business like you should.
What? What are you trying to say?
I talked to them. They've been calling you for many days now and you aren't giving them a time for the meeting.
I was busy. You know that.
Two production units have been closed there and there is a problem in the production.
Clients have filed a case against the company because their consignment wasn't delivered on time. 
We'll have to pay a hefty fine, Hamza.
Its not your headache, I know everything. 
Don't worry. Are you signing or not?
Alright. If you want the money, give me details of these projects.
 I'll look over the details and give you the money.
Okay.
You should have signed dear, he'd need those for the projects.
Mom you told me to take over my business.
 I've decided now. I'll overlook my business, myself.
Here's your piping hot tea.
Thank you. Did you make it?
Yes. With my hands, for you.
You should have told me. I would have made it.
Its the same thing. Tell me how it is.
Even I cannot make such good tea.
Seriously? I passed.
But next time you'll tell me. Please.
Its okay.
Is Ilham still sleeping? 
yes
She kept us awake all night and now she's sleeping herself.
Thank God she slept a little. She's so energetic.
I really make good tea.
What are you working on?
I am working on the presentation we have to show in the meeting tomorrow. Look at it.
Good.
Only a few things are left. The budgets and all.