File was with you and documents are found from your drawer.
You spoiled everything but blaming someone else.
Kabir.
I will reject this proposal in front of everyone.
Will you humiliate your mother in front of everyone for that stranger girl? Have you gone crazy?
She is not stranger. I love her.
Do whatever he says.
Marry him to the girl he wants to get married.
Forcefulness will be of no use.
And now I am telling both of you that don't worry, I will take complete care of sister.
Falak, is everything alright? You are calling at this time?
How can everything be alright if sister Aliya is here?
Will you tell me what happened or just keep crying like this?
My friend invited us on dinner.
We were going there that sister Aliya started her dramas.
What happened? What has she done now?
Nothing has happened, when we were leaving for dinner then sister Aliya fainted and Kabir canceled the dinner.
I felt so embarrassed in front of my friend, she has taunted me so much, do you know that?
What happened Falak? Is everything alright?
What had to happened? Nothing has happened.
She needs attention of whole family and she got that.
How could she bear that me and Kabir were going alone for dinner?
Falak why does you become so negative always?
It is possible that she was actually not feeling well.
Everyone is not straight forward and simple like you.
Often people not get deceived but they deceive others.
Ever since I have come here, I never spent a single day peacefully in this house.
There has been a new drama happening everyday in this house.
Falak, be careful she is elder than you.
What if she is elder than me, do I ride her on my head?
Kabir doesn't listen to me due to her and now you are favoring her.
With whom do I share my grievances?
OK fine, don't worry. Me and mom will come to see sister Aliya tomorrow.
We will talk to brother Kabir to give you your right.
No, there is no need to do that she is already flying very high.
OK, we wont talk to anyone but you should talk to him yourself. Don't be rude to anyone.
But tell everyone about your concerns.
OK, someone is calling, let me talk to you later.
Falak called me, sister Aliya is not feeling well.
She was very upset because of sister Aliya's behavior.
What happened to her? I am surprised, Aliya doesn't seem like that.
She is bothering Falak.
She got fainted so we should go there to see her.
And if Falak has some grievances from her then you should talk to her about that.
This is not the right way to bother Falak and make her life hell.
You are right, I will go and talk to her.
But this time is not appropriate. I will talk to her at some appropriate time
Well listen Nawal, what about your interview that you gave?
Interview went well, now let's see how do they respond?
God will do better.
Oh, I remember.
You know my friend Naheed who lives in Germany.
Yes.
She called me.
She was asking about you.
Actually she wants to bring her son's proposal for you.
What?
Yes, he is a good boy.
He is well educated and he owns his own business.
But I told her that I will talk to Nawal first then I will tell her.
Mom can't we talk about any other topic except marriage?
You have started to discuss about proposals again.
I think I am a burden on you.
What are you talking about?
Why will you be burden on me?
And will we not allow any good proposal to come here and refuse that?
A wrong experience doesn't mean that we won't let any good proposal come here.
I want to fix your marriage to a good family before this matter get disclosed in the social circle.
What's the harm in this?
Mom, I don't want to think about my marriage at the moment. Please refuse them.
Do you need anything else madam?
No, I will tell you if I need anything. Go.
By the way, your acting skills quite good.
For a moment I felt that you have got a heart attack for real.
I don't want to argue with you. I am not feeling well.
I am not fond of talking to you as well.
I have come here to discuss something important.
If you feel that you will control my husband as well just like you are controlling this house.
So let me tell you that I won't let you do that.
Why are you doing all this? What's the problem with you?
What problem can be with me regarding you?
I just want you to stop interfering in mine and my husband's lives.
And let us live our life with our own wishes.
And as you do trap Kabir by black mailing him emotionally.
Let him free.
And sister don't consider this as my warning.
I know how to get my right.
Mom.
Hmm.
So what have you decided? When will you go to aunt Sultana's house?
You are standing in front of me because of a girl's love.
Mom you are intentionally taking this matter seriously and egoistically.
I have told you a thousand times that I don't like Areej.
So how can I marry someone whom I don't like?
It's not logical.
Please try to understand my point.
This matter is not for a few days it's a matter for whole life.
No, you should try to understand my point. Will you get rejected again and again from same place?
And I don't want to request same girl again and again.
Listen, that was not Nawal's fault. That was your son's fault and you know that very well.
I made a mistake and I have faced it's consequences.
And now I want you to fight for your son's case. I want to marry Nawal only.
But I have a condition as well.
If they refuse again then without making any excuse you will have to marry Areej.
Why are you quiet? Do you accept it or not?
I love Nawal.
She is my happiness.
And you will try your level best to give me my happiness.
That's it.
I am not fond of talking to you. I just want you to stop interfering in mine and my husband's lives.
I won't let that happen. Don't consider this as my warning.
I know how to get my right.
No. No.
Aliya, what happened?
Calm down. Calm down. Look at me. Look at me. What happened? Have you seen a bad dream?
OK relax. Get relax.
Toqeer, this worry will kill me.
I am seeing weird dreams.
Aliya dreams are not real.
Dreams are not connected to reality so don't worry about those.
Will you tell me, what is going on in your mind?
How do I tell you?
A scare is developing inside me.
I am surrounded by a scare from everywhere.
Which scare Aliya?
What happened to you suddenly Aliya? Why are you worried?
You should talk to me right.
Aliya you were never that weak.
Toqeer, I have loved Kabir like my real brothers.
I always took care of him as my younger brother.
I loved him so much.
I am afraid that he will get away with us and he will leave us alone.
Why are you thinking so weirdly?
Why will Kabir leave us alone?
Falak is trying to get him away from us.
I feel that this connection of our relation will be broken. What are you talking about Aliya?
I am sorry but I don't understand anything.
But I understand everything very well.
I remember it very well that I put that file on the table after reading.
I didn't unbind that file and I didn't pull off any paper from that file then how did those documents go to my drawer?
Either Falak herself put there anytime.
Falak
Toqeer, I have remembered.
Yes, I have remembered that she brought tea for me that day. I came out from washroom
then I saw her face was paling.
She must definitely put those documents in my drawer and I also believe that she also spoiled my dress.
OK, if you are so sure Aliya then why did you apologize?
Toqeer, sometime we apologize because the person who stands in front of us is very dear to us.
We are afraid of losing him and stopping him to go away we apologize for the sin we don't commit to save our relation to be broken.
OK, I agree with you that all of that has done by Falak.
But the question arise here is that why would Falak do that and what would she get by doing that?
She wants to create misunderstandings among all of us and this is her objective.
And she is getting success in her objective.
I think you should stop thinking about Falak and lessen the burden of you work as well.
It's my advice for you. You not only need peace but also some vacations.
Let's do one thing, let's go to a good doctor tomorrow.
Toqeer?
OK, just take rest now.
Falak is trying to him away from us. I feel that this connection of our relation will be broken.
She brought tea for me that day. I came out from washroom then I saw her face paling.
She must definitely put those documents in my drawer and I also believe that she also spoiled my dress.
I will have to do something. This woman won't spare me that easily.
Here is hot tea for you.
Hey, it was not needed, you bothered for no reason my child.
I like to do work for you. Don't say that.
Thank you.
Brother Toqeer, I want to talk to you about something.
I am hesitant whether talk to you or not about that.
Tell me clearly whatever you want to say.
Sister Aliya have suspicions in her heart about me.
I always try that no one will have any complains against me. I try to take care of everyone.
And whatever happened during past few days, I forgot that but sister Aliya didn't forget that.
She taunts me all the time.
I keep listening to her quietly for the sake of this house and Kabir.
And I don't say anything to anyone.
So that there is no misunderstanding or unrest in the house. But today the limit has been crossed.
I took food for her but she threw the tray on wall
and said that I won't eat food cooked by you. You might put poison in it.
I felt so embarrassed that I can't tell you.
Falak, my child please don't cry.
OK
Calm down. I will talk to her and make her understand.
Sister Aliya feels that I am getting Kabir away from her.
Tell me why will I do that? Why will I get Kabir away from her?
I never talked to Kabir about it so that he don't think that I am talking against sister Aliya.
That's why I don't say anything to anyone and I don't tell anything.
Listen Falak, she is not feeling well.
This is the only reason of such behavior of her with you. Don't worry she will get well.
I am sorry whether I should say this to you or not that you should consult a good psychiatrist for sister.
I think she is suffering from some mental disorder. Please get her treated.
Hey no, there is no such thing she is absolutely fine. She is just under some mental stress.
All she needs is a break and that's it.
Brother Toqeer, you can ask Kabir.
Tell him whether I have ever said anything regarding or against sister Aliya?
No never.
Now tell me brother Toqeer, what should I do that sister trust me?
OK please don't worry. I will talk to her and make her understand to correct her behavior with you.
By the way, misunderstandings cause weakness to relations.
I try all the time that there is no weakness in relations.
And I expect this from you as well.
OK fix your mood now. And you have made very good tea. Thank you so much.
Isn't Doctor Sohail a psychiatrist? Have you brought me here to him?
Listen Aliya, the condition you are in at the moment, you need mental peace.
Tell me clearly what do you want? What do you want to do with me?
What are you thinking Kabir?
What were you discussing with brother Toqeer? What were you saying to him?
Nothing.
Are you sure?
Why am I feeling that you are hiding something from me?
Falak, tell me what's the matter?
No Kabir, there is no such thing. I don't want to create misunderstandings among our family.
Brother Toqeer was talking about it. He thinks that sister Aliya fell ill because of me.
And he said that didn't I put those documents in the drawer to create misunderstandings between you and sister Aliya.
But I clearly denied that why would I do that?
I don't know why everyone is blaming me again and again?
Tell me why would I do that? Take me oath I didn't do any such thing.
This topic is becoming toxic day by day.
I will talk to brother Toqeer. Rather brother Toqeer should have talked to me.
I don't know what is going on in the house?
No Kabir please.
You won't talk to brother Toqeer about this topic. I don't want to create misunderstanding in our relationships.
I don't want the matters to get more worst in the house. You won't talk to him about it.
Listen Falak, you are part of this family.
And most importantly you are part of my life.
You have same value and respect as all other family members of this house have.
And in my opinion this confusion should get away now.
Kabir I know. But I am sure that one day sister Aliya will realize everything and everything will be fixed.
Aliya everyone is worried because of your health condition.
And to be honest, I am also worried now.
I know.
You didn't tell me that where are we going?
To doctor. I want to get a complete medical checkup of yours.
Greetings, I have an appointment with Doctor Sohail in the name of Toqeer Ahmed. Let me check sir.
Sir please wait for a few minutes. I will call you.
OK
He is asking us to wait.
Listen, isn't doctor Sohail a psychiatrist? Hmm?
Have you brought me here to him?
Listen Aliya the condition you are in at the moment, you need mental peace.
I don't have any mental issue. Are you considering me mad?
What happened to you? Relax. When did I say that you are mad?
There are some weird thoughts come to our mind due to some worries with bother us.
He sees some illusions and sees the things which actually don't exist.
So wouldn't it better to get it checked? There is no harm in it.
I don't have any illusion.
I am confident. You don't believe me but I believe myself. Why don't you understand my point. Relax.
Aliya you were never that much helpless.
You have faced the difficult situations very bravely.
Have you remembered, when you came to our house first time after our marriage.
Mom was ill.
You have managed everything very brilliantly, mom's illness, taking care of Kabir and household chores.
The situation was different at that time. Everyone was me then. Everyone is with you at the moment too.
If you would have been with me then you wouldn't bring me here. If you don't believe me then who else will believe me?
Aliya, Aliya, Aliya
Where are you going?
I am going home. I am not a mental patient.
Falak said that you are not feeling well but you are looking absolutely fresh by the grace of God.
I am absolutely fine. Falak was worried for no reason.
When did you come?
We missed you so we came here to meet you.
Falak ask Nasreen to bring something for them.
Yes I will ask her.
Falak there is no need for that.
Why it is not needed? You have come here after a long time. I won't let you go without eating.
Falak please ask her. Rather stop. Nasreen, Nasreen.
Yes madam.
Please serve lunch on table.
OK
Aliya I want to discuss something with you. I hope you won't mind.
Falak told me that there were some misunderstandings between you and Falak during past few days.
Me and Nawal literally felt very sad by knowing that.
Because we think that you are a very sensible woman.
And you will ignore the minor domestic issues rather than exaggerate those.
Just leave it mom. Whatever happened, has happened. It's useless to discuss that. Come let's have lunch.
Hold on Falak.
I can understand. You are her mother. It's obvious that you must get worried.
Falak is just a child.
If she would be sensible then these internal things wouldn't go out from the boundary walls of this house.
But you didn't give proof of sensibility as well. I also considered you very sensible.
You believed on one sided point of view.
But I apologized to Falak unconditionally.
If I would exaggerate things then I don't know how much fuss would have been created?
But I took care of my house and my family members.
And put my ego in Falak's feet.
Tell them about this as well Falak.
Falak has manipulated you just like she has manipulated Kabir and Toqeer.
What has Falak done?
It would be better if you ask Falak about that. Tell them Falak.
Tell them Falak. Hmm?
All of that which you have been doing to me.
From saying weird things about me, spoiling my dress and pulling off documents from the file to get me embarrassed and tell them everything.
So that your mother and sister should know that how thankless you are.
What are you talking about?
To make a house and keep it in tact requires a lot of effort.
So many sacrifices are required. Houses can't made without any effort.
But to break that one has to create walls of misunderstandings and everything breaks all of a sudden.
And your daughter is doing the same thing these days.
I arranged her marriage with so much love and respect.
But now I am regretting so much on my decision.
I am sorry, if you feel bad about my words. Because we give so much respect to our guests.
But since you started the discussion so I had to respond to you forcefully.
Else I wouldn't have discussed it with you.
Falak... What I just listened?
I don't want to talk to you at the moment. Please go home. I will talk to you at home.
But you used to say..
Mom stop it. I don't want to discuss this.
I don't want any drama in this house anymore.
Please go from here.
Let's go home.
Have aunt Sultana and Nawal gone?
Yes they had gone at the same time without eating.
And where is Falak?
She went out in car just a while back.
OK go.
What was the need to come to my home?
Falak in which tone are you talking to mother?
So what do I do? What do you think that everything is alright?
Sister Aliya was taunting me freely. I kept quiet to save you from further insult.
Listen to me Falak.
You said to me yourself that Aliya has made your life a hell
She doesn't let you live peacefully. I was worried and I had to talk to her.
OK, sit here and talk calmly.
Nothing changed, nothing got fixed. Rather I have got more worries because of your visit to my house.
I am saying it right.
Earlier you had objection on this proposal and you didn't want to marry me there 
and now if sister Nawal is not getting married then you are taking revenge from me.
Why are you mentioning my marriage? 
Why are you dragging me into this discussion? 
You took her there.
Tell me clearly today that what do you want? What do you want to do with me?
Listen to me Falak.
Nawal forbade me to go there. I went there myself to meet you.
 Now don't mention Nawal's name in this matter. Do you understand?
Yes, why will you listen because she is your real daughter?
I have understood everything. But if my house will be unsettled because of you then I will never forgive you.
I used to consider you very intelligent.
But my daughter turned out to be very impatient.
Why have you taken Falak's words that seriously?
I am human being as well. My heart feels sorrow as well
But if I don't say anything to her then it doesn't mean that she can say anything to me.
You know her nature. She gets angry suddenly.
Did you go there for yourself? You went there for her betterment.
She told us that her life has become hell but whatever she said today hurt me a lot.
Tell her not to come here if she has to say such words.
Shh, don't say that. She is your younger sister.
If she won't come here then where will she go? Tell me.
Yes, she is my younger sister not the elder one. If I will say anything to her then you will feel bad.
OK, I will make her understand. Everything will be fixed.
You are my dear daughter who understands my words. Hmm?
My daughter is very intelligent.
Some documents were missing from the file which I took with me. That's why the deal got canceled.
You must hide those documents. You wouldn't want Kabir to get that deal.
Listen Aliya, the condition you are in at the moment. You need mental peace.
Sometime some weird thoughts mentally disturb us due to some worries.
He may get illusion. He sees something which actually doesn't exist.
And you trap Kabir by getting him blackmailed emotionally. Let him free.
Don't consider this as my warning.
I know how to get my right.
Me and Nawal are literally felt sorry to know about it because we thought that you are a very sensible woman.
You won't exaggerate such minor domestic issues rather you will ignore those.
I am such a big fool. Whatever she wants I am doing that.
But not now, I am not weak.