Nasreen you come here
Nasreen?
Tell them
Did you see her coming out my room yesterday? Didn't you?
Did you see her ruining my dress?
Why are you standing quietly? Tell them. Tell the truth
I saw madam coming out of your room
I didn't see her ruining your dress
but you were saying it yesterday ..
I don't know who ruined the dress
have you heard?
Have you? She only want to insult me. She doesn't want me to stay here
Aaliya?
What is happening in this house?
The other day she tried to insult me and degrade me in front of you by telling a lie.
If you want me to go from Kabeer's life then tell me, I'll leave
But don't play these games with me
Aaliya, I asked you something. Answer me
I said what Nasreen told me
O! Now you'll believe on servants and raise your finger on your family members
I wasn't expecting this stupidity from you
Falaq
please calm down. I'm sure there must be some misunderstanding
You leave it, brother. Kabeer, you drop me home
I don't want to live here. You can keep your house. Drop me home. I don't want to stay here
Falaq, what's this craziness? Leave it. Who leaves house on this small thing?
Is it a small thing?
She's blaming me by telling lies again and again. Is this a small thing for you?
I got to know it now that I have no place in this house
Sister Aliya insults me by blaming me wrongly whenever she wants
There is some misconception. There is no need to exaggerate matters
The day I have come into this house, my self respect is being crushed.
You, brother Touqeer and sister Aliya are realizing me that I have no value
I even apologized sister Aliya because you asked me.
Its enough. Let me tell you, I'm not alone
Falaq, its my mistake. I apologize.
Forgive me. I shouldn't have believed a servant. I'm sorry. Please, forgive me
Falaq, sister is apologizing
It's okay sister. Now that you have realized your mistake, its enough for me
Kabeer, drop me home
Falaq, you won't go anywhere. Neither will I take you
Please Falaq, please! Stop being angry. I did apologize.
Again, I'm sorry. I'm really sorry. Its my fault. Please, don't go
Wow Falaq, what a six. You well played and taught a good lesson to sister Aliya
I have taken all my revenges. Next time, she'd be careful saying anything against you.
Kabeer, there is no need to be worried. Don't think much about it
Lets it go now. What's done is done
Its something to be worried about.
This has never happened before
When you live together, these things happen. Forget it now
I know sister very well. She would never make a lie
We all are familiar with her nature.
Kabeer, she's a human and humans do make mistakes
Its isn't necessary that she's always right
be thankful that problem is solved
man, relax now. Fix your mood
Look Aliya, whatever happened today
It was wrong. It shouldn't have happened.
You shouldn't have blamed Falaq for unreasonably.
There was a big drama for no reason
I asked Hafsa. She didn't ruin my dress.
She is our daughter. She doesn't do these things
Aliya, please try to understand. She's a little girl. Little children usually lie out of fear
She doesn't lie. She's my daughter. I know her well
Look all I know is,
God forbid if Falaq had left home today,
then our personal matters would have been discussed outside
And Aliya, these little misconceptions can break strongest house too
This is why I'm asking you to be careful as you are an elder
That's all
Fine! Now fix your mood. What's done is done
Asjad, how are you?
Fine!
What are you doing these days?
I have started a new IT company
Again? What a man. A person is worried if he has to spend from his own pocket
Excuse me!
Do you know him?
Yes, very well. We used to be together. He's a fraud
He cheats on people. The time I left the company, his fraud case was going on.
Really
Yes! He started two companies and had to bear loss.
Until greedy people are alive, fraud people can't die
What are you saying? How can we sell house?
We are helpless
Azrat needs money badly
If he needs money badly then what do we do? You refuse him directly
How can we? If we'd refuse him, that means we are putting Nawal's proposal at stake
I'm not favor of selling the house. And sister, what about your pride now?
You wanted a partner who does everything on his own. So?
Falaq I ..
Try to understand the situation. Proposal can break
Let it be. You wanted my opinion and I have given you
You are selling this house for your daughter. I have no share in it because I'm not your real child
What are you saying? Is this the time to say this all? I'm already too worried
I'm also worried. I came here to discuss them.
I thought its my home but there is no one of my own here
Falaq, listen to me ..
Why did you say this to her?
You know her. I'll handle it
I'd have to talk to her
He's a fraud no. 1. He cheats on people.
The time I left the company, his fraud case was going on.  He started two companies and had to bear loss.
Hamza, what is your problem? Why are you calling me again and again?
Nawal I want to say something important to you
But I don't want to ..
Its about Azrat
Why aren't you understanding? He's a cheater and cheating on you. He isn't a good person
Are you?
Can I trust you?
You don't know his reality
But I do know your reality, Hamza
But how do I explain it to you, Nawal? Why aren't you understanding?
You are jumping in a well. Nawal, if you won't listen to me then I'll come to your house and ask auntie ..
Where are you lost?
I'm thinking, what if they refuse from this proposal in real?
We have already invested a lot. What if they won't sell their house?
I don't think so it will happen. Begum Sultana is a very respectful woman.
She will think a hundred times before breaking a proposal
You might be right. She is a dignified woman.
But I'm stressing over something else right now. The house rent is a lot & your job is no more
What should have I done? They were inquiring about me
I had to resign forcefully.
I would be in advantage if Nawal hadn't resigned
but she resigned without even asking me
You know they aren't as fool as we were thinking they were, especially Nawal
Leave it, mother. As if we're going to marry into this family?
Once the house if sold, we'll leave. Then they can keep finding us
You?
I couldn't even think that you'd be this disgusting
Nawal, listen to me
Is there anything else left after what I have heard?
What's this nonsense Nawal?
This is nothing after what you did. I want to kill him
There must be some misconception. Someone lied about us
We have heard everything
and have seen too
Your reality is revealed so there is no need of a drama
What kind of a woman you are. You are insulting another woman besides being a woman?
There is no need to talk to these people. They wouldn't have done this if they had realized it
No, let me ask them. Why did they do this to us? What did we do to them?
If she doesn't have a daughter, it doesn't mean that she does it to others.
Don't you get tired of doing this?
I wish you had a daughter then you would be scared of doing it to someone else's daughter
Shame on you
Come Nawal
Lets go
Already too much time is wasted. You know that I don't like to repeat
Fine, I'll see. Thank you!
Have this Kabeer
Thank you!
I wanted to say something to you
Yes, go ahead
Ask sister Aliya to stop doing these things
I got quiet because of you today but next time I won't
Look Falaq, whatever happened happened because of a misconception. Its over now
It wasn't a small thing but a conspiracy.
Thank God that the maid told the truth. What if she hadn't? Then you won't be believing me. No. you won't
Then I would have to apologize for that I didn't do. This should end now. Will you talk to her or shall I?
What is it? Why are you after it?
Sister has already accepted her mistake.
When someone accepts their mistakes, it means they won't repeat it again
Falaq, listen to me. You won't talk about it to sister, neither will I. End it here
Fine, if you say so. But what's the guarantee that it won't happen again?
It won't
Trust me
Look Falaq, we all know that sister Aliya is good by nature.
I don't know how did it happen.
All I know is that she loves you and cares about you.
Falaq, you too make your heart big. She takes care of us.
Its our responsibility to ignore small mistakes
Fix your mood. I can't go out with this mood
That's like it. Take care, And stay in touch. Okay?
Bye!
I want to tell you something about Asjad
There is no need to cry
Be thankful to God that their reality came in front of us on right time
I told you that I doubt their intentions but you didn't listen to me
My child,
how can someone know what's going on in others hearts
Only God knows it
My child, I was doing everything for you
How do people forget that one day they'll die?
How do they sleep peacefully by cheating and hurting others? Tell me?
This is how the world is.
No matter what, they don't fear from doing anything when it comes to their benefit
I want to hand them both over to police.
Then they won't dare to this to anyone else
My child, we don't have to get into this
God has safe us. Be thankful
Call auntie Arfa and tell her about their reality
I'll tell Arfa, you relax
Come on, don't you worry
Our game is over
All the investment went into vain
I think we should go and apologize to them
Are you crazy? they both have found out everything.
Thank God they didn't call the police. Now if we'll go to their place, they'll shoot us
Mother, you aren't understanding. Nawal's future is bright.
If not today, tomorrow she'll get a good job.
We should take this chance and solve things with an apology
Arfa called me. She said too much to me. She didn't only hit me,
otherwise she has said everything. You still think an apology will solve this matter?
No, I don't think so
Whats wrong in going to them one time?
Let me get married to Nawal once, then I'll handle her. I will ruin all her dignity
I would be in advantage if Nawal hadn't resigned but she resigned without asking me.
As if we're going to marry into this family? Once the house if sold, we'll leave. Then they can keep finding us
Madam Nawal, madam is asking you to come and have dinner
Ask her to have it. I'm not hungry
Shall I bring you tea or coffee?
I'll tell you if I'd need anything
Okay!
Stop!
For whom are you taking it?
sister Aliya isn't well. This is for her
Give it to me, I'll take it
You?
Yes me. You go
Sister? What happened to you?
Nothing. I was feeling weak
Why did you bring it? I asked Nasreen to bring it
she was bringing it. But when I came to know about your health, I couldn't hold myself back
I think you are over thinking about that dress matter
It was my mistake. I doubted you. I shouldn't have. I'm too embarrassed.
Greeting!
Greetings!
Greetings!
Wow! Younger sister is serving you
Sister wasn't feeling well so I asked the maid to make soup
How are you sister?
I'm fine. You tell? How was your day at office?
It was good. Have a look at this file once you are okay.
We are going to finalize an important deal. Soon it will be finalized
God willing
Leave this all, sister and have soup. You haven't eaten anything since morning.
you'll feel more weak otherwise
Do you know brother Touqeer, this is what I was saying to sister. Forget what happened.
We have to live together so its better not to keep any hatred in our hearts.
Sister, Falaq is right
You change. I'll ask maid to serve dinner. Lets go Kabeer
Sister, do have a look at file
I hope that your doubts are clear now
Aliya, clear your heart for Falaq
She's a good person
O wow! Is it ready?
Thank you!
Nawal?
Where are you going?
I applied for job. I'm going for interview
Are you fine?
Yes, I am
I thought you aren't well. Wait for few days, then go
What will happen after few days?
You'll feel better and peaceful.
I won't stop you from giving interview after that
Don't you worry, I will be back after 1 hr
If I'll stay at home, I'll keep over thinking
It will help me getting over this condition
I'm getting late. I'll leave now
Bye!
Careful
Kabeer, do come back soon. We'll have dinner outside
As you say
I'll put reminder in my phone so that I don't forget
Good
I forgot phone inside
You go, I'll bring it
Hey, bring the key
Falaq?
Where is Kabeer?
He went outside. I was going to him
I had to give this file
Give it to me. I'll give it to him. I was going to give him his phone
It has some important documents. I thought to give it to him myself
Don't you worry. I'll give it to him. You go and rest
Okay fine!
where were you Falaq? I was getting late
Sister gave this file. She was saying its very important
Thank God that sister Aliya remembered. I had forgot it.
Its an important meeting today.
Its a Canadian company who wants to open up their branches in Pakistan.
If we are able to finalize this deal then we'll progress very fast.
It will. What if it won't?
Don't say that Falaq. I worked really hard for this project. I want this deal to be finalized
It will. You still go through the file before meeting
It was me who prepared the file. I gave it to sister Aliya to cross check it.
Anyways, we'll meet in the evening. Take care
bye!
Yes sister?
Yes I got the file. Have you checked the documents? Are they all fine? 
Thank you so much
Madam, sir Hamza is here. He wants to meet you
Hamza?
Why is he here?
He is saying he wants to say something important
Make him sit
Okay!
Have a seat sir
Falaq?
Do you want anything?
I came to give you tea
Thank you!
Welcome
Greetings auntie. How are you?
Greetings! Sit
Thank you!
I know that you didn't like me coming here
Its something that I have to tell you
There is no need to be formal. Say what you want to say. I'm listening
I want to tell you something about Asjad. 
I called Nawal but she wasn't believing me
About Asjad?
What do you want to say?
He isn't a right person