Uncle, do you know I have an annual function at school. I'll be a fairy.
Show me too as well.
Ok And you know mom was saying she'll change my school. Isn't it mom?
Hmm..
Why? Why are you changing her school?
Her school is very good. Her studies will be affected.
Its far away and it takes a lot of time to go there.
They're opening a new branch of her school nearby so,
I thought I'll get her enrolled in that one. It'll be easy to come and go.
New branch?
But who knows what sort of a staff will be there and no idea about the studies as well.
We don't know whether she'll be able to adjust. She has all her friends here.
You know she might get disturbed if she goes there. What if her education is disturbed?
I'll do one thing. I'll pick and drop her from school.
Alright. I used to do it earlier as well, I'll do it now too.
I think your work and your business is being affected.
Why should I bother you then?
I'm her mother. I want to take this responsibility myself.
What if someone says something later,
What is wrong, sister in law? Why are you being so formal? Why would anyone say anything?
Hafsa is the life of this house. Why would anyone say anything.
Hafsa's schooling comes first and everything else comes later.
Thank you Kabeer. You've always supported me in everything but now it is,
I have reserved a seat for Hafsa in the new branch. It won't be good to say no now.
Another thing that I wanted to discuss with you.
This seems the right time to discuss.
Kabeer I want to you to handle your entire business yourself.
I want to resign very soon.
What are you saying?
Yes. I think very soon, in the coming months, I'll not go to the office.
What is wrong with you? Why are you saying this all of a sudden?
If you don't come to the office, how will everything run?
Why is it not possible?
If not today then tomorrow, you have to handle everything.
Everything is yours. Nothing belongs to me.
Sister in law, did someone say something to you?
No. Nobody said anything. I, now, just want to spend time with Hafsa now.
That's why I want her school to be nearby so that I can pick and drop her.
To be honest, Hafsa supported me a lot when I was sick.
This is true. Whenever she is in front of my eyes, I feel fresh, positive. I feel hopeful.
That's why I want to give her time.
I think she has been neglected because of this business.
You're right.
I understand that you want to spend time with your family.
You should definitely do that. I'm not saying you shouldn't.
But, right now I'm not in a position to handle all the business myself.
This business is as much yours as its mine and you'll have to take care of it.
Its your responsibility.
Lets do one thing, lets find a solution to this.
Even if its only for a little while, please do come to the office.
See, I cannot handle everything alone.
Please don't burden my weak shoulders with so much. I won't be able to handle it.
Please.
Mom, should we go out? We need to buy the fairy dress.
Of course. Its very important to get the fairy dress. We have a farewell party in our school.
Hmm. I'm right. Think about it.
Did you sit with uncle to color? We'll get it done fast and then leave.
Kabeer? What did Aaliya tell you?
I heard something about family and business.
She wants me to handle the business alone.
But why?
She wants to give time to her family. She thinks her family is being neglected because of the business.
By the way she's absolutely right Kabeer but such a big decision and that too all of a sudden.
Even I don't understand how can she take such a big decision alone when she knows I cannot handle the business alone.
By the way Kabeer should I say something?
Today or tomorrow, you'll be the one handling everything. How long will she help you for?
And as it is, she has a lot of responsibilities. Hafsa is growing up,
she needs her and Toqueer too. And this house. I cannot handle the house alone.
You see yourself, if you cannot handle the house yourself then how will I handle such a big business myself.
Kabeer you should also understand her predicament.
She isn't only a businesswoman but also a mother and a wife.
She is also the woman of the house. She has to look into everything.
That's right but whatever it is, I have asked her to come to the office for sure.
The way she was looking after her responsibilities, she can still do the same.
I cannot handle everything alone.
Why can't you? Of course you can. You're educated.
I believe you can handle everything better than her.
Falak, even if I learn for a hundred years, I cannot work like Aaliya.
Her business approach and thought process is mind blowing.
You know we have a lot of competitors with investments and will power
but what they don't have is Aaliya's brains.
So, its impossible to handle everything without Aaliya.
Alright, so bye. I'm off to work.
Kabeer I want you to handle the business yourself. I want to resign soon.
I think in the coming months, I'll not even go to the office.
If not today, then you'll have to handle everything tomorrow.
Its all yours, not mine. I feel my family is neglected because of this business.
Please get me Mr. Owais who looks into the legal matters of the company.
Its very urgent.
How are you Mr. Owais? Actually I wanted to get a few papers made for the company shares.
Can you come into my office? Yes. Right now. I'm waiting.
Nawal? Nawal? Come along dear.
Hello mom.
Hello. So sudden?
Yes. I was feeling anxious at home so I thought I'd come see you. I would be fresh.
You did good.
Where is Nawal?
She's getting ready upstairs?
Are you people going somewhere?
Yes. We're going to Nawal's in law's house.
Is everything alright?
Actually Sofia isn't well so I thought we'd ask about her.
What happened to her?
Just food poisoning.
Alright then I'll come along.
You should rest at home, you must be tired. We'll just go and come back.
I stay at home all the time mom.
As it is, what will I do all alone here?
Alright then. Now go and check on Nawal if she's ready. Bring her down.
How are you now auntie?
I'm a lot better dear. Thank you so much for coming. You guys are just being formal.
Its alright.
As soon as I found out, I couldn't hold back. I came along mom and Nawal to ask after you.
Thank you dear.
By the way auntie, I'm upset with you.
Why dear? Why are you upset?
You were sick and you didn't even call me once. I would have come.
Hamza, you told Nawal and got everyone worried. It was just food poisoning, not a big deal.
You should have told me.
You have no idea she was so upset that I didn't tell her earlier.
Aunty you're saying as if I'm a stranger.
Dear, you're my daughter.
But mom, isn't it good. You've freshen up ever since Nawal came.
Yes that's correct. All my sickness has run away.
Did you eat anything?
Yes the maid is making soup for me.
I'll go and get it.
Why will you go? You sit with me. She'll get it.
No. I do everything for mom at home so I'd like to do it for you as well.
Wow, so nice but I'd prefer you stay with me.
I feel better in your company. You've brought up your daughter so well.
Its the first time in life, I'm happy about a decision my son made.
I was feeling so unwell but now since I've seen you I feel perfectly fine. See my soup is here.
Thank you.
Come on get something going for refreshments.
No auntie we'll leave in a while.
Actually I have to attend an important meeting for an NGO.
Alright then if you want to leave, you can. I'll drop Nawal. I'll feel better with her.
Hamza will drop her if you don't object.
As you like, I have no objections.
Alright. I'll leave with mom.
Yes Falak dear, if you want to leave, you can. But its good if you stay, we'll talk. Hamza can drop the two of you later.
If you insist, I'll stay back.
What are you doing in your room?
I was just looking at the house. I saw the door open so I came in. I didn't know this was your room.
If you mind, I'm really sorry.
No its not that. Its okay.
Do you like to read books as well?
Yes at times.
Alright, I'll leave now.
Yes dear?
Where is Nawal?
She was right here, I think she went out for a while.
She might be with Hamza.
I told her to sit with you, look after you and take care but she left as soon as she got an opportunity.
In fact she said it would be good that she'll get an opportunity to talk to Hamza.
She has been for quite a long time. She talked to me and I felt I was alright. She'll be around somewhere.
Alright, I'll go and check where they are. You take care.
Thank you Nawal for coming here. Mom loved that you came over. She was so happy.
You don't have to thank me. You should have told me last night. I would have come with mom.
Auntie must be missing your sister.
Yes she's been calling insistently.
The maid was here and so was I so she didn't have a problem.
Nawal I was thinking we should shift to Canada after we get married. My sister is there too.
Hamza, I cannot shift to Canada with you. Mom's here. She'll be alone here.
I didn't think about it.
We'll take her along, whats the problem?
No. Hamza your business is here. Everything is going well, why do you need to settle abroad?
If you're thinking about leaving me again, tell me now. We haven't moved so far along.
There is a way back. If you want to leave me once again, tell me now. You left me for five years earlier as well.
Quiet. How can you think about me leaving you? I'm thinking of shifting with you.
I'm not going alone. I came back for you.
Had I wanted to go back, I wouldn't have come back.
Auntie is getting worried that you two are not around. Come along please.
Mom is waiting. I'm going, you come along.
Nawal, take care now. You don't have to go there anymore.
What will Sofia aunty thinking? You come running on one call as if you have nothing to do.
Oh no. I only went to meet her today. Had she not been sick, I wouldn't have gone.
But still..
You two are back?
Yes right now. Mom believe it or not, they're such fake people. Sofia auntie was being overly sweet.
I felt she is like Aaliya. Mom, I'd say, be careful and make her understand as well.
She doesn't have to go out with Hamza or visit their house.
They're just engaged for now. Only a little time is left in the wedding. They should wait.
If any relative sees, they'll talk a lot. How many mouths will you shut?
If I have to make my relatives happy, I should just die.
No they'll not be happy even then. They'll say you had to die a certain way.
They want to talk and we cannot stop living because of them.
But we need to worry about our reputation as well.
I'm worried about you that's why I'm trying to make you understand.
Oh well. Mom, I'll leave now.
Why? You just came. Sit with us for a while. Have tea. You're always riding high.
Please sit with us.
No I'm already late. I'll leave now. I'll come back.
Take care of yourself.
Alright. Bye.
Bye. Be safe. Call me when you get there.
Sure.
Falak is thinking unnecessarily. Sofia auntie is very kind hearted.
The upturns in the society have made her mature enough. She might sound bitter but she was right.
You should be a little careful.
Alright.
Hello.
Hello.
Falak, keep this file safely.
What file is this?
These are papers of my business.
I have named half of the business to Aaliya.
What?
I mean why Kabeer? She said no herself that she doesn't want to go to the office.
She wants to give time to the house then why are you forcing her?
So what?
I've given her half her share.
I should have done this long ago.
It might be that she isn't coming to the office thinking that the entire business in my name,
why should she work hard.
Kabeer, it isn't so.
She would never think that. She's very nice.
I think she's right that she wants to stay home and give time at home.
And as it is, the entire business belongs to you. She'll never take this file.
I will never wrong anyone. Everyone will get whatever their right is.
I've given Aaliya what is rightfully hers. Whether she keeps it or sells it, its up to her.
Now this is an important file, take care of it. Some papers are missing.
Once they're completed I'll hand them over to Aaliya. Okay? I'll go freshen up.
Nawal is such a nice girl.
The qualities she has, girls today lack everything.
Didn't I tell you?
She's very caring, loving. She strictly instructed me to take my medicine on time
and not eat anything odd for my upset stomach.
And she has told the maid to not cook spicy food.
She's so sweet. I'm so happy dear. Well done.
So what do you think? Should I call her here forever? She'll take care of you and me.
Let me get better and I'll talk myself.
Once she's here, everything will be alive. It'll be lovely having her here.
true
I've named half of my business in Aaliya's name.
I should have done it a long time ago.
I will never wrong anyone, Falak. Everyone will get whatever their right is.
I've given Aaliya what's rightfully hers. She can sell it or keep it, its up to her.
I will have to do something fast. Kabeer will give her everything.
Noor, what is all this mess?
Hafsa was doing this. I'll clear it off.
Is this a playground that she was playing here?
If she wants to play, why doesn't she play in her room? Wind up everything.
Hafsa who throws toys like this.
Sorry, auntie.
I just told Falak to have dinner ready early.
Yes mom's right. Mommy isn't lying.
Noor?
Yes?
Hafsa will wind all this up. You go and iron the clothes I had kept out.
Sure.
Hafsa dear, put that in as well.
Falak, hurry up. We're getting late.
Yes. Just two minutes.
What are you looking for Falak?
Kabeer my bangles. They were here but not anymore.
Check them, they'll be here. Where would they be?
The box is empty. I kept them here.
Noor? Noor?
Yes mam?
Noor, my bangles were here. Did you see them?
No. I haven't seen them and they weren't here when I cleaned.
What do you mean they weren't here?
Where did you keep them? Do you remember?
Yes Kabeer I kept them here myself.
Hafsa was playing here in the evening. She had messed up the entire room.
I didn't say no, she's just a child. Maybe she kept them somewhere. I'll ask her.
When there are a lot of kids, so that's why its written few children.
Hafsa dear?
Dear, you were playing in my room. Where did you keep my bangles?
What? I was playing with my toys.
Now what new drama is this?
What is this? This isn't a drama.
Wait a minute.
Falak, what is it? What happened?
Falak cannot find her bangles and she was saying maybe,
Hafsa was playing with her bangles so she might have kept them somewhere.
Falak, don't drag children into an argument between adults. 
Before blaming Hafsa, find your bangles in your room.
I am not accusing her. You're the limit.
Then why would Hafsa steal your bangles. What does she have to do with your jewelry?
Hafsa, dear, you kept the toys in your basket. Where is the basket?
Its in my room.
Noor, go and get the toy basket.
Bring it here. Take out the toys.
Now everyone can see with your eyes. 
I didn't accuse her and neither was this a drama.
I'll just say that don't bring up your daughter like you.
How dare you question my daughter's upbringing?
If you raise a finger at Hafsa or say anything odd, you'll see the worse of me, remember this.
Falak didn't mean this..
Whatever she means, I've understood well but maybe the two of you don't understand.
Why are you just escalating matters?
Come on..
Kabeer what did I say?
Nothing Falak. There's a misunderstanding. She might have kept it by mistake. Come.
You also support them. I'm the only wrong person in this house.
Hafsa tell me truthfully, did you keep those bangles in your toys?
No mom I didn't. In fact I kept my toys in the basket. I remember it mom.
Listen to her. She didn't keep the bangles in the basket.
Aaliya everybody say the bangles came out of her toy box.
Not fair dad, don't blame me.
Then who kept the bangles in your basket, dear?
I don't know. You should ask Falak auntie about this.
Aaliya she's a child. She doesn't understand. 
Maybe she made a mistake and you made a big mess because of her.
If Falak had said something, you should hear it quietly. What difference does it make?
You're making me understand.
She is questioning my upbringing and you want me to hear it out quietly. How can you?
Aaliya I'm saying this for the sake of some peace in the house.
I'm sorry Touqeer, 
I'll hear everything about myself but I'll not hear a word about my daughter and her upbringing.
Now tell me what should I do?
You tell me what should I do? No matter how much I try, something or the other happens.
My child. She put such a little child in a mess. Why drag her in the middle? 
Come, sit with mama.
Falak why did you have to all this? 
How can you even think this?
Kabeer what did I say that she got so angry? I just said something.
It wasn't a good move to question Aaliya's upbringing.
Falak I didn't like it either.
I didn't lie. If her daughter steals, her mother's upbringing will be questioned.
For God's sake Falak, be quiet. Why don't you understand? This isn't something small. 
Hafsa is a small child.
And she has never taken anything from anyone ever. 
And if she made a mistake and put your bangles in her basket, what difference does it make?
I didn't escalate matters. Aaliya was the one getting angry.
Don't you think you said more than what was needed?
Should you have said that?
What difference does it make? I was angry.
That's why they say that a person should think before he speaks 
because the words that leave the mouth is like an arrow that leaves the bow. They never return.
Falak? Falak? Bring the file.
Which file?
The business shares file. Have you forgotten?
Yes I had. I'll just get it.
Was it this one?
 Kabeer think before you do anything. What if you regret later?
What is there to think?
Everybody should get what is rightfully theirs. 
I'm just regretting why didn't I think of it earlier?
I should have given Aaliya her share earlier. 
Whatever she has done for me,
this is all very less in front of it.
I know you're right but I was saying considering the situation at home. 
What if Aaliya and Toqueer think that you want to live separately after giving them their share.
I don't expect them to think this way but if they do, I'll make them understand. 
Don't you worry. Lets go.
Sister in law?
I know you must be hurt after what Falak said. Falak realizes it too. Please forgive her.
Its alright. 
I was a little angry as well. I realized later.
Elders make mistake so children can make mistakes as well.
You always show a big heart.
Thank you so much. See Falak?
You aren't coming to the office today?
I will come. I have a few visits, I'll come after them.
Okay. See you then.
Have a good day.
Bye.
Bye.
You hid the bangles deliberately in Hafsa's toy box so that,
everybody could believe she was a thief
Yes, of course.
Why are you doing this? What did my daughter do to you? 
You're up against me. Say whatever you want to say to me. Why drag a child in between?
She is just a weak pawn and I can break your pride through her.
You are very proud about being perfect in everything. Miss. Perfection?
So I just want to break your pride. A woman's pride might not break otherwise,
but when it comes to testing her children, she loses it then.
I made a big mistake bringing you back. I shouldn't have.
Nawal I want you to join the office again.
Hamza this isn't possible.
Why isn't it possible?
Because I've joined a new office two days ago.