For public meetings there are parks and restaurants.
While offices are for doing work, miss Nawal.
You promised me that both of us will go for honeymoon.
Isn't there any importance of your promise and my desire?
I used to consider you my sister but what did you do to me?
I want to go for honeymoon only with my husband, not on a business trip.
Then why was sister saying that now I won't have to do everything as per my wishes rather I will have to take care of Falak's desires as well.
Perhaps she takes care of everyone that's why she thought like that.
Hello
Let me talk to miss Nawal.
Hello
Nawal, I am Hamza's mother Sophia.
I want to talk to you, do you have five minutes for me?
Well, greetings.
Greetings.
Hamza often talks about you.
He is really worried for you and I can't see my son worried.
I want to end the misunderstanding among both of you.
Everything among us has been finished.
No, don't say that, he wants to include you in his life.
And I don't think that everything is ended from your side, it's just a cold war.
Don't give into it. It's a loss for both of you.
Look, man makes mistake.
Hamza has made a mistake.
Even God doesn't close the door of forgiveness, think about it.
I have forgiven your son.
Then what's the problem?
Problem is that aunt that I am engaged with my consent and my mom's consent.
And now I have closed every door of my past after this new relationship.
Emotional decisions are wrong and cause regrets for whole life.
Are you happy with this engagement?
Hamza made a wrong decision and he is bearing it's burden till date.
And now you have made this decision of your engagement,
do you want to bear the burden of this wrong decision throughout your life?
Don't make this mistake, you will regret a lot.
Think with a cool mind.
It will effect your whole life.
If a person asks for forgiveness after making mistakes then he should be forgiven.
OK, prepare it's contract.
This is my resignation. I can't work around you in this office now.
What is this? What happened to you suddenly?
I am not a robot Hamza.
I am a living girl who has emotions and feelings but you neither took care for those earlier nor you are taking care of those now.
You want me to do whatever you want me to do.
If you leave me then I wait for you and if you come back then you find me at the same place where you had left me.
Why do you think like that? Tell me.
It's my life, isn't it?
Whether I settle or ruin it, who the hell are you?
Relax Nawal.
What happened, tell me?
Don't contact me again now.
Change your habit of making fun of me everywhere.
If you couldn't convince me then you asked your mother to call me.
You want me to make relationships and end relationships whenever you want but no, I am not like you.
I don't make relations to break.
What's up Falak?
Hello sister Nawal.
Me and Kabir are going for honeymoon, we have a flight tomorrow.
Wow, many congratulations.
Won't you come to meet us?
No, as you know that last time there was so much bad omen.
Mom fell down from stairs and our flight got missed.
So I thought to tell you on phone, tell mom as well please.
OK
I am disconnecting phone, I have lot of things to do.
Good bye.
Hamza often talks about you.
He is very worried for you and I can't see my son worried. I want to end the misunderstanding among both of you.
He wants to include you in his life.
And I don't think that you have ended everything.
Man makes mistake.
Hamza has made a mistake.
Even God doesn't close the door of forgiveness.
Hamza made a wrong decision and he is bearing it's burden till date.
And now you have made this decision of your engagement, do you want to bear the burden of this wrong decision throughout your life?
If a person asks for forgiveness after making mistakes then he should be forgiven.
I am not a robot Hamza.
I am a living girl who has emotions and feelings but you neither took care for those earlier nor you are taking care of those now.
You want me to do whatever you want.
If you leave me then I wait for you and if you come back then you find me at the same place where you had left me.
Why do you think like that? Tell me.
It's my life, whether I settle it or ruin it, who the hell are you?
Change your habit of making fun of me everywhere.
If you couldn't convince me then you asked your mother to call me.
You want me to make relationships and end relationships whenever you want but no, I am not like you.
Text message: "I want to talk to you".
I am sorry sister Aliya.
I said so much in anger but I realized it later that I was wrong.
Have you got the tickets?
Yes
OK, fine.
Sister Aliya
You didn't forgive me. I am really embarrassed what I said.
No, it maybe my mistake as well. I should have taken care.
Anyway, just forget it as past. Just think about your trip and nothing else.
It's enough that you have realized your mistake.
No, please say that you have forgiven me.
Falak
There is nothing bad for you in my heart.
You are like Kabir to me.
I never thought about separating you and Kabir or make both of you unhappy.
I know that.
The small and big worries in life teach man, what to say at which place and at which time? Hmm?
I will be careful next time.
I am sure.
Hamza
Hey, I am waiting for so long. Have breakfast.
I am not hungry.
And don't wait for me on dinner, I might get late at night.
Why? Are you angry with me?
Why are you running away from me? If mother won't get worried for her son then who else will be worried?
It's OK if you are worried but your way of getting worried is not right.
What do you mean? What have I done?
Why did you talk to Nawal?
I forbade you that she is engaged now and she don't want to live with me.
My son.
If children insist on something then it's not necessary that their insistence is appropriate.
I wanted to advise her that in the battle of egos the loser is the one who is more egoistic.
I felt it appropriate to advise her and I don't have any embarrassment for that.
Why would you be embarrassed, in fact I got embarrassed in front of her.
She thought that I asked you to talk to her. You have embarrassed me more in front of here unknowingly.
Why did you do that?
Hamza
If you couldn't convince then you asked your mother to call me.
If children insist on something then it's not necessary that their insistence is appropriate.
I wanted to advise her that in the battle of egos the loser is the one who is more egoistic.
I felt it appropriate to advise her and I don't have any embarrassment for that.
What are you doing here?
You are surprised as if I can't come to your home.
Greetings aunt.
Greetings.
I was passing from this route so I thought to ask about your well being.
I am fine. I am sorry, I didn't recognize you.
My name is Hamza Hashmi. Nawal works in my office.
Why are you standing? Please have a seat.
Nawal, why are you standing like a statue? Ask about tea.
No aunt, there is no need for that.
I won't take anything. Time is a bit short.
I just wanted to tell Nawal that don't leave this job because of me.
I don't want her career to be ruined because of me.
Nawal is leaving her job and that too because of you but why?
Aunt, I didn't want to discuss this issue in front of you like this but the situation has made it compulsory for me.
Hamza before saying anything just remember that some mistakes can't be forgiven, never ever and not in any case.
Nawal, whatever happened in past, that maybe wrong.
But we can correct the things in future.
Hamza just leave from here quietly. I don't want any drama here.
Nawal, let him say whatever he wants to say.
I want to know, what is going on here? What is this drama?
Aunt, me and Nawal like each other.
We wanted to get married as well.
But I went abroad for business activities.
I didn't inform Nawal when I left. And she is so angry that she is not ready to listen to me.
I admit that I made mistake.
But the mistake is not that big that I should be punished for whole life.
Nawal, what is Hamza saying?
You hid such a big thing from me. You kept me in dark for so long.
Is all of this a joke for you?
Held my hand whenever you wanted and left my hand whenever you wanted.
You have made my life and my love a joke.
At first place you humiliated me in front of whole office and now you have come here. What do you want?
Nawal, I would never come here if you didn't resign.
You forced me that's why I have come here and talk to aunt.
I hate you so much that you can't even imagine.
Nawal, please listen to me.
Whatever happened between both of you was your past
but to discuss such things in front of a mother about her daughter is not an appropriate thing to do.
I understand aunt, but I have no other option left except this.
Mom, ask him to go from here.
Hamza go from here.
And don't come here ever again.
Please aunt, you are wise so advise her.
She won't be happy with that boy. She is making a wrong decision.
The decision which are made in stubborn and egoistically never give happiness.
I know it very well that what is better for my daughter or not.
Thanks for your advice.
What am I doing?
You invited her intentionally and now you are trying to get her engaged with me.
I understand your whole planning.
I know what is right and what is wrong for me. I don't want to do job at the moment.
You are my fiance and your decision will effect lives of both of us.
Perhaps, you don't have any idea about that.
Kabir
Get up, will you keep lying? We are going out.
We have just arrived and you are talking about going out.
Take some rest, we will go after rest.
It's been four hours since our arrival.
Stop it, don't make excuses, get up, good boy.
Falak
I am sleepy, we are on vacations. Let me take some rest then we will go.
Kabir we are not here to sleep.
Look outside, the weather is so beautiful.
It's not more beautiful than you.
Yes you are right.
Come on get up, no more excuses.
We are here to enjoy. Get up.
Get up quickly.
You hid such a big thing for so long from me.
How can you do this to me?
What would I tell you if everything was finished?
I don't talk about it to myself.
I kept worried for so many years, you kept avoiding me by making excuses.
So this was the reason that you are not willing to get married.
You should have told me about it. You hurt me so much Nawal.
I never treated both of you (sisters) strictly.
I took care of your liking and disliking.
I educated you and gave you confidence.
I never taught you to tell a lie. I don't believe it.
How can you hide such a big thing from me?
I didn't have courage to face this thing myself then how would I tell you?
I wasn't believing that this can happen to me.
That Hamza will leave my love for wealth.
But then I thought
That why do I shed my tears for that person who doesn't give importance to my love so I made myself understand,
gathered myself and got busy in work.
I am your mother, your friend as well. At least you should have told me.
I would stand along side you and gather you.
At least I wouldn't have this guilt that you forcefully agreed to accept that proposal because of your stubbornness and ego. No, mom.
I have made this decision myself with my own will and I stand with it.
Don't you want to keep any relation with Hamza and you are happy with your relation with Asjad?
Yes I am happy.
If Hamza can leave me once then he can leave me again too.
I have complete trust on you and your decision Nawal.
I am happy in your happiness.
It's your life.
So, decision will be yours as well.
Where were you my son? I was tired of calling you but why weren't you receiving my calls?
I am sorry I was busy in an important meeting. Tell me, is there something important?
Surprise.
Hey when did you come?
Right now, when aunt was calling you.
I am sorry, I couldn't receive call, I was a bit busy.
It's OK, how are you?
I am fine, how about you? And how are uncle and aunt?
Everyone is fine and I am in front of you, how am I looking? Fit, ain't I?
Actually aunt I was so excited to meet you. Do you know, we are meeting after a long time?
After eight months.
Our last meeting was at sister's house, if I am not wrong?
Right, right. Well my son, we are going for dinner, get ready and go with us.
I am sorry, I won't be able to go with you because I have an important work to do. Let's meet at night. Excuse me.
I think Hamza didn't like my visit.
No my child, there is no such thing. Actually work load has increased in office. You know him since childhood.
OK, let's go together, we will have fun. Let me bring my bag, we will have a great time. Hmm?
What are you looking?
You are looking so beautiful.
Yes from my childhood.
Well, why are you looking at me like this? Let me do my make up, don't bother me.
I am not bothering you. I am just watching you quietly.
Can't I see you?
Do you know what? You seems like reward of my good deeds.
Which I must have done unknowingly.
And I have got you in that reward.
Really? What if this reward became punishment then?
Then I will tell that this punishment should be life long.
We will face it together.
We can't back off then.
No, it can't happen.
I thought and understood.
Now look and tell me how am I looking?
Beautiful as ever.
As I told you that you don't need these temporary supports to look beautiful. You are already
Excuse me.
It's sister's call.
I knew that sister will call me.
Greetings sister.
Yes, I am fine and Falak is fine as well. Tell me how are you?
And what about Hafsa?
I am missing her so much as well sister.
Falak, I am waiting outside, come out when you get ready. Tell me, where is brother Toqeer?
Hamza
Actually, I have to meet a few people regarding my research and aunt said that you will take me there.
I have to go for an important work. Driver is here, he will drop you.
Hey
Bring your bag, Hamza will drop you.
I am just coming.
What are talking about son? Why don't you have time?
What do you think?
Whatever you are doing, Ain't I understanding it?
What am I doing?
You have invited her intentionally.
And now you are trying to engage her with me. I am understanding your whole planning.
I didn't invite her, she has come by herself. She had to work on her thesis.
She called me, so I asked her to come. I don't know which planning you are referring?
There are so many drivers here, send her with anyone. Why me?
My child, she is daughter of my brother, will you send your cousin with driver.
What will she say when she go back that we have treated her like strangers.
Manage your time, take her wherever she wants to go. Don't send her with drivers.
Hey my child, Hamza is taking you.
Shall we go?
Let's go.
Oh Kabir, all of this is so good and so beautiful.
And all of this is much more beautiful because you are with me.
So let's a picture.
You have taken one thousand pictures by now.
Well, we are here to enjoy, if it's in my authority I take everything with me.
I don't know when will we come again?
What do you mean? We will come when you will want.
Will you have time for me by avoiding your business activities?
Why won't I have?
We will come every month if you say.
Let's take a picture.
I can manage that much time for you.
Let's take a ten minute break then we will continue. OK
Greetings madam.
Javed, pick Hafsa from school today, I will get late.
OK madam I will pick her.
Reach there before time. OK bye.
Miss Hafsa, I am coming in two minutes.
Balloon vendor.
Driver uncle I want to buy balloon.
Balloon vendor.
Balloon vendor.
I am sure that you must have talked about Azfar's job.
Actually, I have resigned.
What? You resigned? So suddenly?
Yes there were some problems with management. I am sorry I won't be able to help regarding Azfar.
You resigned from such a good job?
Problems arise everywhere.
I don't understand that people get job after so much difficulty these days and you resigned from such a good job yourself.
Yes, I don't want to do job.
You don't want to do job, but why?
I mean if we both will earn then we can live our life comfortably and we can save money as well.
One person's earning is not sufficient these days.
So you want me to do job and bear household expenses as well.
Of course, there is no harm in that.
If two persons are sharing their lives with each other then why can't they share expenses?
Nawal you know market condition, good jobs are very rare.
Yes I know.
I believe that if one door is closed then others open up.
Whatever, you shouldn't leave that job. At least you should have consulted with me.
Why would I consult you Asjad?
I can make decisions of my life.
And I know what is right and what is wrong. And I don't want to do job at the moment.
You are my fiance, your every decision will effect lives of both of us, maybe you don't have an idea about it.
I have just started an IT company.
I need your support.
Both morally and financially.
I thought that I will ask you to take loan from your company.
I need a huge investment.
How will arrange such a big amount now?
What happened? Won't you have lunch?
You have given me such a good news now there is no room for lunch.