These are a few things and medicines for Falak. Perhaps she forgot to bring them.
We have everything Falak needs in this house and if we need something, we'll get it from the market.
You didn't have to go through the trouble.
It seems you're very upset.
I'm very upset.
How did you treat my dear daughter?
You have wronged her so much. You should have cared a little.
I don't know what she told you but nothing as such happened. Nobody harmed her.
Is she lying then?
Her upbringing isn't so. I didn't teach my daughters to lie.
Please call Falak and ask her in front of me.
If something happened, even I should know how we wronged her?
Kabeer not only hit her but also threatened her with a divorce.
What? What are you saying?
I know Kabeer very well. He isn't a man to hit any woman.
Either Falak is mistaken or she is lying. Kabeer isn't like this.
Aliya, I have decided that Falak is going to stay here until the baby is born.
I'll not risk sending her back.
See...
Daughters look good in their house. If we air the matter, its growing to grow severe.
I tried to make Kabeer understand. Please make Falak understand as well.
In fact call her here. I'll talk to her. She'll understand.
She's sleeping.
Please pay my regards to her, when she wakes up.
We have everything Falak needs in this house and if we need anything, we'll get from the market.
How did you treat my dear child?
You wronged her. Nobody cared.
What is it? Are you worried?
No. Its just..
No. You went to Sultana's house to give Falak's things.
By the way, Kabeer was upset. He said he had asked you not to go.
One of the partners has to bow down to save relationships.
Kabeer might not understand this but I do.
Kabeer?
Yes?
Actually, I wanted to talk.
Yes, tell me.
Should I talk to Kabeer about Falak?
They're already drifting apart, what if this deepens the rift?
What happened? What are you thinking? You were saying something.
Yes. I was asking if I should get dinner served. Will you eat?
No. I'm not hungry. I'll eat later.
Alright. Do let me know.
Mom, why did you have to repeat everything in front of her?
Aaliya now has a chance to turn Kabeer against me.
Let her. I've told her clearly if this happens with my daughter, I'll not tolerate it.
Falak, mom is right, we had to talk.
Do you know what will happen after this? My life will become a living hell.
They'll taunt me about everything. How will I live there?
You don't have to go back until delivery. I'll not let you go.
I cannot risk sending you back.
I shouldn't have told you everything.
Kabeer will detest me now
If he doesn't care about you, why do you care about him?
Because he's my husband and I have to spend my life with him.
I came here thinking if I stayed here for a few days, Kabeer would realize his mistake.
And then he'll let me live my life like I want.
I don't understand why Kabeer is objecting.
Nobody becomes as successful as you do. He should be happy for you.
Don't you know Aaliya?
She doesn't like anybody becoming her equal or crossing her.
She never wanted me happy.
She only wants herself to run the house.
She wants me to sit at home.
Don't worry. Everything will be alright. Don't worry.
I object your clothing, your work and these people.
I have objections.
If you do this again, I will forget this relationship and I mean it.
Even one mistake will make it worse. Remember this.
Maria, I'm pregnant.
Falak, its the start of your career and this problem. I must say you don't need this hassle.
To be very frank, Falak, if you want to be in this field,
you'll have clear off the mess. Focus on your career.
I will not get an injection. I'll go home. I'm scared. I get scared.
Look at me.
No. I'll go home. I don't want this.
Please talk to me.
I was going in my car. I don't know where you came from.
Its all your fault. You did all this.
I didn't know when you came in front of my car, just like you didn't know about the injection.
Kabeer doesn't care about me
If he doesn't care about you, why do you care about him?
Everybody is living their lives so Falak, you should live your life too.
It doesn't look good to talk but if we don't talk, things will get worse.
I understand. Business matters cannot be ignored that's why I'm back. Please talk openly.
This is the file with the details of all the expenses we've had.
Hamza, if we cancel this deal, it won't be good for both of us. Not you, not us.
If we suffered because of the fire in our branch,
you have also suffered losses in the past few months because you didn't win a tender.
And where we have expectations to gain profit, and if we call it off because of a personal grudge, it won't be profitable.
Do you understand me?
I understand.
If you do, please don't cancel the deal. Its for the best of both our companies.
But I cannot work with Shirazi.
Yes if you can cancel the deal with Shirazi,
I'll buy those shares as well.
Hamza this isn't our company policy. This goes against our company policy.
No share holder can hold shares more than 10%.
See, Hamza if you don't want to work with Shirazi, we can do one thing.
We will not let Shirazi be a member of the board of directors.
We will only keep his contribution as a share holder
and this will keep him away from all the policies and rules of the company.
We will have to break a few of our company rules for you. We will do that.
But please cooperate with us.
We will take someone else on board after some time and get our shares back from Shirazi.
You?
Mr. Shirazi, you here?
Please come, join us.
I came for condolence you but I didn't know you three were here constructing a propaganda against me.
See, keep your manners.
Hamza..
So what did you say Mr. Kabeer? You'd have to break some rules?
I'll break you now.
I'll break you and tear you apart in the court.
Mr. Shirazi. Please sit and we can talk.
I've been requesting you to call a meeting for the board of directors
and you, have been avoiding me to keep me away from company matters.
This is cheating. I will sue you.
What do you people think? Will I sell the shares so easily?
Not at all. Now you'll see what I can do.
I'll have a press conference tomorrow and after that you'll call a meeting of the board of directors and
make me a member as well.
Mr. Kabeer, the interesting thing is, you'll not have to break company rules for this.
These people have discussed the same thing about you to me, whatever they told you about me.
I'm telling the truth.
Didn't you tell him how worried you were that he was interfering in company matters?
You wanted to get shares back from Hamza
because of his persistence and interference. Didn't you tell him?
She was badmouthing you.
I don't believe this that you people can do this.
You people deceived me.
You did so wrong.
Whatever Shirazi said, I need an answer to that.
Its not what you understand, Hamza.
She's right Hamza.
Really? Do I look stupid to you? Don't I understand?
Mr. Shirazi is lying.
I will think about your proposal.
Please you can leave. Thank you.
Hie Falak. You have a long life. I was thinking about you.
Me?
Yes. Another advertising agency wants to cast you. Right now I've told them no.
But Falak I cannot say no again. You have to take a decision soon.
I cannot reach a conclusion yet, Maria.
The sooner you decide, the better for you, Falak.
I don't understand. What will happen now?
The most surprising thing is how did Shirazi reach Hamza's office?
Think of it as our bad luck.
But, don't worry.
If Shirazi calls for a press conference, then?
He won't. He knows that the press conference will incur him a loss.
He's a big cheat, this Shirazi. We'll have to be careful.
Hamza will not be on board now.
We'll manage something.
right now he's angry.
But I'll talk to him myself.
Whatever Shirazi did today, I think we have to sideline him or else he can damage us.
I'll see what we need to do about it.
Right now call the board of directors of a meeting and make Shirazi a member.
So that he cannot take an action. Then we'll see what to do next.
Alright.
I feel bad for Nazish.
Being a widow in such a young age, is a big upheaval. May God give her patience.
Ameen
Are you here alone or are Sofia and Nazish here as well?
I'm alone here because I had important work in the office.
Alright.
Hamza even I was upset when I heard about Raheel's death.
I'll get you medicine.
Hamza I'm not well. I'll go and get some rest.
Please have dinner before you leave.
Yes of course. Please rest.
I'll just go and give her medicines.
You must be thinking that I didn't call you.
Actually I tried. I called two times but I didn't understand,
its such a big loss. We cannot say anything.
Thank you Falak.
Nazish must be worried.
Hmm.
Of course the pain is such. It'll take time to settle down.
But she'll be fine by the will of God.
She has such a nice brother and a loving mother.
My prayers are with her.
Say hello to Nazish from me and ask her from my side.
Sure.
I'll leave now. I came to meet aunty.
I'll leave, I'm getting late.
Sit please, we haven't even talked yet.
Some other day, I'm in a rush today.
Alright. I'll see you out.
Aunty seemed a little disturb.
Yes. She is a little disturbed since a few days.
I know why she's not well.
Mothers cannot bear their daughters in even the littlest of pain.
She's worried. Whatever happened, nobody had even thought about it.
Raheel's accident delayed our wedding.
You take care of her. She needs your care.
I know.
We'll be back as soon as Nazish's mourning is over.
This means you're not back permanently.
No I'm here for a week.
I have to look over the business there and Naveen has exams. I cannot be back before them.
They need you. You should be with them.
I'm trying to take care of them.
Its so difficult to take care of people who took care of you all your life.
You will care for them.
I hope so.
Shall I leave now?
You take care of yourself.
Bye.
Bye.
Thank you.
I'll do it.
Kabeer?
Thank you.
Kabeer?
Yes.
Did you talk to Falak?
No.
At least call and ask about her health. In fact call her back.
It seems our house is lifeless since she left.
She left with her will.
She'll come back when she wants to.
I will not go to bring her back.
Can you not delay your flight? Can you stay back 2 days.
If I could, I'd stay with you forever.
But what can I do? Mom and my sister are there. Its important to go back.
My heart sinks when I think about you leaving.
I don't know this time it feels you'll not be back if you go.
Why are you being stupid?
Can I live without you?
I promise you. I'll be back to you, soon.
By the grace of God, you have a healthy baby. It will be difficult to abort.
What do you mean?
I mean its a long time now. Aborting is risky for your life.
Had you come earlier, it would be possible but now its very risky.
Doctor, I've told you my entire situation.
I cannot afford this baby right now. My situation isn't feasible. Please try and understand.
I can understand Falak but its not possible.
I'm giving you a few medicines. Take them regularly. Take care of yourself.
Are you looking for someone?
Where is room number 106?
This way.
Thank you so much.
You called me?
Yes. Come sit.
Have tea.
Thank you.
Kabeer I want to talk to you.
What is going on between you and Falak?
Aaliya must have told you.
Yes Aaliya told me but I want to hear it from you.
Actually we had an argument over her modeling.
She wants to work but I don't want her to be in this field.
Kabeer make her understand with love. Talk nicely.
Aaliya was telling me that you threatened her with a divorce and its not done.
I was angry. I know I shouldn't have said that.
But tell me yourself, what should I do? I tried making her understand but she doesn't listen to me.
Kabeer women only understand love.
And you're about to be a father. You'll have a big responsibility.
And you'll see. Once you have the baby. Falak will be busy.
She will stop complaining
Kabeer, see, the house is tensed because of your and Falak's argument.
You're worried but so am I and Aaliya.
This is important for us to live together peacefully in this house. Do you understand?
Yes brother. I understand.
Did you call Falak?
Kabeer, call her and ask about her health.
Do you know the sign of a good life partner is the fact
that they don't stop caring even if they're upset with you. That's why go and call.
I will.
Have you tea, its getting cold.
Did Aaliya tell Kabeer?
What will she tell Kabeer? She wouldn't know why I went to the hospital.
Even if she did, I'll tell her that I went to see a friend.
Why am I worried? Why should I worry about Kabeer?
Mom and I have been waiting for you. Don't you want to eat?
You went for a checkup, why didn't you tell me?
I didn't go. This is my friend's report.
Why do you have your friend's report?
She forgot in the car.
Alright. What happened to your friend? Which friend?
Why are you investigating everything? I'm famished and mom's waiting. Lets go.
My heart sinks when I think about you leaving.
This time it feels you'll not come back if you go.
Haven't you slept?
No. I couldn't sleep.
I have my flight day after tomorrow. Just one more day.
Don't remind me. I get upset thinking about it.
What will I do without you?
Even I'm upset.
I've never been this upset before I left.
Will you come?
I've been calling Falak. I called thrice. She isn't answering.
She must be upset or angry with you.
Shouldn't I be the one upset?
Maybe you haven't understood a woman's psyche.
A woman wants her husband to love her at all costs.
You haven't called her even once since she left.
How many times have I told you, she's expecting your child, you should meet her.
If she isn't answering the call, go and meet her.
Once she cools down, she'll be back.
We have a meeting with Mr. Shirazi at 2pm.
You can go and be back before that.
Until then I'll go and handle things. Alright?
Kabeer, you are a very sensible guy.
I didn't expect this from you.
You treated Falak very badly. She's hurt.
I am embarrassed at my attitude
and that's why I'm here to apologize. In fact I'll apologize to Falak as well.
She's sleeping. She's worried.
And yes, please sit, I'll wake her up.
Its alright. Let her sleep. Tell her I was here when she wakes up.
Kabeer, listen to me.
She's expecting. She needs your love, your attention. Your care.
I agree she is short tempered.
But she isn't like that. She gets emotional and says everything. But she loves you and respects you.
Even I love her.
Whatever I said, I'm embarrassed about it, auntie. 
But make Falak understand as well. 
She reacts so much on the smallest things. She makes a mountain out of a molehill.
Husband and wife have to compromise and Falak.. she never compromises.
She has always been like this. Stubborn about everything.
That's what I'm asking you to make her understand.
 Especially make her understand to stop being stubborn about modeling.
You tell me yourself, auntie. Is it good for her to model in this condition?
No. This I realize.
This isn't the right time. She needs her rest.
Auntie, I worry about Falak. I worry about the child. That's why I'm saying no.
She fought with me about it. She created a ruckus and things went through the roof.
And I cannot tell you I was insulted so much in front of sister Aaliya and brother Toqueer.
But when you didn't like her opting for such a profession, why did you allow her?
You should have told her no, straightaway.
If I say something, you'll think I'm being manipulative.
What do you mean?
I don't like Falak working in this field. I don't like her modeling.