Elders of the family know and understand rituals very well.
If you think the bracelets are very heavy, then don't wear them.
Wear them only when we are visiting someone in our extended family.
Don't be stubborn. It doesn't look well you standing here, roadside.
Hamza, I told you to leave. I don't want you worrying about me.
Tell me one thing, is Nawal your actual sister?
Yes, why are you saying that?
Listening to you it seems she's your step-sister.
Why were you waiting here?
And why would I visit you in your home?
Come and see the palace which I live in.
The person you taunted your entire life...
see how she lives now in her own home.
If God has granted you more than your worth, then you should thank God, and not be arrogant.
It doesn't take long for one to lose everything.
Really? How would I lose everything?
If I tell your in-laws...
then you aren't Sultana's daughter...
then all of that arrogance will be gone.
My grateful that I am not visiting you in your home.
Don't you dare talk to me in that tone ever again?
Sir, have some sweetmeats as well.
What's the occasion?
Ma'am Nawal is getting married.
Sir, you have a meeting with Nijad builders, and after that, you have a meeting with...
Simran manufacturing... after that...
Cancel all the meetings
Pardon?
I said, cancel all the meetings.
Okay, sir...
Ask Miss Nawal to come to my room.
What happened?
Nothing...
Then why are you so angry?
Why do the guests always tell me off?
Did she do something to you?
You can ask her that.
Alright, go and rest in your room. I'll talk to her.
Mother, what problem does she have with me?
She always taunts me that I'm not your daughter.
Why does she do this to me? Either she will stop coming here, or I will.
Why?
I'll talk to her.
Sister... I've told you so many times that Falak is my daughter.
Why do you talk to her like a stranger? Why do you hurt her?
You should teach your daughters how to talk to elders.
Sister, she's young. Elders need to maintain respect,
if they don't then how do they expect others to be respectful?
You're saying that to me?
Yes, I am.
I'm telling you this. Falak and Nawal are my daughters.
And both of them are equal to me.
You don't know Falak well. She has a dual personality.
She's different with you and different with me.
She's my daughter.
I raised her, she does not have a dual personality.
I'm not pointing fingers at how you raised her.
But blood matters too...
I come here only because of Nawal, otherwise, I don't like coming here.
You're being blinded by her and when you see her true face you'll regret it.
Remember that.
You called me?
Sit down.
I'm listening...
Why did you get engaged?
Do you not care about my feelings?
Ever since I've come here I've asked for your forgiveness. I know I shouldn't have left you.
Is there no margin for error?
Nawal, I'm talking to you, answer me!
I don't want to talk to you right now.
I'm not your boss right now.
You were the one who said that no matter how bad relationships get...
they can always be mended if someone puts their heart into it.
It was never my heart...
What you broke was my trust.
We always look at false realities.
We think that if we leave someone we'll find the waiting for us at the same place, but that doesn't happen.
This is life and someone always comes by to fill the void.
It doesn't make anyone any difference if someone leaves, yes, it does hurt for a while...
then everything gets better, as it did with me.
You cannot do this. You cannot fill this void with anyone else.
Why not? I can... I have the full right to think about myself and decide for myself.
If only I could turn back time.
If only I could make things between us like it was before.
That's not possible. This is not something that either of us can cover.
We gave five years to this!
Neither you nor I can make up for it.
It would be better if we both head our separate ways.
I'm asking her to stay for a few days.
If she's insisting, stay for a few days. If you want to,
Stay... Kabir is allowing you as well.
I can't stay right now, we have to pack for the tour at home as well.
Alright fine... Kabir, does she bother you?
Yes... she does bother me. She doesn't listen to me at all.
Falak, what am I hearing?
Mother, he's lying. I don't bother him, he bothers me. Like he's doing right now.
I'm joking, she doesn't bother me at all.
In fact, she listens to everything I say. Everyone praises her at home.
They say that she's innocent and precious like a child.
May God bless you with happiness and prosperity.
Amen.
Shall we leave, or do you have any other complaints?
Auntie, have I complained to you about her?
Not at all... Kabir has never complained...
See...
I'm the one who made the mistake...
Shall we leave now? We're getting late mother.
Alright... keep smiling.
Okay...
Farewell*
Hello...
Yes, sister, we've gotten a few reviews and we need to improve our services.
Yes... I too want to respect the rights of the critics.
Don't worry... this time our clients will get new benefits.
I have a lot of new ideas that will entertain the customer.
As you say, sister... you're the best.
Okay, bye.
I thought that you might have missed me.
Of course, I did, any doubts?
You always talk about work with sister Aliyah, don't you get bored talking about work all day?
You know what, I enjoyed you saying that.
Do you know why? Because we don't have time to get bored.
Yes... and you don't even have time for me.
What's with you? What are you saying? You know you are special to me.
You're my life.
Alright... don't ruin your mood.
Let's plan something.
Let's go on a long drive, listen to your favorite music...
and then we'll have your favorite dinner.
Okay... let's go
Okay... let's put on some music.
The volume...
Happy?
Yeah.
Kabir...
Kabir, your phone was out of reach, I called you so many times.
The Dubai delegation is here, who's going with us? The due date is near and we've done nothing.
Sister, I'm sorry, my phone was off and I did turn it off.
Actually, Falak and I were out for dinner. I was getting a lot of calls...
Falak wanted us to spend time.
I understand that.
I know that this was your family time... but...
Falak, we need to sacrifice a few things for success.
Slowly you'll get used to Kabir's schedule.
Sister... she can't manage everything like you. You're a genius, perfect in everything.
Why did you say that? She's smart and she'll learn to manage.
In the situation that we have nowadays, we need to be in communication.
You will attend every one of my calls from now on.
Especially for big clients like Hamza, we need to be extra professional.
Yes, boss.
Now, go and rest.
Falak, you're responsible to send him for the meeting tomorrow morning.
Sure...
Goodnight*
You don't know Falak, she has a dual personality.
She's different with you and different with us.
Mother...
why are you worried?
Sister Fariya came by to congratulate... and...
she was taunting Falak, and when I tried to make her understand, she left upset.
Mother you know auntie doesn't like Falak.
You should have listened to her and made Falak understand.
It's not like she comes here every day.
You're right... I should have done that.
But I got angry when I saw tears in Falak's eyes.
And now I feel guilty. I only have one sister-in-law...
It's alright, she'll cool down in a few days, we'll visit her and cheer her up.
Her anger like yours is only for a short time. Don't worry.
You get worried over such trivial stuff.
Greetings.
Greetings*
Auntie...
How are you?
I'm well... and how are you?
I'm well.
Come sit.
I was coming home from work and wanted to see how you were doing.
It's good you came by.
Nawal... arrange for some food.
No auntie, no need for formalities.
Actually, I wanted to take Nawal out for dinner.
If you think that's fine and Nawal doesn't mind...
I don't think this is appropriate.
You'll be married in a few days and after that, you'll have a lot of time to go out with each other.
You're right, our relationship is new and I wanted to know each other.
Don't worry, I'll drop Nawal early.
I'll have tea made.
Mother, please refuse...
I know... I don't like this as well, but he didn't call before coming.
He came here directly. If he would have called I would have refused.
It's not appropriate for me to go like this.
You know I don't like this as well.
I understand.
Nawal, you were the one who convinced me to get Falak married first.
Everything that happened to Falak was up to her standards and desires.
For me the two of you are equal.
I don't want there to be an unjust balance between you two.
That's why I want you to know Asjad well and then make your decision.
So that I may be at ease.
I don't want to regret that you made this decision for me.
It won't be appropriate for us to refuse.
I think you should go with him, just hurry back.
Go and change...
Alright.
May I ask you something?
Sure...
Are you always this serious, or only when you're with me?
I'm like this...
Do you know that this seriousness suits you?
Why are you stopping the car?
Wait a second.
This is for you.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Don't you like flowers?
No, they are lovely and I do like them.
How can someone hate flowers?
You're right about that.
Poor choice Kabir, you deserve a better life partner.
Because of me, you endured a great loss.
It's okay.
Forget what happened.
Sir, I regret to inform you that you have no balance on your card.
What, this cannot be? Try again.
I've checked twice, there's no balance.
That's not possible, you have it wrong.
Sir, I've checked it twice and the balance is zero.
Why don't you pay in cash? You can pay in cash.
I don't have enough cast, I'll come with you. Let's check the problem.
Don't worry, I'll pay for it.
No Nawal... why would you pay... I'll take a look.
It's alright.
It's the same.
I'll return this money to you. It shouldn't be like this.
I think my remaining cards were left back at the office.
I'll take a look at it tomorrow.
Thank you*
Falak we have our official dinner with our investors and...
our office staff will be there as well.
I want you to be active in the party.
I want people to see my luck and the women to be jealous of you.
Kabir, she's meeting our office staff and our investors for the first time, please don't confuse her.
Kabir... the dinner is tonight and you're telling me now.
I'm so sorry, it got finalized last night and I forgot to tell you.
I need to go to the salon...
I won't get any appointments on such short notice. How will I manage everything and get ready?
You'll get it, don't worry. I'll call them.
Listen... get ready how you want to get ready.
See... your problem is solved. Sister has the solution for everything.
Kabir...
Did you talk to Mr. Umar Hayat?
Yes, he'll be arriving with his wife.
Good.
Who's Umar Hayat?
He's a big businessman and the owner of a food chain.
He has food branches spread across the entire world.
We already have Hamza with us, but to do business in South Asia and other countries we need help from Umar Hayat.
Sister, I was thinking Umar Hayat will be with his wife.
His mood will be good and the environment will be perfect as well...
I think I should talk to him about the business deal. I expect the deal to get finalized
I think that's a good idea. You call Hamza, right?
Yes, I did.
The dinner is celebrating your marriage, but I'm sure all the discussions there will be business related.
Should I give you two some free advice?
Both of you should try leaving business out the door every once in a while.
It would seem nice if we sat together and enjoy each other's company every once in a while.
Alright... I'll listen to my brother. From now on this rule is final.
No business talk during family time.
Hello Mr. Jamal. Tomorrow's appointment is done.
Yes, I'll arrange to have you two meet...
Brother, I have an innocent question.
The rule you just stated would that be implemented after that phone or are you expecting a few more calls like that?
Tell us what the time line is.
We forgive you.
Hamza hasn't arrived yet, did you talk to him?
Yes, I did, he said he was busy and that he won't be able to make it.
It's okay.
Congratulations!
Thank you, sir.
So good to see, I'm so glad that you came.
Same here, many congratulations to you two.
Thank you
You look wonderful.
Thank you so much.
Come this way.
Serve her first.
Thank you.
I have to hand it to you, you've turned Kabir into a businessman.
When Umar and I met a few years ago he didn't say much.
He didn't have business knowledge as well.
But today I was surprised to hear him talk.
No, to be honest, I didn't make him.
The truth is that Kabir is very intelligent.
Whatever it may be, you are Kabir's backbone and I know that well.
This is Falak, Kabir's wife.
Hi*
Falak give her company, I'll be back.
Excuse me, please.
Falak, when are you joining the company?
What do you mean?
I mean the food chain and the hotels...
I heard that Kabir wants to spread his business outside of Pakistan.
I think you should support Kabir like Aliyah.
She's so smart and intelligent.
But I have no interest in Kabir's business.
What?
I don't know whether this party was organized to celebrate our wedding or maintain Kabir's business.
No one has talked about anything else apart from their business.
What do you mean?
Meaning, if you want to talk about business, then I'm not interested.
Why don't you join them? They're talking about business over there.
I thought that Aliyah would find a smart girl like herself for Kabir...
But you...
anyways... thank you...
I hope that we will grow when we work with you.
Kabir, your wife is very rude.
Her behavior is so unpleasant.
I'm so sorry if you didn't like something she said.
Poor choice Kabir, you deserve a better life partner.
Noshaba let it go, it's alright.
Kabir, don't mind, please.
It's okay sir.
I'll make her understand.
She's naive and a little childish.
Anyways... let's talk about work.
Next week let's fix a meeting. We'll discuss the details there.
Yes of course. I won't be available next week.
Sister Aliayah will be there.
Kabir, you're lucky to have Aliyah with you.
Umar and I were thinking of doing a joint venture with you.
We'll enjoy working with you.
My pleasure.
What rubbish, she did this to me on purpose!
I'm really sorry, I felt dizzy and I slipped. I'm really sorry.
Don't lie!
Umar... this girl is a liar!
Kabir, why would I lie? Why would I do this on purpose? I'm sorry.
Ma'am, I'm so sorry.
Falak didn't do this on purpose.
Noshaba, calm down.
Kabir, please don't mind.
Let's go, Umar... I don't want to stay here for a moment.
You can't leave upset... please!
We're really sorry, please don't leave upset.
Please allow us and look after your guests.
I'm really sorry, I didn't do it on purpose.
I didn't intend to.
Don't do this.
Kabir, if you want to work with us, don't bring your wife to the next meeting.
She's a shallow girl.
Umar, let's go. I won't stay here for a moment.
Kabir... we'll leave.
Let's go.
Falak... bring a chair!
What happened to her?
How are you feeling now?
My head feels heavy. I feel dizzy.
I think you took stress from what she said.
I'm very sensitive.
If someone would get upset at me when I was a child I would get depressed.
Now because of me, the entire day was ruined.
We endured a loss.
It's alright, we can't change what happened.
There is no point in getting depressed.
Be strong... I'll send juice for you. You'll feel better.
Okay...
I taught her a lesson. She'll remember it her entire life.
Thank God that you gave me such a clever mind.
It was a good excuse to tell them I was feeling dizzy, otherwise, I would be open to criticism.
Don't worry, I'll take care of it.
I couldn't even think that such a big mess would be created...
that too with a client like Umar Hayat.
I'm so sorry to disappoint you.
It's alright, we stay ready for unexpected things in business...
So... don't worry...
Just take care of Falak...
I'll apologize to Miss Hayat, don't you worry about that. I'll handle it.
I know I'm sure you'll handle it well. But still, this shouldn't have happened.
All we can do is try,
I was thinking...
that this time I should arrange the dinner at our restaurant, with full protocol.
You're right... it's a good idea.
I think that would be better... Look after Falak, I'll send juice for her.
Are you alright?
Kabir...
I'm sorry, you had to endure such a big loss because of me.
It's okay... forget what happened.
For me, you're the most important thing.
I just want you to get better. Sister Aliyah has handled things.
Are you upset with me?
No.
I'm not upset at all... I didn't know that you were so sensitive.
Otherwise, I would never have scolded you.
Maybe you are stressed out because of that as well.
I was very worried.
No need to worry.
I will take care of you like you want me to take care of you.
I'll go and change.