If you can work in Kabir's company then why can't I work in Hamza's company?
Kabir is my ex-husband and Hamza is your ex-fiance so the matter is same on both sides.
Take it and talk to her.
I don't want to talk to her. I hate her and I don't want to see her face.
Whatever decision you make but I wont accept this proposal.
Go and drop her at her house immediately.
With whom have you come?
Are you spying on me?
Will you marry to that girl?
What did she do with her own sister?
This type of girl can't be loyal to anyone.
She can't be loyal and sincere to anyone.
They grown her up, fed her well and did everything for her
but she did this to them in response of their good deeds and kindness?
Such an oblivious girl can never become my daughter-in-law.
Stop mentioning her name again and again.
Mom this is my life and I should have the right to make decisions about my life.
When children make decisions egoistically and in stubbornness
then it's parents' duty to advise them and guide them towards right path.
My son, marriage is not a child's play. It's not a matter of a day, a week or a month.
With whom you will get married, you will have to spend your whole life with her.
But I have made the decision.
Now there is no room for Nawal in my life.
And I wont change my decision despite your insistence.
You will have to drink it. Please have it.
OK, I will drink in a while.
Madam, Manager from office has come to meet you.
Yes, send him in my child.
Why has he come? Let's see.
Greetings. Greetings Mr. Manager. Have a seat.
Thank you.
Is there everything alright that you have come here?
Yes, I need Mr. Hamza's signatures on this file so he has called me here.
But Hamza is not at home.
I have just talked to him on phone. He is coming in five minutes.
OK, you can wait for him. Will you take tea or anything else?
No, thank you.
OK, by the way Mr. Ahmed tell me about the situation of company and are all projects going well?
Yes company's situation is absolutely fine. We are working on two or three mega projects.
I am supervising two of them while the other one is being supervised by miss Falak.
Falak? Nawal's younger sister?
Yes.
When did Hamza hire her?
It's been so many days.
I heard that she has suffered a big loss.
Her business partner ran away after taking all her money.
Who has told you?
All staff members know about that.
Miss Falak sold her property share and invested the amount in business with someone.
Her partner did fraud with her. She was very worried so Mr. Hamza hired her.
And he handed over such a big project soon after he hired her
.
Yes, rather I told Mr. Hamza that she has not much experience.
He said that I am with her and I will look after that.
Please don't tell him about this conversation. He will get angry.
No, I wont tell him anything.
Hey, bring tea or something else for Mr. Ahmed. OK. I will take rest.
Sure
Ok, thank you!
I don't believe that Hamza will turn out that much fool.
He doing foolish acts and Falak is exploiting that.
She has lost billions of rupees and she has become poor so she needs money.
That's why she is trapping my son because she knows that my son has money and established business.
If Hamza will get married to her than she will own everything and all her worries will go away.
Look at her cleverness and her planning.
First she got job in his office then she cause difference between Nawal and Hamza and trapped my son.
She is too much. Because my son is not like that. She has spoiled his mind.
Mom she is doing the same trick which she has been doing with Kabir and Aliya.
I am understanding this whether Hamza agree with me or not.
And Falak has exploited the emotional nature of Hamza.
You know that how much he used to love Nawal.
How can he decide to marry Falak suddenly?
I can't digest this. He was so happy
when Nawal got convinced to marry him.
What has happened in few weeks that he doesn't want to marry Nawal but he wants to marry Falak.
I don't understand what is going on. Do one thing, call Nawal and tell her.
What do I tell her and how can I talk to her mom?
Hasn't Hamza humiliated me in front of her? I can't face Nawal.
I am sure that this girl is trapping my son for money.
Yes, that's the only explanation.
Do one thing,
meet Falak alone without letting anyone know.
Tell her that we will give her whatever she wants but get out of my son's life. For God's sake don't ruin my son's life.
No mom, this is not right.
And is this right what is happening right now? The life of my only son is going to get ruined.
I can't sit without doing anything. I will have to do something.
Will you talk to her or do I talk to her myself?
OK mom, I will talk to her. Please relax.
Sister Nazish, you are here at this time?
Yes, I want to meet you and discuss something important.
Please have a seat.
I don't want to sit. It's OK.
What happened, is everything alright? You are in angry mood.
Listen Falak, I wont tell you long stories.
I got the information that you invested your money somewhere and you have lost all your money.
Yes, I invested in a production house but she ran away with my money.
So it means that you don't have any money right now.
You have transferred the ownership of this house to Nawal
so you will definitely need money in this situation.
Who doesn't need money?
So that's why you are trapping Hamza.
Is this right? Tell me.
He is beautiful, handsome and smart. He has servants, bungalow and cars and everything else. What else do you need?
Are you in your senses? What are you talking about?
Listen Falak, take how much money you want but get out of Hamza's life.
How can you even think like that?
Perhaps you don't know but I am not trapping your brother.
He himself proposed me himself. I didn't force him to marry me.
Tell this to that person who believes on your words.
I know it very well that it was you who created misunderstandings between Hamza and Nawal.
Really? But how can you say that?
I don't want to argue with you.
You will tell Hamza right now right away that you can't get married to him.
And tell me how much money you need, I will transfer that to your account.
How stupid your thinking is.
Earlier I didn't think about getting married to him
but now I wont think rather I am going to meet Hamza and I will accept his proposal.
You?
What are you doing here? I told you that don't come here because it is not beneficial.
Do you know that by rejecting your proposal with whom Hamza is going to get married?
It doesn't make any difference to me no matter with whom Hamza is getting married.
When you will listen her name then it will definitely make difference and you wont be able to stand on your feet.
When he left me after accusing me and my character then I don't care with whom he is getting married.
He is getting married to Falak.
Did it make difference. Did you lose ground under your feet?
What are you talking about?
Hamza has expressed his intent to get married to Falak.
He has not only expressed his intention rather he is showing his stubbornness for that.
No, Falak can't do that because she is my sister.
You are so innocent and simple as well.
Man forgets every relation for the sake of his own benefit.
And Hamza is a well educated, beautiful and rich man.
He is not short of anything
and girls do idealize such type of boys who can provide them all luxuries in life along with love.
Listen Nawal.
Me and mom wished that Hamza would get married to you.
I don't know what happens next.
Just pray that whatever may happen that benefit all of us.
Take care.
Hamza, sister Nazish came to our house today.
She was offering me cash.
She said that get out of Hamza's life and take as much money as you want.
I am very sorry Falak. I didn't have any idea that her hate will go to that extent.
She said this to me today.
She thinks that I am getting married to you for money.
Falak don't worry. I know that sister has done very wrong to you.
I will definitely talk to her about that.
She has said this to me.
She has said this today, I don't know who will she say in future.
She thinks that I am getting married to you because of your wealth and reputation.
I can bear everything but I can't bear such allegations on my self respect.
Don't worry.
I am with you. Right?
I know Hamza. But to whom will I tell if sister Nazish will keep behaving like this and keep saying such things after marriage?
I wont be able to complain in front of you.
Don't worry.
You are my honor and I wont let anyone cause damage to my honor.
You know Hamza, I would never agree to get married to you.
But after seeing your love and sincerity I couldn't refuse.
I know that all of this is not easy.
It's very difficult to convince your family and that to for me.
But I am becoming part of your life by trusting you.
Don't break my trust ever.
Falak, trust me, that will never happen.
Fix your mood first.
Falak.
With whom were you? Don't lie to me.
Why will I lie to you? I was with Hamza.
Are you getting married to Hamza?
Sister has told me everything.
I am asking something from you. Are you getting married to Hamza?
I am not doing that. He has proposed me.
And by the way, what difference does this make to you? Your engagement has already been broken. Right?
If he didn't get married to you then he will get married to someone else and he wont live a bachelor life.
Then why not he marry me?
So you called him there that day, that was your planning to take me there?
Yes, I intentionally took you there.
And I called Hamza and asked him to come there.
Why did you do this to me Falak?
Because I wanted to get married to him. I liked him.
But no, he loved you. Right?
He was blind in your love.
So I had to do something to create misunderstandings between both of you.
I didn't have idea that you will turn out to be that much oblivious.
Stop, it's enough.
Look at yourself once before taunting me.
Have you ever seen yourself? Do you deserve a man like Hamza?
You are just beautiful but look at me, I am more beautiful than you. I am intelligent and I understand everything.
How do you get everything.
I kept thinking throughout my life that how are you so successful?
You were always ahead of me but I kept trying to follow you.
I thought that I will get everything after getting married to a successful man like Kabir but what happened?
You got engaged with Hamza who was much better than Kabir.
I wanted to get all those cars, fame and wealth because that was my destiny.
My fate should have shined but your fate was shined.
I can't tolerate all of this.
I advised you so much that sister please reject this proposal but you didn't do that.
So I snatched what I wanted.
Do you know that you were not able to get him.
Why did you do that Falak?
We supported you and did everything for you but you didn't deserve that Falak.
I loved you so much but you gave me this reward?
But I am not lowly like you.
I am giving you respite to stay tonight.
Then get lost from this house tomorrow morning and I don't want to see your face in this house otherwise I will treat you in a very bad way.
Get lost.
Get lost from here.
Hamza.
Why are you looking at him? This is my house.
I am asking you to get out of here.
Hamza, where were you? I am waiting for you since long.
I want to discuss something important with you. Come and sit.
Wait!
First tell me that why did you go to Falak's house?
I went to advise Falak.
To advise her?
by thinking what you had offered money to Falak? That she will take money from you if you offer her?
Instead of advising her you should correct your thoughts.
I am feeling embarrassed.
Hamza, I am doing this for your happiness
For my happiness? Are you doing this for my happiness?
If you cared about my happiness then instead being so stubborn you would take my proposal to Falak's house with mom
to fix my marriage but what did you do?
I am so disappointed.
Hello!
Why are you crying Falak?
Sister Nawal has slapped me and scolded me so much.
She has asked me to leave this house.
What? But why?
I am standing on the road right now.
Where will I go now Hamza? I don't know anyone except you Hamza.
Listen, you don't have to worry at all.
Stay there, I will pick you in fifteen minutes.
Please come quickly.
OK.
What difference does it make.
If Hamza didn't get married to you then he will get married to someone else and wont live a bachelor life.
Then why not he marry me.
Yes, I took you there intentionally and I called Hamza and asked him to come there
because I wanted to get married to him.
I liked Hamza.
But he loved you and he was blind in your love
so to create misunderstandings between both of you I had to do something.
I advised you so much that reject this proposal but you didn't do that.
Then I snatched what I wanted to get.
Madam Nawal, I have cooked the food. Do I serve that on table?
I am not feeling hungry. Go to sleep.
OK.
Will I live here Hamza?
Yes, you will have to stay here tonight.
Hamza, I can't stay here.
Falak don't worry, I will do something.
What else can I do except getting worried? 
I have come here after closing all doors behind me.
I am afraid that you will not fulfill your promise because of your family's pressure. 
What will I do and where will I go Hamza?
Falak, this wont happen.
It's OK then, let's get married now.
No one can do anything with us after Nikah.
And then aunt and sister will only become angry and scold us and taunt us but we will bear that and convince them.
At least she wont kick us out of the house. Right?
Hamza, you will have to make this decision.
Elham, dad will come soon.
OK Noor, give her milk on time. Right?
Good bye. And video call me if there is any problem.
Oh, sorry buddy.
Can I give you an advice?
Yes, tell me
Get married again.
Are you joking?
I am not joking. I am serious.
You should think about getting married again rather you should have done that by now.
Not at all, it is not required at all.
I had a very bad experience from my first marriage.
That's why I don't want to even think about second marriage.
Listen Kabir, Elham needs a mother.
There should be someone who takes care of her.
I have hired a maid. She is very good and experienced and take good care of her.
And why do you think that a father can't bring up his children in a proper way?
Listen, I think no matter how good or experienced a maid is but she can't take care of baby like a mother.
And father can't give love to his children like a mother.
Am I right?
Think about my advice.
I think you haven't listened the stories about step mothers.
Why do step mothers assumed like a witch in our society?
They can also be good. Right?
OK fine buddy.
I will think about it. Now let's talk about business.
 I have to go home as well. It's Elham's time to go to sleep.
That's why I am asking you to get married again. Sister-in-law will handle everything.
OK, OK, no marriage talks, let's talk about business. What were you saying?
OK.
I really liked Mr. Yasir's proposal. 
He has good resources and access to store as well. I think we can have a good deal with him
 If you trust him then we can talk to him.
Stay happy and stay blessed with a lots of love.
Falak you are getting married to Hamza Hashim son of Hashim Hussain with a dower money of five billion in presence of these witnesses. 
Do you accept?
I accept.
Greetings Kabir.
Greetings, Nawal you?
How are you?
Actually, I came here to meet Elham. I was feeling sad.
I am so sorry, Elham has just slept.
Didn't you feel bad that I have come here?
No, why will I feel bad? You are embarrassing me. 
You can come here any time. Please sit.
Nawal, are you alright? Is there anything? You are looking upset.
You can share with me.
Kabir you were right.
What?
That day, Falak asked Hamza to come here.
Did you see, as I told you that only Falak can do this.
Only she can call Hamza but you weren't believing me.
It is my mistake.
I was thinking that she is my sister and she can't do this but she did that.
And do you know that why she did that?
Why?
To get Hamza.
What?
What are you talking about Nawal?
Kabir both of them are getting married.
I don't believe this. It's unbelievable.
It's fine whatever she did to me but how can she do this to you? You are her sister.
And you have supported her throughout her life.
How can someone be that lowly to ruin her own sister's house?
But Hamza claimed to love you so much. 
He changed so quickly?
Did he forget all his promises?
People are selfish and oblivious like this.
No one cares about others.
Look at Falak, she didn't care about anyone. 
At she should have cared about her daughter.
She only spent this much time to forget everything and move forward.
You are right, some people are selfish and oblivious.
They don't give importance to relations.
But whatever has happened it's good for us 
because it has revealed their real face in front of us.
And we wont trust on any one so soon in our life.
I am sorry, I should leave now.
Nawal.
Nawal please don't go in this condition. Your condition is not good.
Let me drop you.
No, I will go by myself.
Truly speaking, I have become conscious now.
My eyes have been opened now and I am able to see everything clearly.
Please stay with Elham she can wake up any time. I will go by myself.
OK
Where has he gone? I am unable to understand.
I am worried since last night. Call him.
I am trying to call him since long but his number is switched off.
Hamza, what is all of this?
Falak & I have got married.
From today she is my wife and she will live in this house as well.
Hamza are you in your senses?
I am in my complete senses sister.
I told you that I want to get married to Falak but you didn't get agree with me.
That's why I had no other option to get married to her.
This is not possible.
You can't take such a big step without our advice. She must have provoked you.
Don't say anything to Falak, talk to me whatever you want to say.
Because I had forced Falak to marry me.
Stop this nonsense Hamza. I know such type of girls very well.
Mom please.
Falak is my wife.
Don't say any weird thing about her.
I will say what I want to say. I will say what is in my heart..
I don't accept this marriage. Get her out of my house right now right away.
Get out. Get lost from here.
Hamza.
Why are you looking at him. This is my house. I am telling you to get out of here.
Hamza, what is aunt saying?
Mom what are you saying?
I am telling her to leave my house.
I wont let her stay in my house at any cost.
Remember one thing mom that if Falak will leave this house then I will also leave this house.
Falak will stay there where I will live.
What? Are you listening? Will he leave his mother and sister for this girl?
Will you fight with us? No one likes her. 
Have I done your brought up for this day that you will bring a girl like her to my house?
Mom, Falak is my wife. If you want me to live in this house then she will also live here.
Mom, please go to your room. Please.
No, Nazish let me talk to him. He has gone mad. Tell him.
This girl can't become daughter-in-law of this house.
Hamza I order you to divorce this girl right now right away.
Mom what are you talking about?
Didn't you listen what I have said to you?
Falak what happened?
I am not feeling well Hamza.
Falak control yourself.
My head is spinning, please let me sit somewhere.
Come, let's go to the room.