You have said so much and I have listened so much. Now listen to me.
You wont go out from this house without my permission from now onward. 
Otherwise I will treat you in a bad way. 
He will recover and will be with us within a few days. 
Are you sure Hamza? 
Nothing will happen to him?
Nothing. 
How long will your anger continue? 
Until you promise me that you wont do any act like this again which cause embarrassment to me. Till then.
Party? But Maria, it is very difficult for me to go out of house. I wont be able to come.
No way, no excuses. This party has been arranged for you. 
And there will be no party if you wont come.
The post production work is going on regarding the advertisement you have shot.
You are looking like barbie doll. I haven't seen such a beautiful look of a new girl
 This party has been arranged for you. And there will be no party if you wont come
you have to come otherwise the boss will get upset
what shall I do? Its important for me to go as well otherwise it will look quite odd
hello! such an early morning call. Is everything alright?
yes yes, everything is fine Kabir. Its just that I couldn't sleep here properly
why, what happened? Are you well?
I am almost fine, but you know the environment of my house
I am feeling so anxious & suffocated
obviously Falak, the matter is as such
that's why I was thinking to go for an outing, I should go for some fresh air
if you are feeling suffocated then I shall bring you back home
No Kabir, what will my sister think? You know the circumstances
by the way Kabir my friend had called, tonight is her birthday
she was insisting a lot & I had refused at that time. But now I am thinking to go there
it will be a change of environment for me
Falak, what's with you? There has been an incident in the house, yet you are thinking about going to the party
just think, if Nawal or aunt Sultana will get to know then how much hurt they'll feel
there is no need to
but Kabir, at least listen to me
Falak, I have already said no. Ok I am getting late, we'll talk later. Ok
Nawal, I don't understand anything at all. What has happened!
I had never felt so helpless in my life ever
my sister is in a deep grief
but I am unable to do anything
what kind of test is this?
The one who has put you in this test will take you out of it as well
Just be patient
the wound is quite big, and it will take time to recover. How is Naveen?
She is quite disturbed, as if she is unable to understand anything
she has become very quiet
I feel so hurt whenever I look at her
She had never been so quiet, she used to be so mischievous at all times
but now she has become so quiet that she doesn't speak at all. She doesn't answers about anything
She keeps sitting quietly at one place
obviously, being an orphan is such a big grief
first the children loose their childhood, then their words & then their dreams
but... Hamza, she is quite small right now & your sister is not in such a condition to take care of her
you have to handle her
Nawal, just pray that I can handle everything. All of this is quite difficult for me
I know its difficult. But you have to stay strong
for now you are everyone's strength
Hi gorgeous! you are looking beautiful
Thank you!
this is for you!
oh my... 
by the way Maria, you have done a lot. I haven't become such a big heroine to deserve all this
don't you worry, I will make you a top heroine
by the way, shall I tell you one thing? I have met a producer
and he is looking for a new face
who is he? What is the system? How does it work?
Wait, why are you so impatient? Shall I reveal everything now?
Come, let me introduce you to everyone
yes yes
is everything set?
Mr. Shirazi, I have to take this call. Its very important
Please, you go I am coming
Ok
Hello! yes
Greetings Mr. Shirazi, you are here?
we are here for the dinner but for sure you are doing your magazine's annual party
absolutely correct! Please come join us
No, you people enjoy. I have an official dinner
oh sir, give us some time. Let me introduce you to our new model
Okay come
this one looks good
she is Ms. Falak, our new model. And top heroine of the industry in the coming time
he is Mr. Shirazi, a reknown businessman of this country
oh Ms. Falak, how are you?
I feel so happy to meet you
do you guys know each other?
yes yes, there was a bit of introduction. Rest is done now
Kabir, listen to me
I don't want to listen to you at all!
any new lie?
Kabir!
I had forbidden you!
I had forbidden you, right? 
Still you had gone
why I wouldn't have gone if the party was kept in my honor?
the party was in your honor & you had told me that its Anum's birthday
you had lied to me here as well!
as if I would have got the permission after telling the truth
you have no guilt at all?
guilt for what, Kabir? for what?
people were recognizing me, knowing me.. they were giving me respect
Respect! Is this what you call respect?
is this respect for you?
a stranger man was keeping a hand on your shoulder, and you were smiling & laughing
were you liking all this?
do you want this freedom? Is this what you want to do?
Kabir, you aren't understanding anything. This is my career!
you have a problem with everyone. On what more you will object?
I will object on that every matter which I don't like
I will object on that every matter!
I have an objection with this attire of yours, with this work of yours!
and from those people of yours. I have an objection!
you cannot do this to me! I feel suffocated in this house
Shut up! Even after all this if I am tolerating you right now then its just because of our baby
otherwise, today you have broken my trust & belief everything!
you have shattered it
Falak, if you did it again
then I am telling you, i will forget this relation. I mean it!
I won't tolerate a single mistake
Remember! 
Move aside... 
Hello!
where have you been? Why you didn't come home as of yet? I have been waiting for you since so long
mom, I have come back to my house. I will talk to you later
hey Falak.. hello!
what hospital! How is she now?
much better
but... we are unable to handle her
the grief of becoming a widow in such a young age is quite big
may God bless Nzish with strength & courage
Ameen
my heart feels so hurt whenever I see her
her life will be so harsh in the future
we fear about our daughter's fate
what to do? Just pray
we parents give everything to our daughters
its just that we cannot give any guarantee of their happiness, sister Sofia
I know you must be so worried because the wedding got postponed
but don't worry, We'll come back soon after solving the matters here
don't worry, God will have mercy
actually I wanted to make a request to you
Can we extend the wedding for next 6 months?
6 months! But 6 months time period is a lot
it would be better if you could have arranged it after the completion of Nazish's iddat (waiting period after husband's death)
even we have thought about the same thing.
but her condition is so bad, we will be able to think about other things once her trauma lessens a bit
Okay, as you find better
may God bless Nazish with good health & strength
Ameen
just pray that my daughter gets patience
God willing, He will bless her with patience. Don't worry
talk to you later, bye!
Bye!
Kabir
yes sister?
you had told me that Falak has gone to Dubai for vacations with her friends
Yes, she had gone with her friends
but Kabir... what is this?
Falak
you did a shoot in Dubai?
what happened Kabir, is everything fine?
answer me about what I am asking, did you get the shoot done or not?
yes, I did
although I had forbidden you
what I could do? Should I have got the contract canceled?
is that contract more important to you than our relation?
I don't understand, what is your problem!
why are you joining two separate matters? Its just a shoot, what's the big deal?
its a big deal Falak. It is a big deal!
for me my relation is important
and a relation where there is no trust, that relation is hollow
what do you want to say?
I want to say that you have broken my trust & belief
You have to choose any one thing between our relation & your career
Kabir
the decision is yours
Kabir!... Kabir
Kabir
what are you saying, do you have an idea?
do you have an idea? Do you realize about it?
I have become fed-up of your lies & self-will
you have become fed-up? Fed-up of me?
Yes, I have become fed-up of your foolishness
but I won't tolerate it anymore
Fine, then I shall also know that what is going on in your mind
I have already told you whatever is there in my mind
go inside, go inside the room!
why will I go inside the room?
you have said such a big thing to me, and now you want me to so & sit quietly inside the room!
oh my God! why all of this is happening with me
Falak, don't exaggerate the matter
am I exaggerating the matter, or you are?
what wrong have I done by thinking that I can also spend my life as per my choice? I can also breathe freely
and I never used to think of you like this. I had given you so much of honor & love.. and you!
you are threatening to divorce me just because I hadn't listened to you
everyone does everything of their choice in this house, nobody questions them
but anyone can come to question Falak & to insult her
all of you want Falak to spend her life according to you, as if I am a puppet
what happened Falak, what are you saying?
I have gone mad! All of you have made me go crazy
control yourself! Kabir, what as such you have said to her?
leave it sister, you will also side him
you will favor him as well
He is talking about leaving me because I did 2 advertisements without telling me. He wants to divorce me
sister, I haven't said any such thing
I haven't said any such thing. Why are you exaggerating the matter uselessly?
have some God fear, have mercy on me Kabir
you have threatened me about divorce, you want to leave me. Is this a small matter?
my life has been ruined
you really like to create a scene, right?
Fine! Let me say it now
if you will not listen to me Falak, then I can do this as well
Kabir! what is this way to talk? And what has happened to you?
I have tried all the ways, brother
I have become confused, I don't understand what to do
I have become fed-up of her dramas
Kabir... Kabir!
Falak, control yourself. Lets go inside your room
I don't need anyone's sympathies. Let it be
Don't know for what he was angry. He was about to raise his hand on me
sister, till date I have tolerated her each & every mistake
but honestly speaking, I don't have anymore patience left in me
granny, where my father has gone? I want to go with him
dear, your father is no more in this world
he has gone to God
why dad has gone to God?
why he didn't took me along?
my dear, no... you shouldn't say like this
See, your granny is here and if you will also go then I will become alone. So somebody has to be there with me, right?
Okay? my dear
I have talked to Ms. Sultana, I have asked her to postpone the wedding date
presently Nazish is not in a good condition
She said, we can do it after the completion of her iddat (waiting period after husband's death)
but I said No
she would be needing some time, and we'll think about it once she gets recovered
if you talk to Nawal then explain her as well. After all, you know the entire situation
yes
he belongs to a very nice family, he is very well-educated
also he will take his wife abroad after wedding, I am thinking to invite them to our house
this way we'll be able to see the guy as well
Wow mom! I must say invite them this Sunday. We'll enjoy a lot on sister Nawal's wedding
mom
coming dear
mom...
yes
why are you crying?
I had so much of desire for your wedding
but what games destiny plays, Nawal
what a person thinks & what happens
mom... everything doesn't happen in our life as per our choice
and then you had said to me that, maybe there is some betterment in it
So after making me courageous, now you are being hopeless
don't worry, nothing will happen
yes Falak
are you crying? What happened?
Falak, tell me what is the matter?
sister Nawal, quickly come here with mom
Okay we are coming, but at least tell me what had happened
No, just come quickly
what is she saying, what happened?
I don't know, she is just asking us to come over. She was crying a lot
oh God! Have mercy... what had happened
yes dear, tell me
what is the problem?
I am thinking that sister is much better now
So, if I can visit Pakistan
there are a few important meetings. also you are here as well. So I don't think so that there will be any problem
as you find better. But come back soon
now you will handle Raheel's properties & business over here
yes I know
don't worry, I will handle everything
I will come back within a week
but ask her, whether she wants to live here or to shift to Pakistan with us
No, what's there to ask about? She will go back with us, how will she stay here alone? She has no one here
hmm... true that
but I think, still you should ask her once. Its important to know her consent
I will talk to her
If Kabir had an objection on Falak's modeling then why did he allow him in the first place?
he should have refused her. And what was the need of all this ruckus?
Kabir had an objection since beginning, maybe Falak hadn't told you
Impossible! Falak can never take such a big step without Kabir's permission
I had wed off my daughter in your family by considering that you people are well educated
I didn't had an idea that you people are so conservative
otherwise, I wouldn't have married my daughter in your family
look at her condition
is Kabir's behavior appropriate in this condition?
what if something would have happened to her then? I am taking my daughter with me
See, I don't think so that its appropriate
you may take Falak with you on some other day, but please don't take her today
Kabir has threatened to divorce Falak
are you getting the meaning of it?
my daughter is not an orphan that anyone can treat her as per their choice. And what do you think, that nobody will be there to speak for her?
See, I request you. Please don't be angry
nobody has said anything to her
both of them had a small fight, and Kabir had said this to her in anger
but he didn't mean it really
I think we shouldn't exaggerate this small matter
small matter? Do you find it a small matter?
can you see Falak's condition?
I accept that whatever Kabir did is wrong. Also, he is guilty about it
but see, whatever problem they have in between them it doesn't mean that she shall go with you
the solution of it is that Falak shall accept whatever Kabir is saying
See, there are a lot of matters in a husband & a wife relation and we have to tolerate them patiently
and have to do compromises too
also we have to accept so many things unwillingly
if you want to take Falak along with you, then taker her along for a few days
and explain her that, if she needs to save any one thing between a family & career...
then she should save her family
only that's a wise decision
i don't know what has happened to Kabir. He has become so annoying
He fights on every other matter, he was never like that
he used to love me a lot
don't know what has happened to him
why didn't you tell me all these things before?
everything was fine earlier, but don't know what had happened to him all of a sudden
he has a problem with everything. I can't do anything without his permission
and now I have to breathe as per his will. I feel so suffocated, mom
Falak, a lot had happened & you are telling us now?
how I would have told you, sister?
your marriage got postponed, you guys are already so worried
I didn't wanted to make you guys more worried by telling all this
even now I wouldn't have told you guys, If Kabir hadn't threatened me for the divorce
the limit! What we had thought about this family & how they have proved to be
what shall I tell you mom? Don't know for what he was angry. He was about to raise his hand on me
what!
what are you saying, Falak? Kabir was about to slap you?
why didn't you tell me this matter over there? I would have talked to them there & then
Get up! Nawal, take out the car. Let me go & clear this matter right away
mom, please let it be. There is no use of this matter now, it will be exaggerated for no reason
let it get exaggerated, what is left now?
We have to discuss it with them, what do they think of us?
mom, let it be. This is the reason I don't tell such matters to you people
you people will also think that its Kabir's fault
In fact, its not Kabir's issue... everything is done by sister Aliya
She keeps provoking Kabir against me, also she keeps talking weird things
Besides, what will you talk about? You will talk to her, & she will refuse
that's why I am telling you that there is no use of going there. Let it be
Okay don't cry, we'll talk about it
Kabir
Ms. Sultana came after your had left
she took away Falak with her
what!
the way you had talked to Falak, she got into so much of stress. 
You shouldn't have talked to her so loudly
sister, till date I have tolerated her each & every mistake
but honestly speaking, I don't have anymore patience left in me
I am also a human, after all until when I can tolerate all this?
See, the matter can be discussed within manners too. Its not necessary to get hyper in every matter
if not for yourself, then at least control your anger for your child
because if you guys will keep fighting like this, then it will incur a loss to you
Also the life of the upcoming baby will be ruined
why did you come to pick me?
the driver would have picked me
why will the driver come when I am here to pick you
that's why I wasn't telling you
No, you did very well by telling me
I can't express how happy I am feeling after seeing you, after such a long time. My heart feels so relieved
me too
how is your sister now?
how can she be?
she is little better
and Naveen?
Naveen has become quite scared
she is such a small child, and she saw everything from her eyes
she is so frightened that gets up in the middle of the night
obviously, it will take some time for her to come out of this trauma
but God willing, she will be better with time
I hope so
Nawal, do you know sister was crying so badly while hugging me when I was coming here
I think she is quite scared
she thinks that everything is slipping from her hands like a sand
Hamza, give her courage & strength
explain her that there isn't any of her fault in it, all of these things are destined to happen
but I become so helpless, whenever I go in front of her
I don't understand, what shall I talk about. What do I tell her
I had never seen a single tear in her eyes in my entire life
and now, her eyes are full of tears at all times
Kabir, today you came early from office?
yes sister, there wasn't much work in the office. I just did a few visits that's it!
then I came home, because I don't feel like sitting in the office
sister, can you please get me a cup of tea?
Sure... 
Noor... Noor!
yes
Noor, make a nice cup of tea for brother Kabir. In fact make 2 cups, I will also drink along with him
Okay
sister, what is this?
These are Falak's medicines & a few necessary items
she forgot to took them along in a hurry, so I thought of going & giving it to her
since you are back now, so you can go & this way you can inquire about Falak's well being as well. Okay?
No sister, I am having a headache
in fact, you also don't need to go as well.
if the things are very important then ask the driver, he will deliver it to her
Falak, there is a limit of everything. Where are you lost?
we have given the dates for the shoot, I am getting continuous calls. And you are not here.
I'm so sorry Maria, actually I was a bit unwell therefore I am at my mom's place
presently, I cannot get the shoots done
can you please extend the dates, can you manage it?
Falak, what will you do in the future if you are doing this right now?
this non professional behavior of yours will ruin your career
I know but I am sorry
you don't know the ongoing problems in my house, for now its more important to solve them
don't worry about your house Falak, worry about your career. I had explained you
its very easy to say this
Falak look, here I am planning a movie for you
you know Mr. Shuja, right? You know he is such a big producer
he wants to make a movie with new faces
I have sent him your portfolio, and he had liked it a lot
he is asking me to arrange a meeting, and here you are asking me to cancel all the dates
movie? No, no... I cannot do a movie in this condition
what do you mean by this condition?
Maria, I am pregnant
what!
Falak, are you kidding me?
No, I am serious. Why will I do such type of a joke?
Falak, this is the start of your career & you have taken such a big stringent!
Falak, I must say you shouldn't be catering such stringent
to be very frank Falak, if you want to stay in this field then you shouldn't get into such troubles
You have to get out of all of these problems. Focus on your career
are you getting my point?
See, its your choice if you want to have a meeting with Mr. Shuja or not. I won't force you