You could neither become a good wife nor a good mother.
If you knew that I am so careless then why did you send your daughter?
I love you so much that's why I am advising you with love.
Just do whatever I ask you to do.
Leave my hand.
If it comes to save your honor then quietness hurts.
You are right.
I don't have more money right now and my account is already out of cash.
Falak, you told me that aunt has transferred ownership of half of her property in your name.
I can't allow you to waste such a huge amount.
But you can't deprive me from my right. I have legal right on everything.
How will we know until you wont tell us?
I wont hide anything from both of you.
Actually the thing is that Hamza's behavior has been changed so much with me.
My child, we asked you so many times but you didn't even tell us anything.
I would advise him for your sake.
Aunt, I have decided and I have already shared my decision with Hamza.
I can't marry Hamza.
No my child, don't make this decision. This will be wrong.
Hamza has done injustice to you.
I know that you are in anger but this is not the solution. This is not the right solution.
I will talk to him and will advise him. He will never do this again.
Please change your decision my child.
So what's the other solution aunt?
How long will I tolerate with his stubbornness and rudeness?
Do you know how firmly he held my wrist?
He shook me after holding my hand and shouted on me so loudly that I got scared.
I was unable to understand that who is standing in front of me. He is not the same Hamza whom I love.
Let him return, me and mom will talk to him.
Listen Nawal, whatever the matter is, we all will resolve this together.
Don't make such a big decision right now.
Where has he gone?
Didn't he tell you?
He has gone to Canada for two or three months. There are some legal problems in his business there.
I thought he must have met you before leaving
Neither he informed me that he is going nor he met me before leaving.
Mom, look at this rudeness of Hamza.
Talk to him clearly when he comes back.
He will have to give honor to this relation. This wont continue like this.
Nawal, you don't have to worry, me and mom are with you. Hmm?
Yes my child, this is unacceptable.
Let him come back, I will talk to him very strictly. Don't worry, we are with you. Right?
Noor,
bring quickly. You know that she can't wait when she is hungry.
Drink it with the name of God.
Greetings Mr. lawyer, how are you?
What? What are you talking about that I have asked you to sell this house?
No, you must have some misunderstanding for sure.
Oh I see, it's so nice of you that you informed me.
Have you asked broker to sell this house?
I got a call from the lawyer that broker has contacted him.
I am asking you whether you have asked broker to sell this house?
Yes and I told you that I need money.
And I told you that you can't sell this house because this house belongs to both of us.
Yes but I am not selling the whole house rather I am selling my portion only.
And you can't stop me to do that. It's my legal right.
How can you do this?
We have so many sentimental attachments associated with this house.
This house is full of our parents memories. Didn't you felt a bit about that?
OK sister, don't taunt me that much. If you have emotional memories with this house then keep this house in your custody.
I will transfer ownership of my share to you but in lieu of that give me the documents of plot.
By the way, after releasing my movie I wont live in this cage like small house.
I will buy a big house.
Are you making a film?
Yes.
Please decide quickly because I can't wait for too long.
Was your journey good and you reached there safely?
Yes I have reached here but I went directly to office from airport and just reached home.
Hey, you had a very long travel so you should have taken rest today.
The first hearing is scheduled after three days. How will I win the case if I will take rest?
OK, what's the update? How strong our case is?
We are hopeful. Now let's see what happens.
You didn't meet with Nawal before leaving and didn't even inform her.
Mom I am very tired and want to take rest.
Can I call you back later?
OK take rest, we will talk later.
OK bye
OK, listen to me, I have a good news.
I am producing my film myself and do you know who is hero in that film?
Who?
Salaar Khan.
Aw, what?
Salaar Khan? Well, I will definitely come at shooting set of film.
And Falak, promise me that you will get autograph of Salaar Khan for me at any cost.
What a dashing personality he has. Heart says "Ah" as soon as we see him.
And accept our congratulation in advance for success of your film.
Give us your autograph as well. Don't forget us if you become a famous actress.
I will see.
See the magazine tomorrow. You have been featured in that.
Hey wow.
Well Maria, give us a chance as well and at least make us friend of heroine.
Stop it.
What is going on here?
What is this rudeness?
Do you have any shame?
Not much time has passed after mom's death Falak.
Why? What have I done?
Ask your friends to go from here right now right away.
Why will they go? I have as much right on this house as much you have.
I can invite anybody here and I can do whatever I want to do.
How dare you to stop me and object on my actions?
Falak don't let your friends come in this house ever again otherwise I will treat with you very in a very bad way.
I think we should leave now. Let's meet some other day.
No, stay here.
What's the problem with you regarding my friends?
As I have told you that I don't want to see them again here.
Why wont they come here?
Earlier I thought to arrange get to gather here with a gap of few months
but how about doing it every week. Rather not every week we will do it every day. Right?
If you have problem with their presence then go somewhere else.
What?
Falak you are asking me to leave this house?
Yes, because it would be better for you.
Because you wont be able to live here in near future.
Until you wont transfer that plot in my name.
I have as much right on this house as much you have.
I can invite anyone here and I can do whatever I want to do.
How dare you to stop me and object on my actions?
If you have problem with their presence here then go somewhere else because it would be better for you
because you wont be able to live here in near future.
Until you wont transfer that plot in my name.
Falak.
Yes.
I accept you condition.
You transfer the ownership of this house in my name and I will transfer the ownership of plot in your name.
I have no objection. You have made a very good decision.
I will call lawyer to prepare documents.
Miss Nawal please sign here.
Miss Falak, please sign here.
Miss Nawal, this is your file.
Miss Falak, this is your file.
Thank you Mr. lawyer.
my pleasure
Miss Nawal from now onward you are owner of this house and Miss Falak you are owner of plot
I have given you the documents.
Please read these documents once please.
Can I sell this plot now?
Off course, you are legally owner of this plot and you can sell it whenever you want.
I am leaving. And you can call me if you want to discuss anything. OK?
Thank you.
Thank you.
Hello Mr. Saleem, I have got those documents.
Please invite that party today. I can't wait too long.
And as I told you that I will take full payment at once so ask them to bring full amount in cash.
OK, thank you.
Hello Maria, I have a good news.
I will receive cheque tomorrow.
Wow, very good Falak.
You have arranged the amount very quickly.
By the way, Mr. Shuja said that if Falak can't arrange the required amount then return five million to her.
As you know that how many people want to work with him. Right?
That's why I have sold that plot because I didn't want to miss this chance Maria.
OK then, I will collect cheque from you any time tomorrow.
Yes why not? But I was thinking that I haven't met with Mr. Shuja once.
He is taking such a huge amount so it's necessary to meet him
to see what kind of person he is and whether he is capable or not?
Falak don't you trust me?
There is no such thing. I trust you so much.
And I am giving him such a huge amount because of my trust on you.
But how is Mr. Shuja, I can only observe after meeting with him. Right?
Yes, you have made a very good decision.
I was about to tell you that you should meet him once and if you trust him then you give him such a huge amount.
I will confirm time slot from him for your meeting tomorrow.
Let's meet then.
OK, bye.
Is it OK now? Wont there be any problem now? It's a cheque of four billion.
You will see Falak that this decision of yours will take you so high
and will remember me throughout your life.
We have been waiting since long, when will Mr. Shuja come?
Hey, you are very impatience. He is a famous personality and must be busy. He must be coming.
There he is.
He is the most handsome producer of the industry. He has studied abroad.
And I have convinced him with great difficulty to work with you.
Hello.
Hello.
How are you Mr. Shuja?
I am fine. How about both of you?
And I guess that you must be miss Falak. Right?
I saw you from far. The most beautiful girl in this ambiance can only be miss Falak.
Maria praised you so much and after seeing you it seems that all of that was not a lie.
You speak so well.
My pleasure.
I was telling Falak that you have a very busy schedule.
Yes, I am working on a movie and I am busy in script, casting and all such stuff.
And who is the hero?
Didn't Maria tell you? It's Salaar Khan. There is no one except him in this industry.
I only say one thing that if you will invest money then you will be able to earn money.
If the script is good, casting is A class,
locations are beautiful and direction by Emad then no one can stop the film to become a hit.
Yes you are right.
When will shooting start?
Script is under writing and that will be finalized within this month
and pre-production will also start after that.
OK, so when will I get the script?
As soon as that will be finalized I will send you the copy of that.
There are six songs on you miss Falak so you will have to start practicing for dance as well.
In fact I am thinking to ask my choreographer to have rehearsal sessions with you at your home.
What do you think about that?
Actually this is Falak's first project Mr. Shuja,
she wanted to meet you and wanted to see, lest her investment will go in vain.
So miss Falak, what do you think?
After meeting with you, I am so impressed that I can say that my investment wont go in vain.
Miss Falak, just consider that I am making this film only for you.
And I remember Falak, give me your passport so that I can apply for your visa processing. OK.
Mr. Shuja please have some.
No, I am sorry. Actually I have some other meetings so I have to leave.
You guys carry on please.
Hey no, at least sit with us for a while.
It's not possible today. Please visit my office any day so we will have a chat there.
Yes sure, why not.
OK Maria see you.
See you.
Drink.
I can hear her crying voice outside. Is she hungry?
I don't know madam. I have tried to feed her but she is not drinking.
Maybe she drinks from my hand. Have you called Kabir?
Yes, I have just talked to him. He is about to reach home.
She is not drinking. When did you make this?
I have just made this a while ago.
Go and make a fresh one quickly. Maybe she drinks that.
OK, I will bring that.
Good girl. Just wait for a second. Right.
Your dialed number is busy at the moment. Please try later.
Your dialed number is powered off. Please try later.
Hello Maria, where are you? I have been calling you since long. Why is your number switched off?
What happened? Is she feeling alright?
No, perhaps she was hungry. She is absolutely alright.
Have Noor called you and asked you to come here?
I was passing by so I thought to meet Ilham.
You did good. Thank you so much.
Why are you thanking me. As much as she is dear to you she is dear to me as well.
And please don't do such formality to thank me again.
If you would have obeyed me then you wouldn't suffer this loss.
But all of this has happened because of you.
You put your jealous sight on me.
Everything was going very smoothly but that ruined suddenly.
Hello Maria, where are you? I have been calling you since long. Why is your number switched off?
OK, Maria I want to talk to you. Please call me.
OK, Maria I want to talk to you. Please call me.
What's this? She has blocked my number.
Well.
Excuse me, with whom do you want to meet?
I want to meet Maria.
Maria has left the job.
What do you mean? When?
It's almost two months.
Two months? But she didn't tell me about that.
You should ask Maria about it that why didn't she tell you?
By the way, what's your name?
I am Falak.
Oh, so you are Falak.
Listen miss Falak, our agency has suffered a very huge loss because of you.
Because you didn't complete any of your project and we have convinced another ad agency for a new girl.
What? How can you say that? What are you talking about?
I am telling you what is the reality.
Please do one thing and go from here.
Because if boss will see you then he will ask police to arrest you.
How can he do that? I have invested billions of rupees.
Investment of billions of rupees? With whom?
With Mr. Shuja. He was making a movie and I have produced that and I have invested in that.
Mr. Shuja? Maria's boyfriend? He is a number one fraudster.
And I would advise you to please stay away from him.
What are you saying?
I am telling you what is reality.
I don't know her boyfriend.
I am talking about Mr. Shuja, who is a producer and a director.
He was making a movie with me.
I am talking about same Shuja.
He is not a director or a producer.
In fact he was trying to get some work and Maria also tried so hard for him.
She has talked with boss as well but boss knew about his frauds.
And he has taken money from so many people for making fake serials and movies.
Hello, yes boss. Yes I am coming. Excuse me.
If you have emotional memories attached with this house then keep this house.
By the way, I wont live in this small house after releasing of my movie.
You live in this cage like house.
What are you thinking so deeply?
No, I was just standing here.
Are you sure?
I thought that you are in a deep thought.
It's OK, no problem if you don't want to tell me.
But if there is any issue then you can share with me.
Trust me I wont give you any wrong advice.
I was thinking about Falak.
I told you that mom has transferred ownership of half property to her name.
So she has sold her property and invested all money in producing a movie.
She is investing such a huge amount without taking advice from anyone at a place where she has no experience.
I am sorry but I can't give any advice in this matter.
What does she want to do and what is she doing, I have nothing to do with that.
Kabir I have tried very hard to make her understand,
I know that it's of no use that she doesn't listen to anyone but
she is wasting mom and dad's hard earned property like this. I feel really sad.
I will only say one thing about this
there are some people who don't get any good effect from good companionship.
I would advise you to stop thinking about her.
No matter how much you will advise her, she wont understand.
Sir, it's time for meeting and everyone is waiting for you.
OK, we are coming.
OK sir thank you.
Let's go.
You can be such a big fool, I didn't have any idea about that.
You gave her such a huge amount.
Without asking from anyone and without talking to anyone.
At least you should have talked to me.
As I told you that I am producing a movie.
You told me that you are producing a movie but you are investing such a huge amount,
you didn't tell me about this.
Maria said to me that I will have to invest half amount.
I didn't know that she will run away by taking my money and that Shuja will be with her.
Falak I must say that I didn't see such a big fool than you in my whole life.
And if you didn't want to talk to us then you should have crossed check at your end.
That the person you are trusting blindly and giving such a huge amount.
Is he capable of being trusted or not?
I met with him and he seemed to me a trust worthy guy.
I didn't know that this will happen. I was so excited.
Really? Did you get information about him?
Do you know, media industry is so small, if you would ask from anyone about him then you would have revealed his secret.
I forgot to do that. 
What do I do my God? I will go mad and my head will explode.
O God, I have lost all my money.
Anam please give me a favor. Ask someone about whereabouts of Maria.
Yes, let me ask.
Hello Hania, how are you? 
I am absolutely fine.
Yes I was busy in my work. I was also thinking about a meeting plan.
Hania, tell me one thing.
Can you tell me about Maria? Her number is switched off 
and I have to discuss something really important with her. 
But she.. What?
When?
O God, no nothing. Everything is fine. See you. Bye.
What happened? What was she saying?
She said that she has gone to Dubai from today's morning flight.
O God, my money. May God ruin her.
Listen to me. Don't cry. Crying wont benefit you. My uncle is a DSP in police.
Do I talk to him about this issue?
Let me message him. At least something will happen.
How was your meeting and what was the response?
Thanks to God, much more than my expectation. 
I didn't have any idea that here is a great demand of Pakistani leather.
Rather me and Farhan are planning to open a company office here God willing.
And I have also finalized a place for office and work will be started from tomorrow.
Congratulations. This is really a great news.
Yes, just see that I have just come here but so many investors have contacted me and want to work with us.
That's great.
This is a very good news. Do you know, I was a bit worried about the response.
I was also very worried 
but after coming here and after meetings with everyone, all my worries went away.
By the way Aliya I was thinking that once our business get established here then 
I wind up my business in Pakistan because here are more chances to grow business then in Pakistan.
And I was thinking that we will shift here after that. What do you say?
Yes, but all these things can be discussed later. 
Just finish your meetings and come back quickly. We all are missing you so much.
Aliya, let me call you back. I am getting a very important call.
OK, bye.
Zakia.
Yes madam Nawal.
Make a cup of tea for me. I have a severe head ache.
OK I will make that.
Do I tell you one thing madam Nawal?
Hmm.
Someone has done fraud with madam Falak.
What? Who has told you?
I went there to give her water, I listened all the conversation from outside the room. 
She is very worried and she was crying so much.
And madam Anam was scolding her so much 
that why was the need to give her such a huge amount and that too without asking from anyone.
The director of her film has run away by taking her money.
What am I hearing? 
Your friend Maria has done fraud with you?
Yes, she has fled to Dubai after taking my money.
I told you.
I forbade you that don't do this but you didn't listen to me. 
Are you in peace now after getting such a huge loss?
If you would have obeyed me then you wouldn't suffered from this loss.
But all of this has happened because of you.
You put your jealous sight on me. 
Everything was going on so smoothly but that ruined suddenly.
Because of me?
What have I done? I wanted to save you from this loss.
If you would want to save me from this loss
 then you should have hold my hand and forcefully stopped me from doing all this.
You must be feeling happy that it's good that she takes her share and get lost from this house.
No, no, don't blame me.
I forbade you and stopped you from doing this but you didn't listen to me. 
All of this is happening because of your stubbornness and arrogant nature.
Have you lodged a complain in police?
No.
What do you mean by no? How will you get your money back if you wont lodge any complain?
It's my problem whether I get my money back or not.
At the moment I just want you to leave me alone and leave this room.
Because if you can't cure my wounds then don't pour salt on those. Please go from here. Go.
How was the hearing? What do lawyers say? 
When will the court make the decision?
Obviously it will take some time. Don't you worry, I will handle.
I know you will handle everything but think as well that business is being here as well.
No it's not, don't worry. I am in touch.
Well, I wanted to discuss something with you for last few days.
Yes what's up? I am listening.
Nawal, has told me that your behavior is not good with her and you treated her very rudely.
I didn't do that. I forbade her to go Kabir's office 
but she didn't listened to me. So tell me what should have I done?
That doesn't mean that you behave rudely with her my child 
and dragged her out by holding her hand.
When I heard that then I felt ashamed and sad.
So she has told you everything.
Do you have any idea that what has happened because this action of yours?
She has refused to get married.
Don't take her words that serious.
Her refusal has no value. She will get married to me only. 
I will handle everything when I come back.
Hello.
What did you tell mom?
Nothing, I didn't tell her anything.
Listen Nawal, I told you a straight forward thing.
That I don't like Kabir and you wont go to his office.
You have started to complain against me in front of mom and sister.
This matter is between you and me so why are you involving my family in it?
I didn't make any complain.
They asked me so I told them and why are you exaggerating this issue?
Am I exaggerating or you?
If you accept my condition then there will be no issue.
Hamza it's not just a matter of going to office, it's matter of my self respect
 and I wont compromise on my self respect for anyone.
 And if you wont change your behavior with me then forget me.
Nawal, don't test my patience.