What the two of them were mentioning about me...
the very same things they've said to me about you.
Doctor, I've told you my entire situation.
I cannot afford this baby. Please try to understand.
I'm embarrassed at what I said.
But you need to make Falak understand as well. She overreacts over the smallest of things.
She makes mountains out of molehills.
Every husband and wife must make compromises.
Falak doesn't compromise over a single thing.
I cannot tell you how embarrassed I was in front of sister Aliyah and brother Toqeer
Kabir, when you didn't like her going into this profession, then why did you permit her?
You should have refused from the beginning.
Auntie, if I say something to you right now you'll think that I'm being harsh.
No tell me
I don't like Falak working in this profession. I don't like her working in modeling.
I told Falak that if she wanted to do a job, then to find one in a good company.
Why any other company? Why not mine?
She should work in our company, that way I'll have support as well.
What could have been better than that? But Falak didn't tell me about it.
Ask Falak why she didn't tell you this. She has one more habit...
she hides things, or she lies.
And auntie, I didn't come here to talk about her lies.
But make her understand that one has to make compromises in life...
Alright my dear, don't worry. I'll talk to Falak and make her understand.
Thank you so much. I was hopeful that you would understand me.
You're most welcome.
Allow me to leave, I have an important meeting and I have to be there...
Farewell*
You guys came to me for an investment. Isn't it like that miss Aliyah?
It is like that. I was the one who asked you.
When I invested as per your conditions... you are side-lining me?
That's unfortunate.
If there was a problem, I would have preferred that you would have told me then.
Planning against me like this... and side-lining me...
Creating propaganda against me is against the very nature of the man I am.
Something I cannot tolerate.
This is bad manners.
It's unethical.
What about what you're doing...
Is that not bad manners?
We were trying to solve the problem there.
And you stepped in the middle at the last moment and made the matter worse.
We have millions invested with Hamza
and one of your lies has dragged us back from where we started.
Because of you, we can endure a major loss.
Everything is fair in business and war.
At that moment you did what you thought was right... and I did...
what I thought was right.
Besides, I only mentioned a few things. If Hamza was a mature businessman...
then would he have listened to me?
No... he's not a mature businessman.
Hamza is an emotional and foolish man. That's why he keeps enduring losses.
I'm disappointed... we cannot move forward like this.
You cannot talk about our company members like this.
If you have a problem with him, then that's your personal matter.
Do not include these matters in our business.
If you had said that to Hamza then that would have been for the best.
You don't want to hear a single thing against him. Back then you were giving all the favors.
Mr. Shirazi... I was trying to make Hamza understand at that time...
Oh really?
From what I heard it didn't seem to me that you were trying to make Hamza understand anything.
This is just the beginning Mr. Shirazi... if you employ such an attitude from the beginning...
then I'm sorry I will have to raise this question in the next board meetings.
I will have to request them to take your shares back from you.
You will not do anything like that.
Right now your position is very weak.
Hamza has refused to work with you as well.
And if I leave you as well... and if there are a few press releases...
then do you know what might happen?
Both of you are very smart, I'm sure you don't want to endure a loss.
What happened mother, did you call me?
Why are you two sitting here so seriously?
It's nothing.
Come sit... we need to talk to you.
Is everything alright?
What have you decided Falak?
About what?
Kabir came home today...
She apologized to mother and told her that he was ashamed of what he said.
This shame is nothing compared to what they did to me.
You wouldn't believe me how sister Aliyah humiliated me, even if I told you.
Kabir told mother that he forbade her to work in show business.
That's why the fight occurred, but you said he allowed you.
I'm a human being with desires and a life.
Can't I do anything of my own choice?
I told you that Kabir didn't have any objections in the past,
but now that sister Aliyah has filled his ears, he has started to object.
Whatever it may be, do not work until the delivery.
He's saying that because he loves you and because he's worried about the child.
Look, my dear... there are a lot of ups and downs that occur at home...
You should endure some as well.
What more shall I endure?
Ever since I've come here I call Kabir daily, but he doesn't answer.
I now understand that no matter how hard I want to save this relationship, Kabir doesn't want to. He's backing off.
Until Kabir and I stay in that house things will never be good between us.
That's why I've decided one thing as well...
What decision?
I will not go back into that house.
What do you mean by that?
If Kabir wants to take me back, then he should buy me another home.
Mr. Shirazi, I called a board meeting, but we were unable to do that because of some reason.
Next time we will make you a board member.
Please, forget about what happened. Sister and I are trying to calm down Hamza.
One more thing... we never intended to take your shares back from you.
I have no interest in becoming a board member.
Nor do I have enough time.
My focus is my business.
I don't want you to disturb me and I don't want to disturb you.
My offer still stands... I'm ready to buy all of Hamza's shares.
That too at double the price.
Alongside that, I'll return the investment Hamza has made.
Mr. Shirazi... we cannot make a decision immediately, we'll need time.
In fact, we will talk to our board members and discuss this with them.
We'll let you know. Thanks for the offer.
Miss Aliyah... Kabir is smarter than you.
It's not wrong of me to demand a separate house, it's my right.
What haven't I endured in that house?
I've endured sister Aliyah's taunts...
I'm tired now, I cannot tolerate this anymore.
Kabir wants me to follow sister Aliyah as he does.
Does he want me to spend my life like a puppet?
My dear, we don't want that?
Alright, then mother...
Don't force me back into that house. I will not go there again.
This is Shirazi speaking...
In all of the newspapers tomorrow morning, there should be a new published...
Publish that there is a fight between Hamza and Kabir foods.
Also, add that both of them want to go their separate ways.
These are the files of all the shares Mr. Raheel has in different companies.
Take a look at it.
These are a few factory papers. Some belong to houses, plots, and apartments...
Where Mr. Raheel has invested.
Look...
you can take a look at them yourself...
I'm not in a state to look at them.
Mr. Raheel has made you his successor for his inheritance.
His relatives are threatening me with filing a case.
I'm telling you all this so that you know...
This is nothing to worry about. My son Hamza will be here in a few days and he will take a look at this.
He is the one who will talk to you.
Alright. I talked to Hamza, he said that he'll come within the week.
Miss Nazish, you should know of this, because if this isn't resolved outside court, then we'll need you.
There's nothing to worry about, we'll handle it... don't worry.
Leave these files here, she'll take a look at them.
Sure.
Allow me to leave... call me when Hamza comes back.
Sure... I'll see you off.
I'll be right back dear.
Hello, Falak... did you go to the doctor? What did she say?
She refused... she's saying that there is a risk.
A lot of time has passed and now nothing can happen.
If an abortion is conducted, it could put my life in danger.
Maria, why are you silent? Say something...
What should I say? You've put me in a position where I can't say anything.
Forget about the movie, you won't be able to do it in your state.
You cannot sign up for the drama as well.
What are you saying?
I told you to take your career seriously, but you didn't listen to me. Family comes later.
What else should I do? You've put me in a difficult spot.
You're the one who put me in a difficult spot.
Do you know how hard it is to face all this?
Do you have any idea the loss I'll endure because of your foolishness?
Falak... if I had known that you were pregnant, I would never have launched you.
Falak, do you have any idea how upset you've made me?
You've destroyed your career with your own hands.
This pregnancy has put a full stop on your career before it even got started.
For God's sake Maria... don't say this.
Don't worry me...
You're the one who is worrying me.
If I had worked so hard on someone else.
Enough... I didn't call you...
to taunt me... provide me a solution for this.
Come by the office and we'll talk there. Bye!
Thank you.
This moment is so beautiful, right? I'll be sad once you leave.
If only you weren't going.
Again with that sadness.
I have every right to be sad.
If it weren't important, I would never have gone.
Mother called me today... she asked for my presence immediately.
Brother Raheel's business has endured major losses.
I fear that it won't take much time.
What do you mean?
Meaning... it can take more than three or four months. I'm just being careful.
Please don't scare me...
It was hard for me to convince myself. I told myself that it was only four months...
If you take more time than that, then I'll die.
I swear I'm very worried. But what can I do?
It's a widespread business and it takes time to wind up.
I will try my best to wind up everything quickly and come back to you.
I promise you that as soon as this time passes...
I will give you so much love that will make you forget everything.
I will take care of you so much...
you will wonder if we ever had any problems to begin with.
I swear... after we get married I won't let any tears come to your eyes.
Stop crying... everyone is crying.
Falak...
What happened? Why are you like this?
Really? I'm crying over my fate.
What happened, tell me about it.
I was offered a film, but I refused.
Because of my pregnancy.
My dear sister, what is there to be so worried about?
You did what you thought was right. Focus on your health and take care of yourself.
Once you get done with this, you can focus on your career.
Did you talk to Kabir?
No... I called him all day, but he didn't pick up.
I don't know why he's doing this.
How can I make him understand that for any girl, her first priority is her family?
I've left working on films... but he doesn't believe me.
If you try affectionately, then he'll believe you.
There's no point... the distance between us keeps growing.
Sister Aliyah will never let us be happy. She can't stand to see us happy.
The last few weeks were hell for me in that home.
She's a lying woman... one doesn't even do what she did to me, to an enemy.
She doesn't seem like that.
She appears to be such a sweet person.
That is what she shows... I know her real face.
She acts sweet in front of everyone. But when we're alone she only spews poison at me.
Do you think I'm lying? Like Kabir, do you think that whatever I say regarding sister Aliyah, is a lie?
I'm not saying that you're lying. I know that you've faced a lot.
Sometimes... one can't seem to accept the truth.
I pray that God shows you the day...
when you see that woman's real face. Like it dawned on me.
At least then you won't think that I lie to you all.
I'll talk to mother, I'll ask her to talk to Kabir and Aliyah.
You will not have to endure anything now.
Rest up... go to sleep... it's late.
Look... miss Sultana... you have a misunderstanding...
Talk to Falak... we've never done anything wrong with her at her home.
Falak... please tell her.
Sister... if we take a look at it Mr. Shirazi's proposal is very attractive.
But there is a problem... Mr. Shirazi and Hamza cannot see eye to eye.
In their fight with each other...
I don't want our company to endure a loss.
Shirazi cannot be as loyal as Hamza is to us.
Hamza trusts us blindly and you've seen how Shirazi is.
That's why I want us to distance a man like Shirazi away from our business.
You're right.
Did you talk to Hamza about this?
No... I haven't... but I'll talk to him... don't worry.
I'll take a look at a few things... I'll get back to you... but send it to me.
Send a coffee.
What did I tell you? This man cannot be trusted.
What happened?
Read it for yourself.
No one can do this vile thing other than Shirazi.
I'm sure he had this news published.
This was what I was talking about. He's forcing us to take him up on his offer.
And I won't let that happen.
This man is smarter than we think.
What's the matter? Are you worried?
What troubles can I have apart from the business?
Why are you looking at me like that?
I see that is the thing you should be worried about...
you're not worried about that at all.
I don't understand what you're talking about...
I'm talking about Kabir...
Aliyah, Falak is upset and she's at her home.
Can't you see Kabir's worries?
There is no end to business...
and life problems...
Try focusing on him as well.
You're saying that like you're the only one who cares about him and I'm only concerned with our business.
He's my only brother, who will worry about him, if not me?
Alright then... I'll visit Falak, you should come with me as well.
We'll bring Falak back... Kabir will be happy...
and your worries will end as well.
Done.
I'll come back early from work tomorrow and then we'll visit Falak.
Alright.
Shall I ask tea to be made?
Yes, but ask for it to be served here.
Falak isn't lying... I'm sure we were wrong to judge Aliyah.
Falak endured all this and she didn't let us know.
She thought if she remained silent, everything would fix itself.
One doesn't realize that one's suffocating until one starts drowning.
She endured for as long as she could.
Now her patience has ended and what option does she have apart from telling us?
Talk to her in-laws... besides her demand is not wrong.
She wants to live alone with her husband and that is every girl's right.
You're right...
besides Kabir can afford another house. Now whether we talk to them, or they talk to us...
You have to talk about one thing and that is to provide Falak with a separate home.
Forget it mother.
Kabir will never agree to it.
Why not?
If he wants to spend his life with you, he will have to do this.
Why don't you understand... sister Aliyah will provoke him even more.
I won't have a separate home, on top of that my life would become hell.
I've promised you Falak...
I will let there be any more injustice imposed on you. You've endured enough!
Mother... they think that no injustice has occurred to me.
Forget it... drop me home in a few days...
I will accept that this is my fate.
What kind of things are you saying Falak?
Sister, I don't want to worry you or mother.
Falak... Falak...
Sister, are you guys going somewhere?
Yes... we're going to take care of something important.
Is it an official dinner?
No, it's a surprise... I'll tell you when I get back... Tawqir come on, we're running late.
You're late... hurry up.
We'll meet when we come back... farewell.
What surprise could it be?
Falak... you've only consulted a single gynecologist.
I think you should have a second opinion
I have two good friends who are gynecologists, should I talk to them?
No Maria, leave it... I don't want to take a risk. Besides, it's only for a few months...
I need your help. Please support me.
Alright... Falak the movie is gone... let's just complete the ads that we've signed.
Do you understand?
I do...
Falak, I'll help you, but you'll have to promise...
that you shouldn't let your figure loose.
I don't want you to stop focusing on yourself after you have the baby.
Like you are now. I want the same look you have now.
If this changes, no matter how hard I try, no one will cast you.
No... I promise I'll take care of you. I love this career.
Good.
I'll talk to the production houses to shoot the pending shoots within the month.
What do you mean? All of the ads inside a month?
Yes... you'll put on weight in a month...
Besides, I'm trying to save your career.
If you think this is hard then leave this and sit at home.
I don't have a problem with that. I'll find a new girl within a week.
Don't be upset... I'll manage. Tell me the dates and I'll join you.
Good... that's the spirit I want.
We apologize for coming here unannounced.
I asked Tawqir to call before we arrive...
He said that there wasn't any need. 
He said that we'd come here and take our daughter-in-law back.
Falak, how are you?
Why didn't Kabir come along?
No... he doesn't know that we're here. Tawqir wanted to surprise Kabir...
We came here without telling him.
Sister...
Where are you going? Please sit here.
Falak has been here for a while and we're here to take her back.
Please end whatever conflict there is Falak.
Besides... girls shouldn't be at their parent's home, they should be...
with her husband.
Exactly...please send Falak with us.
Aliyah has organized a small party for Falak... so please...
Mother and I wanted to visit you.
Before we send Falak back to you, we need to clear our a few things...
Sure, what is it?
I cannot send Falak with you guys.
Why? Why not? 
Whatever Kabir said was out of anger and for that Aliyah and I apologize.
We've come here with a lot of hope of bringing Falak back.
If you want to take Falak back with you, then ask Kabir to buy a separate home for her.
I will not send Falak back to that home again.
My daughter isn't a burden on me,
What are you saying? If we've made a mistake, then please forgive us.
How many things should I forgive? 
I married my daughter into your home, thinking that you were educated people.
I thought that you would cherish my daughter...
I didn't even think that things would be so unjust and cruel to Falak in your home.
I don't understand what you're saying.
What cruelty has been imposed on her? 
We've always treated Falak like a daughter.
We've never treated her badly.
If you had treated her like a daughter...
then you would have asked Kabir to take care of her.
I've told you what my decision is...
Falak will not go inside that home... 
Falak will only leave when Kabir buys her another house...
Let me make this clear to you...
 my daughter isn't a burden on me
Look... miss Sultana you have it wrong. 
Ask Falak... we've never been unjust to Falak in that home.
Falak, please tell them.
Aliyah... don't be offended by it...
It's Falak's right to have a separate home.
Try and understand... one day or the other you have to separate from your brother
That's how the world works... everyone leaves at one point or another. 
I think you should deal with this gracefully.
At least this way you'll salvage your relationship with your brother. 
What's the problem with that?
Mother I'm tired, I'm going to my room.
I'll have tea made for you.
No need... please allow us to leave.
What you said was right.
Do you see what kind of liars these people are?
First, they made my life hell in that house 
and now they've come to take me back like they are my family.
It's good you told us... you opened our eyes, otherwise, how would we have known?
Our decision is correct, you will not return there.
You have no idea... whatever that happened today...
they will exaggerate it and tell Kabir.
He's already upset with me and now things will get worse.
Don't worry... if Aliyah does that mother and I will handle it.
There's no need for you to worry... alright?
Look at me...
Rest... okay?
I still cannot believe it. 
What cruelty did we impose on her?
Lord knows what she told her family.
The way she tried turning you and Kabir against me...
you didn't listen to her. Obviously, they are her family...
they believed whatever she told them.
Call Kabir right now and ask him to listen to me.
Tawqir... don't mention this to Kabir... 
he doesn't even know that we went there to bring Falak back.
He's already upset, telling him will make things worse.
Aliyah, I don't think you have any idea how angry I am.
Tawqir... spit out your anger.
How can I?
We went there to bring her with love and they disrespected us. 
How dare they spoke to us like that.
Are you calling Kabir here, or should I go to him?
Alright... at least try calming down your anger.
What's the matter, sister? Why are you so angry?
Kabir it's nothing... leave... I'll talk to you later.
No.
We'll talk right now.