You did this because of me, but now I'm asking you to remove your investment.
I want Kabir's life to be destroyed, like he did mine.
I want him to feel the same pain that I did.
Kabir Salahuddin... who is the owner of a big food chain, divorced me a while ago.
People should know how vile he is, even though he seems kind and honorable.
There is no need to say anything to Falak, whatever she had said was right.
Mother had a heart attack because of you.
She's fighting life and death because of you.
She couldn't tolerate her daughter lying to her.
Mother, what is it? Are you alright?
Falak...
I can't...
believe...
that she lied.
Focus on your health, don't think about anything else.
I trusted her.
I trusted on my upbringing
Nothing was lacking in how you raised us.
Some people are ungrateful, no matter how much you love them they don't value it
I don't think...
that I will survive.
What are you saying? You'll be completely fine. May God bless you with good health
Take care of Ilhaam
Make her like you.
Mother, you will take care of her.
I promise that I will take care of her.
Forgive me.
Forgive me.
I should have listened to you, but I didn't
why are you making me a sinner
oh God...
Mother... mother, what's happening?
Excuse me doctor... nurse! Doctor!
mom, one second
Please take a look at my mother, something is happening to her.
Doctor, look at her.
Mom....
I'm sorry, she's no more.
No... You're lying...
Doctor, listen to me...
Hello...
What? What are you saying?
From God we came and to Him we shall return.
What happened Kabir?
Auntie Sultana had passed away.
What... when?
From God we came and to Him we shall return.
Just a while ago, from a heart attack.
I think we should go there.
Yes.
Sister, have you forgotten the allegations that Falak had put on me?
Not once did auntie Sultana say that she was wrong, quite the opposite she was trying to prove us wrong.
She was Falak's mother... she was forced to take her side. She was not at fault.
Any mother would have done the same.
Aliyah is right, we should go there.
What are you here for? Do you guys have any shame?
Falak, everyone is looking at you.
I'm here to offer my condolences, after that I'll leave. There's no need to create a scene.
No one needs your sympathy here. It would be better if you all leave! Go away!
You had shoved me out of my house. Because of you people, I lost my mother!
You murdered my mother!
It's an old habit of yours to blame others for your mistake.
This is the truth, all of you did this to us.
We don't need you here! Go away!
Falak is right... after what you've done to Falak, you guys should not be here
Don't get in between this, stay away.
Get out of here... I will not let you see my mother's face.
Enough Falak!
I know the truth very well.
Falak is right...
Ask them to leave right now.
Hamza, please...
I don't need any scenes at my mother's funeral.
If anyone has an objection to anyone's presence, they can leave.
A few days ago your mother had some changes made in the will.
As per the will her entire property belongs to her two daughters.
Niwal and Falak.
What do you mean?
What I'm saying is right... both of you sisters have an equal share.
But how can that be... Sultana can never do this.
She's the one who had called me here and asked me to write down the will.
This house is part of her property and it belongs to both of her daughters.
She didn't want to be unjust to any one of them.
Can I take a look?
Why not? Sure...
Look at this...
Thank you so much.
Allow me to leave. If you want to discuss anything, please call me.
Alright, thank you.
I didn't expect Sultana to be so foolish. I will talk to the lawyer.
You are not the lawful inheritor of this property,
I don't object to mother's decision and you shouldn't say anything as well.
Does it make no difference to you?
Without asking you Sultana gave Falak half the property.
This was Falak's right...
Mother made a good decision.
Falak is not my real sister, but I have always considered her like that
I cannot even think of stealing her right from her.
You've already given her too much.
She couldn't possibly pay back your favors.
We did her no favors.
Whatever she got she had a right over it.
All of this is yours, why don't you understand that?
Auntie, I just want your prayers.
Pray for me, that's it.
Falak and I have bothered you a lot.
Not at all. Daughters are like birds...
their singing brings joy to one's home.
Seems like it was just yesterday that you were a small kid.
and used to run here & there. Now you're older and will get married.
My house will be so empty.
What are you here for? Have you guys no shame?
No one here needs your sympathy.
It would be better if you guys leave. You guys shoved me out of your home...
because of you all my mother passed away. You guys killed her!
Falak is right. After what they did to Falak...
you guys shouldn't be here.
It was shocking news that Sultana died.
When Hamza told me I couldn't believe it. She was perfectly fine when I talked to her a few days ago.
She was perfectly fine...
she was talking... out of nowhere her heart started hurting.
The doctor said that she was out of danger. But...
Be strong Nawal... this is all the life she had.
It's so strange
how a person can leave this world in such a quick instance.
She was such a lovely lady.
May God give her heaven and make the rest of her endeavors easier.
Niwal... you are so brave...
I can't believe that my mother is gone.
Don't cry, my dear.
Crying hurts the soul of the one who has passed away.
Be strong, all of us are with you.
Good girl.
I heard that poor Falak is divorced, how's her daughter?
Thank God she's fine.
I know that the two of you are very alone after your mother's passing.
But I'm like your mother as well.
I'm like your mother. If you need anything...
don't feel that you're alone.
Nazish is like your sister. Both of us are with you.
hmm?
It will be okay.
Come in.
Is Mr. Kamal here for the meeting?
No sir, he isn't here.
Why not? Wasn't he supposed to be here?
His secretary called, he won't be coming.
But why?
His secretary said that he is hesitating to work with us after miss Falak's press conference.
Alright... you can leave.
Thank you.
It's so embarrassing that Kabir had this kind of behavior with Falak.
You are a woman, you shouldn't have supported Kabir in this.
Whatever allegations Falak has made are lies.
Kabir loved her... he respected her.
But the way Falak was crying, it seemed like she was telling the truth.
You know us well...
Kabir is not like this. He's an educated person.
He knows how to respect women. How could you say this?
The things that are being said about you guys in the society...
I thought Falak was speaking the truth.
the thing is even if the entire city supports a bunch of lies,
that doesn't make it the truth. It will always remain a lie.
Alright, why are you being angry? I just mentioned it.
I heard that Falak created quite the scene at her mother's funeral.
Neelum I'm busy right now, I'll talk to you later.
Greetings*
Kabir, how come you're home early? Is everything alright?
I just don't feel well.
Didn't you have a meeting with Mr. Kamal? How was it?
I didn't have that meeting.
He canceled it.
He had canceled it, But why?
He believed what he heard.
It's because of the allegations that Falak put on me.
Come here...
Why are you playing with her?
Ask Falak to take care of her. She's her mother.
She's on the phone all day, she has no time for her daughter.
What's with you, auntie? What's the difference?
She doesn't do anything. At least she can take responsibility for her.
It brings me joy.
That's why I pick her up... don't say such things.
That's exactly the reason why she is so bold.
Alright, don't be angry at me.
I'm not being angry, I'm trying to make you understand.
What you're doing is wrong... you're spoiling her and later you will regret it.
Auntie before mother died made me promise that I would take care of Ilhaam
Whether Falak takes care of her or not, I have to fulfill her promise.
That's fine...
but she's her mother. She should realize her responsibility.
If she doesn't, then we need to make her realize it.
After a woman is divorced it is compulsory for the man to pay the alimony
I know the law, that's why I won't be pressurized.
I was disappointed to hear auntie's death
She was your only support.
She supported you a lot.
She was the only one
She left as well. Now I feel that I have no support.
One more time I'm alone.
Be strong Falak.
What have you decided? What will you do now?
Nothing... I haven't decided anything.
Miss Falak...
She's your daughter, right?
Falak, don't take this the wrong way.
Kabir divorced you and you brought her with you.
You're such a fool. You've freed him and he'll remarry.
Your life has been ruined. You will raise her for the rest of your life.
You won't be able to go anywhere. You will be restricted.
And your career...
by the way, have you taken anything from Kabir after the divorce or not?
What does he have to give?
Oh my God Falak! You are so stupid!
You could have had a great sum during the settlement.
And what about your alimony? I'm sure he gave that to you.
No... I didn't take it.
What?
You didn't even take your alimony as well. How much was it?
Fifty lacs.
Oh Falak, I've never seen a greater fool than you.
You didn't do the things you were supposed, rather you did the things that you weren't supposed to.
Falak talk to them and ask for your alimony.
This is not a meager sum, you can do a lot of things with that money.
You've been divorced, at least you should gain something from this.
You're right.
I didn't think about this. I acted like an emotional mess.
Get the money first, then I'll tell you where to invest it.
Thank you, Maria... you opened my eyes.
I will do the same.
Most welcome... if they don't agree, then tell me.
I have a good lawyer, I'll give you his number and you can talk to him.
My dear... I'm ashamed...
I couldn't be at Sultana's death. You know, I was not well.
Uncle, please... I understand, don't be ashamed.
When I got better, the doctor allowed me to walk.
I came right here. Sultana was my only sister.
When I heard of her death, I wanted to be at her funeral.
But...
I couldn't see my sister's face one last time.
Safdar be patient... all of us have to leave one day.
Pray for Sultana's forgiveness... if you keep crying like this, you'll get sick.
She's right, don't cry, you'll be unwell.
My dear... there is no need for you to worry. Pray to God to give me health.
I will visit you frequently.
After mother, you're the only one I have. I will pray for your health.
I hope God gives you a life where you watch over us.
Amen.
Auntie, couldn't you stay for a few more days?
My dear, your uncle is in therapy.
After he gets better... I'll come here with you
My heart will be diverted towards you.
I was strong while you were here.
What will I do alone when you leave?
Don't worry, I'll call you every day...
You need to be strong...
Oh my God Falak! You are so stupid!
You could have had a great sum during the settlement.
You didn't take your alimony. I've never seen a bigger fool than you in my life.
You didn't do the things you were supposed, rather you did the things that you weren't supposed to.
Ask for your alimony. This is not a meager sum, you can do a lot with it.
Maria is right, not once did it occur to me.
Fifty lacs...
This is not a meager amount.
I can do a lot with it. What did I gain by marrying Kabir?
I should at least get my right!
I'm surprised at the people.
A woman lies with tears in her eyes and everyone believes her.
Sister, we've endured such a great loss, I don't know how we'll recover it.
You... how dare you come here?
I don't like coming here as well. I need to talk to you.
Get out of here... otherwise, I'll shove you out.
Wait, Kabir.
What is it?
I need my alimony.
What?
Why are you so surprised?
I need my alimony...
the fifty lacs that you didn't give me.
I need them...
What alimony are you talking about? This relationship ended because of you.
Really, because of me? I didn't take the divorce, but you gave me
And in that circumstances, the man must pay the alimony... I know the law.
That's why I won't be pressured by you. It would be wise if you give me my alimony.
Otherwise...
Otherwise, what will you do?
I will file a case.
On you.
Alright... you want your alimony... I will give it to you.
But before that, you will need to do another press conference...
You will have to tell everyone that you lied. You have to tell the truth to everyone!
We've endured a great loss because of you.
So? Do you think I'm a fool?
I will not do anything like that.
Alright then, forget your alimony
I will ensure to get my alimony
No matter what.
Hello Maria... I need that lawyer's number, please send it to me.
Thank you.
Greetings... Maria gave me your number.
I wanted to talk about a case.
but Kabir, you did already paid her the alimony's amount, right?
No, I didn't.
She said that she would take it when she needed it. I kept it to the side.
But when the company started declining, I invested in the company.
Tawqir... do you have that amount in your account?
If I had known earlier, I would have arranged something but...
it's not possible right now.
I told you that our company is opening up offices in Germany. All the money has been invested there.
If Falak files for this case, this will be a huge problem.
Our image is already ruined.
All people need is a chance to talk.
Things like this will harm the company, that's why I don't want this reaching court.
We should sort this, outside of the courtroom.
Fifty lacs is a huge sum.
All my money is in the market and I can't take it out.
The company's account doesn't have that amount as well.
Where will we get the money from?
Don't worry.
We'll do something.
I know Falak is doing this on purpose.
She knows that we are in a bad position.
Kabir divorced you and you brought her back. This will free him to remarry.
Your life has been ruined, you'll raise her for the rest of your life. You won't be able to go anywhere.
You will be restricted.
Why are you here with her? Take her to the other room!
but maam
Enough! Go away!
Sir... your courier is here.
What is it? Why are you worried?
Falak has sent a notice to pay the alimony.
The situation is getting out of control.
She has given me a week.
from where we will arrange such an amount in a week?
I don't understand anything.
I'll talk to the lawyer. Don't worry, Let's see what he says.
Take care of her... I'm not her nanny.
Why should I take care of her day and night?
She's your daughter...
Should I die for her? Mother brought her here, I had already left her
You stay at work all day and leave me in this hell.
Do you have any idea what you're saying?
What should I do? My life has been turned to hell!
I know you guys brought her here so that I couldn't live peacefully. 
I can't tolerate this anymore, take care of her!
Zakiya... 
yes maam
Ilhaam is sleeping in my room. When she gets up ask Falak to feed her and give her medicine. I've kept it above the drawer.
Sure miss.
Have breakfast.
I'm not hungry, I'll eat at work if I have to. Check up on Ilhaam.
Sure, don't worry.
Farewell.
Sorry, one second.
What is it Zakiya?
Miss...
What happened, why are you crying?
I don't know what's happened to Ilhaam.
What happened to Ilhaam? Is she alright?
Niwal, what happened?
I don't know what's happened to her, she has turned blue.
And on top of that, she's vomiting.
Where's Falak? Tell her, I'll be right there.
She's outside, she's not picking up. Her phone is off.
Hurry on home. I don't know what to do.
Don't worry... I'm coming.
Try to stop her from crying. Keep your phone on. I'll be right there.
Niwal, what happened to Ilhaam?
She's not feeling well, I have to go home
I'll come with you.
Come on.
Zakiya...
What happened to her?
She won't stop crying.
I fed her the milk that miss Falak made for her.
I think we should take her to the doctor. Bring this with you,
Kabir... don't worry... Ilhaam will get better.
She has small hands... 
she'll be in pain when they apply a drip to her. How will she bear it
Kabir, this is part of the treatment. It will make her feel better.
I knew it... I knew that she wouldn't be able to take care of my daughter. 
That's why I didn't want to send her away.
She is ungracious. 
She doesn't care about anyone but herself.
Once my daughter is well... I'll keep her with me.