What is it? You're out so late at night.
Nothing brother. I felt suffocated in the room so I came outside.
Did you talk to Falak?
I did.
What did she say?
She doesn't want to come back.
She wants a divorce.
What?
Kabeer you know what you're saying.
What can I say?
Her demand is that either I shift with her in a new house or I should leave her.
I had doubts this would happen.
Aaliya's stupidity has ruined everything. I can't blame Falak.
She's a human being. How much will she tolerate?
I don't understand what should I do? I cannot decide.
Kabeer you'll have to decide today or tomorrow.
Things have gone worse and its useless to try Aaliya and Falak to understand. Its no use.
Brother, whatever happens, I will not live separately from you.
What are you saying?
You're my brother, my life. Nobody can separate us.
Don't take out any such thing of your mouth, ever again. Alright?
Thank you.
Everything will be alright. If God wills.
Come on. Come along.
You go. I'm coming.
See Aaliya I know you're unwell and upset but still.
If not anyone, you should think about Kabeer.
You said so many things to Falak in front of him.
Its wrong.
I got angry.
You don't realize but things have gone worse.
Falak doesn't want to come to this house. She has given Kabeer two options.
A separate house or a divorce?
What?
Yes. See Kabeer loves Falak very much and I don't want,
my younger brother to lose happiness for the rest of his life.
The testing times he is facing right now, there's only one way out.
You should go and bring Falak back to the house.
See once Falak is back, everything will be alright. Trust me.
At times some of our decisions create differences in relationships.
This is why I'm here myself.
I am embarrassed at the way I reacted. Whatever happened shouldn't have happened.
You have realized your mistakes, its enough for us.
Please call Falak and ask her to go home with me. Everybody is upset there.
Why are you here?
Who let her inside the house, mom?
Falak, sit down and talk.
You don't know what she did with me. She made me fall down in Kabeer's eyes.
And she accused me of so many things.
Tell mom and Nawal what you did to me. She acts good in front of you.
Aaliya has realized her mistakes. She is here to apologize
She is an egoistic woman. She won't apologize to anyone.
Nawal and mom, I'm telling you she's planning something else to take me home.
No Falak. I just want to take you home and live peacefully.
Only fortunate people can live peacefully if you're around.
Mom tell her to leave our house immediately.
The pain I've borne because of her, I don't want my enemies to suffer like that too.
Falak sit down and listen to her at least.
I don't want to hear anyone out. She can never want good for me.
Mom you don't have to listen to her.
See, like I've forgotten everything and I'm here to take Falak home.
Please I request the same from you people. Forget whatever happened in the past and move on.
Until Kabeer gets a separate home, I'll not go back.
Alright.
I wanted you to come back home.
There's still time Falak.
Care for Kabeer's love for you. Relationships are like old locks.
If you don't open them for long, they'll catch rust.
No keys then work. The only way out is to break them.
Allow me to leave.
Bye.
She is a liar.
What is your problem, Falak?
You people cannot force me.
If you people think I'm a burden on you and you don't want me here, I'll leave from here as well.
You have lost your mind, Falak. You speak what you want.
Aaliya is the elder of that house. She came to apologize. What else do you want?
People have to compromise to live a happy life.
You have to deliberately act blind and deaf at times.
You can do that.
We're trying to make you understand something.
Are you looking at her?
This girl is always doing this. She doesn't understand. She always does as she pleases.
Give me a day or two. I'll try to make her understand.
Such small arguments happen in every home.
We have to ignore to settle happily. She'll tell Kabeer everything and things will get worse.
This girl never understands. What should I do about her? Nawal go and look at her.
Yes.
I went to Falak's house to bring her back but she said no.
Aaliya you should talk to Sultana aunty. She would have made her understand.
She was there.
She answered rudely in front of her.
Toqueer see I went there because you said so and for Kabeer's happiness.
But, Falak has decided that she'll live separately.
You should talk to Kabeer. If he wants to shift as well, we're happy for him.
I was thinking about you
I spend every second painfully without you.
I told you to come back but its your choice to go through this pain.
Kabeer why don't you understand my feelings?
I am asking for my right. I'm not asking for anything wrong. Tell me whats wrong about it?
I don't understand why such a well educated man is thinking so much to take a decision.
Because I'm not ungrateful Falak.
And I've told you a thousand times. My life, my money, everything I have is because of Touqeer and Aaliya.
If the two hadn't been in my life, I wouldn't have been where I am.
Aaliya taught me how to walk. How can I be ungrateful?
They didn't do you a favor.
She has half the share in her business.
She hasn't claimed a share in the business. Its all in my name. She is just a spoken partner.
Her name is not there on the documents.
She isn't greedy for all that and yet she helps me and supports me.
That's why Falak, listen to me with open ears. Don't force me. I'll never shift to another house.
Its up to you now. Tell me whatever you decide.
Kabeer...
All my hard work, all my drama went to waste. I'll have to think something.
I cannot let my hard work go waste.
Dear, small arguments happen in homes.
Learn to ignore everything. The beauty of relationships is in forgiveness.
If something happens, we should just ignore.
Okay?
Yes aunty.
Take care.
Lets go Falak.
Lets go.
Alright bye.
Bye.
Bye mom.
Take care.
May God make my daughter happy.
Lets go.
I'm happy you're back. You decided well
Everybody wanted me to come back.
So I had to be back.
But its only for a little while.
What do you think? Will I do what everyone wants?
Not at all. I'll do what I want. Whatever I've thought for myself.
We should have a twist in the story. Don't worry. I'll add the twist.
I promise you. You'll tell me yourself one day to live in a separate house.
Live separately.
Oh Falak. When did you come?
You did good.
What is it? You're standing here. All good.
Yes. Everything is alright.
I was just telling Aaliya that if we have to live in the same house, why don't we,
forget everything and live together.
We should respect and love each other because we have to live together.
You're right. A woman makes a house, home.
And its a woman who can make a house, a hell.
Oh well, its up to you two to decide,
whether you two can live peacefully in this house together.
Otherwise we do have an option of a separate house.
No Touqeer what are you saying? We will not go anywhere. Kabeer and I will always be with you.
Aaliya. Learn something from Falak.
You're right. I have to learn a lot from Falak.
I made the biggest mistake of my life bringing you in this house.
If only I could rectify my mistake.
Aaliya, why did you slap me? Should I tell everyone?
That you slapped me?
I see fear in your eyes clearly. Why do you talk so bitterly? Please don't.
I don't tolerate such bitter things. Please relax, I'll not tell anyone.
Did you talk to Falak?
No I called but she didn't answer. Maybe she's busy.
Call again. I don't know if someone talked again.
I'll ask but I hope nobody would say anything or else she'd call again.
That's true. I tell that girl to ignore things.
It will make her life easy. But this girl never understands.
Its alright. Don't worry. I'll make her understand.
Alright. Get me tea. Please.
Alright, give me five minutes.
Thank you.
What is it? You're quiet.
Nothing. Its just..
Aaliya please don't say anything to Falak now.
Things have settled down with a lot of difficulty so please.
Do you think I'm so stupid? I'm sensible enough.
You're very sensible but you get emotional at times.
By the way, I'm happy that Falak decided to come back. Did you notice Kabeer?
His face has its smile again. He's happy by the grace of God.
He is happy.
Aaliya, thanks. You made me proud.
I can do whatever it takes for the happiness of my house. You don't have to thank me.
I know it wouldn't have been easy for you to let go of your demand of a separate home.
But still, you respected what I said. I'm happy for that.
Thank you.
How couldn't I? I love you.
You know what? I was scared for a moment.
I was thinking that if you became egoistic and stubborn, what would happen then?
Ego and persistent is out of the question.
I know you're helpless otherwise you'll never turn down what I ask for.
I met Aaliya before I came upstairs. She,
talks so politely. I didn't believe she's the same woman who,
Kabeer I don't understand how she changes.
She isn't feeling well. Maybe she reacts this way because of that. She has mood swings perhaps. By the way,
if you say something to your angrily or if she scolds you, you should ignore. Don't answer back.
I ignore such things she say. Always. And I'll keep doing that.
We have to live together. We have to bear one another.
So my wife is talking so sensibly now. I think she's sensible enough.
Very good. I'm impressed.
Did Aaliya create any trouble? Did she say anything?
No. Nothing yet. It'll be peaceful for a few days.
That's good. We're at least not worried about you now. Take care.
And listen, if something happens, don't answer back. If you answer back, things could get worse.
Why is everyone making me understand?
As if I did everything. Nothing happened because of me earlier or now.
Its Aaliya who wants to take Kabeer away from me.
If it is so, don't give her a change.
If she has a positive behavior with you, you keep your behavior positive too.
Kabeer promised he'd take care of you.
Yes. Everything sounds good from afar
Had my husband been good, things wouldn't have come to this point.
I kept banging my head. I always think what type of husbands listen to their wives.
I was so happy before I got married that I didn't have a mother in law.
But now I have one sister in law Aaliya, who is equal to ten mother in laws.
Oh God.. Where am I trapped?
Falak, don't be so ungrateful.
Expect good from God. People change in no time but we need to try ourselves too.
You should act with love and graciousness and everybody will love you.
Whether Kabeer or Aaliya.
I cannot flatter anyone.
I cannot be like you. I'll only respect someone who respects me. Its straight.
Falak, why do you see everything with your angle? Why can't you listen to me for once?
Alright. I'll listen to you.
Good girl.
Tell hello to mom from me. I'll talk to you later. Bye.
Its the question of my son's life. Please understand.
What is all this noise?
Stay here, I'll go and ask. Wait here.
I need to discuss something very important. Its about my son's life.
What are you doing here?
Nawal dear. I want to talk to you. Listen to me for two minutes.
Nawal mam, I tried to stop her but she barged inside.
I'll leave.
Let me talk once.
What it is? Tell me.
Dear, I beg of you. Please forgive me.
What are you doing?
Forgive me dear.
Please get my son out of jail. The police isn't letting him go.
God knows what cases he's being charged with. I tried but he isn't getting out.
Please get him out.
I didn't get your son arrested.
I know but you can get him out.
I'm worried dear. Since Asjad has gone to jail, we've been ridiculed.
I cannot do anything.
Dear, don't be so cold hearted. I tried for a bail but we're not getting one.
I agree we wronged you, dear. But see,
we have been punished.
Alright. Fine. I,
will try. I cannot promise but I'll do what I can.
May God keep you happy, dear.
Lock the door.
Keep it there.
Falak, now that you're back. Get back with your responsibilities.
Please see that the food is ready on time. Everybody eats at home.
Why are you asking me? Tell the servants.
Touqeer gave you the responsibility of the house so I'll ask you.
And you'll be deciding the menu. The servants won't cook.
I'm not a servant here.
People will do what they want to do.
When did I say you were a servant?
I can understand the taunt in your tone.
Tell me openly whatever you want to say. I want to know whats going on in your brain.
Why do you misunderstand everything?
When you have the responsibility to run the house, do it. You made tall claims then.
Now since you have the house, do the chores.
You cannot order me around.
I'm asking you lovingly, not ordering you around.
Let Kabeer come. I'll tell him how you're treating me.
What did I tell you? You only know how to spread chaos and nothing else.
Do you have any proofs?
You should understand that if Kabeer wanted to live separately he would have done so when you asked for it.
But he wants to live with us and you'll be living here too.
Live peacefully and let us live peacefully too. I'll be back in a while.
Asjad's mom came to our house. She said the police wasn't letting Asjad go.
Its good. He should stay inside. He deserves it.
She was crying. She begged me. I was sad.
Why were you sad?
What they did to you, you should be happy.
He could do the same thing with someone else, after you.
But I have forgiven him Hamza.
Your silence turned Asjad into a lion.
Had you gotten him arrested before, he would have sense knocked into him.
I felt embarrassed when I looked at the hung shoulders of Mrs. Nausheen. I think they have learned their lesson.
Talk to someone and get Asjad out.
Are you sure?
Alright. I'll get him out. I think he should have been in jail for at least six months.
Oh wow. I smell something wonderful today.
How are you, little one? Falak where are you going? Have dinner
.
No Kabeer I'm not hungry.
Why Falak?
What happened?
Nothing happened. Please eat. Its nothing.
What happened? Tell me.
Even if I tell you, what would happen. Its nothing.
Did you say anything?
I didn't say anything. I just came back in front of you.
Falak, see if there's nothing, why are you worrying us all? Come and eat.
Kabeer I told you.
Aaliya doesn't want to see me in this house.
She cannot tolerate me in front of her. Why did you bring me back?
Falak I didn't lie to you.
Aaliya went to bring you back yourself.
And if someone wants to bring you back themselves, why would they say anything?
Ask her. She misbehaved with me today. She called me a servant.
She said Toqueer gave you this responsibility because I'm the servant of the house.
Falak, I didn't say anything to you.
How can you lie? 
Ever since you gave me the responsibility of the house, she's always taunting me. 
I don't want anything. Give her back the responsibility.
I'm sorry but enough is enough. Falak is lying one after another thing. 
Why do you want to create differences in the house?
Aaliya..
Relax please. Calm down. Falak, Aaliya cannot say this.
I believe you made a mistake in hearing this. I know her very well.
She never talked to our servants like this. How would she say such a thing to you?
You think I'm lying? Don't you trust me?
Kabeer God bears my witness. I only asked Falak to get the dinner going on early today.
Everybody eats at home. 
The servants don't cook themselves, you have to tell them the menu. I don't know what she heard or understood.
Yes mommy's right. Mom didn't say such a thing. She isn't lying.
See Falak, you are holding misunderstandings in your heart without a reason. 
I believe you misunderstood what you heard.
You're right. I might have made a mistake. I'm sorry.
Its okay.
Now go freshen up. Your eyes are red with all the crying. Come. We'll eat.
Please sit down.
Had Hafsa not been here, you wouldn't have believed me.
Its not that. We cannot judge the truth from someone's tone. 
Alright now, everyone sit and eat.
I'm sorry but enough is enough. Falak is lying one after another. 
Why do you want to create differences in the house?
Yes mommy's right. Mom didn't say anything. She isn't lying.
Its sad Falak.
 Everybody made you understand and yet you created a drama as soon as you're back. 
Stop it now.
Lies and dramas are not always successful. Sometimes you fall on your face.
Wins and losses are part of a game. 
I might have lost this time but I won't lose the next game.
Its your luck that I lost.
You're here and so am I. We'll see who wins.
No matter how much you plan. Remember that truth prevails and lies are unmasked one day.
You still have time Falak, change yourself. 
Drop your planning and cheap plotting. Kabeer loves you. If not anything, care for his love for you.
You worry too much about Kabeer.
I will make you cry so much that you'll beg me to leave this house.
You should go. But you want to take Kabeer along,
you can take him along. I have no objections.
But now I don't want to go anywhere.
Now I want you to leave this house. Kabeer and I will live here.
Because officially, Kabeer owns all the business, this house and everything. 
You're just stuck to my husband without a reason.
Mind your tongue.
I'll stage doom's day for you and you will be buried in the ground along with this house.
All your pride and ego will be buried.
I can pull out the ground from beneath your feet whenever I want. Remember this.
I am telling you to just wait for that time.
There are wins and losses in a game. 
What if I lost this game, I might not lose the next one.
Its your luck that I lost.
I'll make you cry so much that you'll beg me to leave this house but now I don't want to leave this house now. You should go.
All this business and this house is Kabeer's. You own nothing. 
You're just stuck to my husband without a reason.
I'll stage a doom's day for you and bury you in the ground with this house.
I can pull the ground beneath your feet, whenever I want. Remember this.