My husband spent money to build this house. 
this house is made by his earnings & only I have the right on this house
You have forcibly taken over.
Mind your tongue. Mind it.. 
Toqueer 
Toqeer don't argue with her. 
Come with me.
Where are you going inside? Go that way. That's where you go out from.
Leave my office, now!
Alright
I'll see how long she works for you
Hello? Can I talk to Falak? 
Falak is busy shooting right now.
What did you say?
 Shoot?
Falak
Falak
Falak!
Falak
coming... 
what's with you Kabir, why are you shouting?
what happened?
did you came to office?
yes?
what have you said to sister Aliya?
Nothing! What do I have to say to her?
don't lie, Falak!
whatever you have said & done over there, I have got to know everything
what's wrong with you, Kabir. Why are you over-reacting a lot?
you are saying as if God forbid I have said something very wrong or did something very wrong
are you in your senses?
what was the need for you to misbehave with her in the office?
That is my office, I have a reputation there!
Kabir, I have not said any such thing over there which can effect your honor
you have talked so much of non-sense with her. You shouldn't have come to the office
You are right! I am restricted to go out of this house. I am restricted for everything!
I can't go anywhere! 
But she, she can go anywhere with you
she goes to the office, for the lunches, dinners... everything is happening
nobody asks her! there is no restriction on her
what do you mean by this?
I understand everything. I know everything!
Kabir, it would be better for you to let me stay quiet. Its good for your & as well as for her honor
what do you mean? What rubbish do you have in your heart?
what are you trying to say, speak up!
you won't be able to tolerate whatever I wanted to say
all hell will break loose, if I will open my mouth
What rubbish you are uttering?
its not rubbish but reality
She roams around with you at all times
she doesn't give that much time to her husband the more she spends time with you!
and you! You are always talking about sister Aliya... sister Aliya. Everyone knows about your relation
its way too beyond than a relation of a brother-in-law with sister-in-law
enough Falak!
if you utter a single word now, then I will forget our relation
you have already forgotten it long time ago. What is left now?
Its hurting you a lot because I have said it to you now, you are unable to tolerate it!
tomorrow when the entire society will speak about it then how will you stop them? How will you answer everyone?
I send curse on you & on your bad and filthy thinking
I don't want to keep any relation with such an abuser & low class thinking girl
even I don't want to live with a guy who is more concerned about his sister-in-law more than his wife
Falak! stay in your limits
you & sister Aliya have crossed the limits
Do whatever you guys want to do. 
But I am not a fool, I know everything!
what is going on in between you guys & what relation you guys have!
if you utter a single word now, then I will kill you Falak
brother, she is like my mother
and I have told her, I have told this to her on the first night of our marriage
not like mother, but like a lover...
Falak!
today, you have crossed all the limits Falak
today you have broken our relation
I, Kabir Salahuddin...  in my complete senses
Kabir!
divorce you... 
I divorce you!
I divorce you!
what does she think of herself?
won't I stay happy? Will I die without him?
I will show them by living my life
I will show them by staying happy & one day he will regret his decision
I will never come back here
what has happened, Toqeer!
We had never wanted this to happen
there is no happiness in life for the people who test relations with insensitivity
As it is.. 
what difference does it make by our consent or so
Falak didn't think for a moment... 
that what relation I & Kabir have. 
She had put such a bad allegation
Kabir is like a small kid of this family
He is precious to me like my own brother
doesn't people's heart shake? Don't they have God fear?
they forget that one day everyone has to die, what answer they'll give to God on the day of judgment
i am feeling so ashamed
how can she even think about such a disgusting thing?
why are you blaming yourself?
the way a fly sits on the garbage by leaving all the good things
the same way, some people have such nature
and unfortunately, Falak has the same nature
you guys should be ashamed!
whatever you guys did with me... finally you have achieved your goal
you have separated me & Kabir. You have snatched my happiness from me
you people will also never stay happy
never!
Handle her... now take care of her as well
what are you doing? Have you gone mad?
Why? what happened? Can't you handle her now?
after all, you like to take care of everyone
why are you taking out your hatred on this innocent kid?
everyone says that I don't take care of her
Fine, then you shall take care of her now
Falak this is not right, don't do this
I hate you, I hate Kabir.. and every member of this family
that's why I am leaving her over here
and if you cannot take care of her, then you can give her to anyone
it doesn't make any difference to me
Falak!
Hamza look, Kabir is a part of our family
He required a finance manager, and then Falak also insisted so Nawal had joined
if there is any confusion in between both of you about this matter, then clear it out
aunty, I am angry upon the fact that she should have at least discussed it with me
She didn't mentioned it at all
Hamza, you were upset with me so I thought of telling you once your mood will be alright
Ok tell me when is Ms. Sofia coming?
I had a word with her, she said that she will come soon
We'll fix the wedding date as soon as she comes back, we will not wait at all
mom... sister Nawal!
mom... 
Falak... what happened?
everything is finished mom!
what is finished? at least say something
Falak, what is finished? Tell me
Kabir has divorced me
what are you saying?
Falak!
Falak, where is Ilham?
He had snatched her from me. They took away my daughter from me
what are you saying?
but why?
mom, handle her
my child, what had happened?
they have ruined my life mom
they have snatched my daughter from me
I kept pleading them, also I had begged Kabir but he had snatched my daughter from me. How will I live without her?
how will I live now?
aunty, I think we should go & talk to him right away
how dare he to treat Falak like this?
No! now mom will go & discuss everything
She has a small baby. How can he separate a mother from her baby?
how can he be so cruel?
aunty, you should file a report in the police. Get him arrested
but why Falak, why he did this?
because of sister Aliya!
that woman had filled Kabir's ears, and Kabir didn't listened to me at all
I kept telling you guys to go & talk to them. Ask them about their cruelties & injustices but nobody had gone there
have patience my dear, everything will be fine
aunty, if Falak was telling you guys then you should have gone there. Why didn't you go?
and Nawal you! You didn't even mentioned these matters to me
if we had broken his face at that time, then he wouldn't have got the courage to do this today
Falak! Nawal, take her inside the room. Make her do the rest
come
go dear go, go inside the room
aunty, listen to me. Lets go to their house right away & talk to them. Please
No mom, there is no use of talking now
sister, take me to the room
come on
there is no need to do anything
come on
Oh God, what had happened with my daughter
I didn't had an idea that a mother can be so insensitive
what else can be expected from Falak?
to leave your own daughter like this..
there is so much of poison in her heart
I don't believe it
she is such an innocent soul...
I am restricted to go out of this house. I am restricted for everything!
I can't go anywhere! 
But she, she can go anywhere with you
she goes to the office, for the lunches, dinners... everything is happening
nobody asks her! there is no restriction on her
She roams around with you at all times
she doesn't give that much time to her husband the more she spends time with you!
and you! You are always talking about sister Aliya... sister Aliya. Everyone knows about your relation
its way too beyond than a relation of a brother-in-law with sister-in-law
Its hurting you a lot because I have said it to you now, you are unable to tolerate it!
tomorrow when the entire society will speak about it then how will you stop them? How will you answer everyone?
even I don't want to live with a guy who is more concerned about his sister-in-law more than his wife
Do whatever you guys want to do. 
But I am not a fool, I know everything!
Sakina! Noor!
yes sir
today on wards, I shouldn't see anything related to Falak in this room
whatever is her belongings in this room, throw them outside!
Okay sir
aunty & you should go to talk to them
Hamza, its quite late night now. It won't be right to go at this hour
whatever will happen now, will happen in the day time tomorrow
have you seen her condition? how she was swerving. She has a small baby, how will she spend the entire night?
so much of cruelty on a weak girl. How can he do such a disgusting act?
I can't believe that he did this disgusting act, although he is highly educated
I am feeling so angry on him, I feel like breaking his face right away but I am quiet because of you guys
Nawal, listen to me. Go & file an FIR against him, get him arrested
wherever you need my help, I am there for you
Thank you! I appreciate it. But now mom will go & talk to them tomorrow
then we'll see what will happen next
but you people will not forgive him at any cost
there is no need to be afraid of anyone, I am with you guys. Ok?
Come, I'll see you off. Come on
Ilhaam...
Kabir
yes sister
she hasn't slept as of yet? Give her to me, you have to go to the office tomorrow morning
You haven't eaten anything as well, give her to me
She was crying since so long, just now she got quiet with a lot of difficulty
Come to me my dear...
rest for some time
please change & take care
brother, she is like my mother
and I have told her, I have told this to her on the first night of our marriage
not like mother, but like a lover...
Falak!
mom, you are still awake
also you are crying. If Falak will see you like this, then how will she get the strength?
how will I give her strength, Nawal?
my own strength has ended, my child...
how will she spend such a long life? 
Such an oppression is done on her
where is she? Has she slept?
She had slept with a lot of difficulty, after taking the medicine
one day my God will take the revenge of every oppression
They did so much of injustice with my Falak, I will never forgive them
how they have annoyed my such a delicate daughter
,I will take Ilham with me, I will see that who will stop me
I will stop you!
She is my daughter, you cannot take her like that
get up my dear, come on & have some food. You haven't eaten anything since last night
I don't feel like doing anything
Falak, please eat something
you will get sick if you'll stay hungry. Come on, eat something
have patience, my dear
he was a poor-spirited guy. He didn't valued your love
but the people who doesn't value such kind of love, they spend their entire life in pain & difficulties
stop shedding your tears for him, its enough!
no matter how much I make myself understand
or try to make myself believe
but my heart doesn't agrees
that Kabir didn't took a second to make me a stranger
He had finished everything in a moment
mom, is this relation so weak?
no relation is so weak
its all about feelings
when feelings die, then relations also gets finished
Nawal & I will go there to talk to them. I will tell them that you are not an orphan
No mom, there is no need to go there
We have no relation or concern with that house or family anymore
but Falak...
No sister, swear upon my life
ensure me that you will not take mom over there
I will go there for sure
I haven't given them my daughter so that they can treat her like this!
No mom please, let it be. For my sake...
he has to answer me
I won't spare Kabir. I will go there myself to talk!
maam, Ms. Sultana is here. She is calling you
Okay, come to her. Let me see
I am coming in a while, Ok?
how come you are here?
I came to talk to you, Aliya
you shouldn't have come after whatever your daughter did, but still...
please sit, tell me whatever you want to say
what were you thinking?
is she an orphan? And nobody will come to inquire anything?
I had given you my daughter by thinking that you people are literate enough & will take care of my daughter
but this...
is this how you guys have treated her? Worse than illiterates?
I wasn't expecting this
nobody has said anything to your daughter
in fact, we have tried to take care of her by all means
but she is quite an ungrateful person!
in the middle of the night...
ousting her from the house, after divorcing her & snatching away her daughter. Do you guys call this care?
nothing as such has happened
neither anyone has snatched away Ilham from her, nor anyone had pushed or ousted her from the house
it would have been better for you to question your daughter before coming here & accusing us
we haven't snatched Ilham, instead Falak had left her on her own
oh! how come a mother leave her dearest piece of heart over here. There is no point in it
my daughter doesn't lie, and neither its in my upbringing
you are so proud of your upbringing, right?
do you know, what your daughter did?
your daughter has put a false allegation on me & sister Aliya
She has raised her finger on our relation
She has put such a bad & disgusting allegations
is this your upbringing? Is this what you have taught your daughter?
you are lying!
my Falak is not like that
I am not lying
Falak is like this, insensitive & cruel
even we used to think this way earlier
but whatever non-sense Falak had uttered
after that, I feel like the ground shall burst open & I shall get buried in it
I am unable to face myself
See, whether you want to believe us then do it. If not then don't
but whatever the truth was, we have told you
Its all your drama...
you are lying & putting false allegations on my daughter, in order to hide the truth
Falak has told me clearly that you have provoked Kabir. Kabir has divorced her because you have provoked him
we aren't putting a false allegation
it was Falak who had put a false allegation
She had misbehaved so many times earlier as well
if I had to provoke, then I would have done it at that time
she gave me thousands of chances, to separate them
if I had to separate them then I would have done it at that time. But I am not among those people
you haven't done the right thing, Kabir
You could have thought for once before taking such a big decision
if not about Falak, then at least you should have thought about Ilham
Do you have any idea, that how the children from the broken family survives?
its not right
maam, Ilham is crying a lot
take her inside, I am coming
Wait!
I will take Ilham with me
Falak had left her over here on her own
on what reason you are taking her?
if she had to take her along, then she would have taken her at that time
you people are lying!
you people have snatched the baby from Falak
She didn't left her daughter. Don't you feel ashamed while telling a lie?
and she told you all this, right?
My God! how can somebody tell so many lies? I have never seen anyone telling so many lies
it would be better for you not to take her along
She had left her like an orphan
but now, I won't even let her shadow affect on my daughter
I will take Ilham with me, I will see that who will stop me
I will stop you!
She is my daughter, you cannot take her like that
I will file a report against you people
I will take the revenge of your oppression, I won't spare you!
I will file a case against you guys
what do you guys think, there is nobody to question? 
Will I stay quiet?
do whatever you want to do
I don't care!
but I won't let you take away my daughter
let her go, Kabir
its alright
don't repeat the same mistake that Falak did
the love a mother can give her daughter, nobody else can give that
sister, what are you saying?
She had left her in front of you
and what she had said, take care of her if you want to otherwise give her away to someone!
is my daughter an orphan?
maybe her mother is dead, but her father is still alive
as I said, don't stop her
We aren't so cruel, Kabir
mom, where have you been? I was calling you since so long
what had happen?
oh God, thanks to you!
I was missing her a lot
thank God she is here
but Aliya was saying that you had left her over there yourself
they are lying, mom!
Kabir had snatched her away from me
also he had threatened me that if I will utter a word then he won't let me see my daughter's face for lifetime
is this true that you had put a false allegation on Kabir & Aliya?
they are lying, mom!
what are you saying?
I haven't put any false allegation
But... Kabir & Aliya were saying that you had put a false allegation on them
you had doubted their relation...
and due to this reason Kabir has divorced you in anger
what kind of people they are! So diplomatic!
why would I say this, mom? Am I mad or a kid?
how will I put a false allegation?
I had understood it earlier, that they are lying
I completely trust my daughter, and my upbringing
She can never utter such an inappropriate words
why do they need to lie, mom?
why will any person make such a big decision without any reason?
so you think I am lying?
Falak look, I don't know whether you are lying or not. But your behavior with Aliya is way too bad
the way you have misbehaved with her in the office, I have seen everything
and for sure, you must have said something after going to your house
mom, did you hear her? Only this was left to be heard
why will I lie?
You do believe on Kabir's words, but the way your sister is crying & telling everything. You don't believe her
it doesn't have any importance?
Falak, whomsoever I will find wrong. I will say it wrong
then whether its you or someone else
but don't know why, here it seems as if you are hiding something from us or telling a lie
what wrong have I done to you? Why are you blaming me?
just because I am not your real sister? 
You have the right, you can do it
but you are being unjust to me
Falak, I have just asked a simple question from you
that had you said something inappropriate about Aliya & Kabir? 
Yes or No!
what's there to be so emotional about?
I am not being emotional. I am feeling hurt by seeing this behavior of yours
You have believed their words, but you don't believe whatever I am saying to you
you don't trust me at all
Enough Nawal! I completely trust Falak. Enough is enough
don't cry my dear
mom, I haven't done any such thing
I know my dear, I know...
mom, I haven't done any such thing
sister, I was not in the favor to send Ilham with her
you did so wrong
you shouldn't have stopped me
small kids stay with their mother
she needs her mother's love & attention
if we haven't sent her, then it would have been an oppression on her and...
I don't want our names to be written in the list of oppressors
have you forgotten how insensitive behavior Falak had shown while leaving Ilham?
she is insensitive
but we are not
Kabir, Aliya is absolutely correct
right now Ilham is quite a small child, let her stay with Falak
don't snatch away her mother's love from her
be quiet...
what is this problem! I have already left her over there
don't know why this problem is on my head
she doesn't have to handle her, she is enjoying herself
also they have left her on me, who will handle this problem now!
be quiet
they have put this problem on my head
what's with you? Have some sense. The child has been crying since so long. Come here
I am already having a severe headache. Handle her for sometime
then feed her, she will go to sleep
I just took the medicine, I want to sleep for a while
Ask the maid to feed her, her feeder is over there
the limit! 
come with me
come on my dear...
I send curse on you & on your bad and filthy thinking
I don't want to keep any relation with such an abuser & low class thinking girl
today you have broken our relation
I, Kabir Salahuddin...  in my complete senses
divorce you...
I was sure that you will call
don't you also think like my mother & sister Nawal that I am telling a lie?
Falak, I know you cannot lie
I trust you completely
in fact, that's why I have called that you don't need to worry at all
Thank God! at least someone believes me
otherwise, everyone over here is doubting me
nobody believes me
now I think.. I wish that my parents would have been alive
then they wouldn't have let anyone raise any finger or question on me
they would have supported me
even mom & sister Nawal doesn't believe me
they think Kabir is the only one telling the truth
you can't imagine the condition of my heart right now
Falak, if I tell you that you shall raise your voice against this oppression then?
here, my own family members aren't believing me. They believe on Kabir more than me
and where my loved ones aren't listening to me, whom else do you expect to listen?
why will anyone believe me?
everyone will believe you, Falak
try to gather courage once
you have to tell the world about the oppression done on you
I want to expose Kabir in front of the entire world
he is such a renown businessman
and his actions are way too worse than an animal
what will happen by doing this?
the evil will keep on spreading until we don't drag it to his end result
Falak, do think upon my suggestion
its not here
oh Kabir, what are you doing? Leave it.
 I will do it myself, give it to me
sit quietly, I am cleaning it
Kabir, give it to me. It doesn't look good. 
Falak...
I am doing it
don't you trust me?
brother, she is like my mother
and I have told her, I have told this to her on the first night of our marriage
not like mother, but like a lover...
Falak!
Kabir, sister Aliya... I won't spare you guys!
hello!
I have thought about your suggestion
I am ready