You don't know Falak, she has a dual personality.
She is different with you and different with us.
I want everything between us to go back to the way it was.
That's not possible. The distance between us cannot be covered.
This is five years' worth of distance. Neither of us can cover it.
Poor choice Kabir. You deserve a better life partner.
You endured a great loss because of me.
It's okay Falak, forget what happened.
The boss hasn't been coming for a few days.
We have an important meeting with the client and I want to discuss something with him.
If it's that urgent, then why don't you call him?
Excuse me...
When you get married somewhere else, you'll see that I'll give up my life.
I'll hit you. Is that something that you should say? Did you feel no shame saying that?
Why are you getting upset?
Who says something like that?
I won't do it again. Cheer up.
I won't say it again.
Ma'am...
Yes?
Ma'am, the client is calling constantly, what should I say to them?
Ask the boss's P.A to contact him and let him know.
Okay ma'am
After such a long time we three have sat down together to have tea.
Yes, otherwise we're always in such a rush.
That's why I left my phone in my room.
It's good you did that.
Falak, come sit.
Should I have tea served for you?
No.
Falak you're not well, you should have stayed in your room.
I'm fine now, I felt anxious in my room alone.
Brother... she's not well, I think I should either cancel the flight or have it extended.
No... there's no need for that. I'm fine now. There's no weakness anymore.
There's no point in canceling the tickets.
I think you two should leave.
Once Falak leaves home, she'll have a different environment and she'll get better.
I'm worried about her. It will be hard to take care of her if she gets unwell there.
The entire game is falling on my head.
I agree with Kabir.
I think you guys can go once she gets better.
But our schedule will get tough by then.
We have two projects to work on. The Dubai project is about to start with Hamza.
We have back-to-back meetings with Umar Hayat. I think you two should go.
I'm sure everything will be fine. Falak feels like going as well. You should go.
Yes, Kabir, everything will be fine.
Alright... if you guys are insisting then we should go.
Sister is asking us to go and she never judges wrong.
Alright then.
Enjoy yourselves.
God willing everything will be alright. You guys will be back safe.
Thank God.
Have you guys kept everything? Are you forgetting anything?
Have you guys kept your passport?
I've kept everything.
Take care of yourselves and enjoy.
Will you guys visit aunt Sultana and Nawal?
Yes, we'll stay there for half an hour, then we'll leave.
Don't take much time, it's an international time and you need to be there four hours prior, remember?
Brother don't worry.
Don't forget to share your photos.
When is the flight?
At four.
We were on our way to the airport and decided to visit you guys.
Bless you.
Falak, shall we leave? Please allow us to leave otherwise we'll be late.
Sure, safe travels.
What should I buy for you two?
There's no need to buy anything for us.
Why? I will buy you guys a gift. Message me what you want.
Falak... when you want to gift someone, you don't ask them.
Alright, mother bye...
Be safe.
Don't bother Kabir and don't shop too much.
Shopping is my right and that I will do.
Indeed, I asked her to do a lot of shopping
Mother...
Mother... mother...
She's bleeding...
Mother...
We need to take her to the hospital.
Nawal...
Please control yourself, auntie will be alright.
What did the doctor say?
Nothing yet, the treatment is ongoing.
Nawal, what's the matter with you?
Stop.
She'll be alright, don't worry. Just keep praying.
Doctor, is my mother alright? Is she conscious?
There's nothing to worry about, she's conscious.
Apart from the head injury, there's a slight gap in her knee.
Because of this, she'll have trouble walking for a few days. She needs bed rest.
But she'll get better, right?
Don't worry, only a few therapy sessions and she'll be alright.
It's not that big, thank God that this wasn't something dangerous, otherwise an injury at this age can be dangerous.
Can I meet her, please?
We're shifting her to a room, after that, you can meet her.
Thank you, doctor.
Thank God mother is fine. We should leave, we don't want us missing our flight.
The flight is at five and it's four now, I don't think we'll make it.
We still have an hour, we'll make it.
But in international flights...
you need to be there at least 3 hours prior. It takes time to board.
By the time you reach the airport it will be half past four and boarding will be closed.
What does that mean?
Meaning, that we can't go. Our flight will be gone by the time we reach there.
I'll see how mother is.
Kabir...
Is our plan canceled, are we not going?
No Falak, we can't go.
How are you feeling now? Did she sleep?
I'm fine.
But...
I'm worried about your future.
My dear, I want to see you smiling.
I don't want you to live a lonely life.
What's happened to my future, everything is fine.
Besides... one has to lose something to gain something.
It's not necessary that one gets what they want.
I don't know about that. Give me Nawal's address, I'll go and talk to her.
There's no need for that.
Don't stall, it's already been too late.
I don't understand why you didn't tell me that you like her.
There was nothing to tell.
Don't say foolish things, Nazish has told me everything.
I know the fight between you two, I'll go and talk to her.
You're still asking for her address?
Yes, I'll go and talk to her mother.
If you had told me this before, she would have been my daughter-in-law by now.
We've wasted so much time.
I don't think you going there will do anything.
Nawal has already been engaged.
When?
A few days ago.
She engaged someone else?
Yes...
And you've put a full stop on your life? Are you insane?
What are you doing?
Hamza!
Enough of what you want, now you will listen to your mother.
Mother... how are you feeling now?
How are you feeling now?
I'm better now, thank God... why did you come here?
What are you saying? We were worried for you and praying for your well-being.
Thank God that nothing big happened.
Kabir, I'm so sorry, you guys missed your flight because of us.
You're embarrassing me by saying things like that.
How could we have left you and your mother in this situation?
This is what fate wanted. This was better for us.
Please don't create a rush and let her rest.
Okay.
Falak...
Please don't get upset... she's been up since morning. Take her home to rest. I'll stay here,
besides only one attendant is allowed.
I feel stressed and dizzy. I was so scared and stressed because of my mother.
Kabir, take me home.
If you need anything, please call us.
Thank you...
You've been so supportive.
Don't worry... we're here.
This is what one would call...
an unpredictable situation. We packed for our flight...
and we came back from the hospital.
I'm not feeling well... I don't know how I'm controlling myself.
I know you're upset because of your mother.
And you're also worried because we couldn't catch our flight.
But what could we have done?
We could have made it.
I think you didn't intend on going... and you found an excuse to get out.
What are you saying? We couldn't have made it. I think you haven't taken an international flight.
On international flights, one has to board first and we were late.
Whatever it may be... book the next flight after a few days.
I won't unpack my stuff... I had such plans.
Yes but Falak, we need to wait until auntie comes back from the hospital. Nawal might need our help.
Why would she need us? We just came back from the hospital.
Besides, sister Nawal has a habit of taking care of mother, she'll take care of her.
Alright... whatever you think is right.
Then promise me that you'll book a flight in the next few days.
Don't you trust me?
I do... more than myself.
That's the spirit.
I'll get the tickets.
Don't think too much and relax.
Enough.
You need to finish this... you need to take your medicine as well.
Is Falak not here?
She called... she said that she would come. She was asking about you.
I feel sad...
because of her, she couldn't go on her tour.
She was so happy to go abroad.
Don't take it to heart.
Just get better.
Listen... you have you finish your soup and take your medicine.
I'm going to the office for a while, but I'll be back soon.
Alright... don't worry about me. Go to work.
If you need anything, tell Zakia. Don't move until I get back.
Sure, alright.
Sir, may I come in?
These designs have been sent to my ma'am Maria, she wants the interior of her new branch changed.
Please take a look at it.
I will take a look... but have you seen the customer reviews on our website?
Yes sir... have you any idea how important customer reviews are for our business?
Why aren't the restaurant's comment cards on my table for the past two days? Is this the reason?
Get me the comment cards immediately and call a board meeting in an hour.
Okay, sir.
Hello...
How are you, Nawal?
I was upset because of mother the entire night.
How's she feeling now?
She's better, she's returned from the hospital.
I didn't find the time... I'll come to visit her once I find the time.
Where are you now?
I'm leaving for work...
Alright...
I wanted to talk to you... I was thinking of coming to your office to discuss it.
Come home... We'll talk here and this way you can meet my mother.
It will be hard for me to visit you at night. Don't worry, I won't take much time.
Okay... I'll see you there.
I'm disappointed that we've been getting complaints from our customers.
Did you take any action on this?
Yes, I've warned the staff about this.
Just a warning?
You know that these customers are our foundations. How many times have we warned them?
Three times?
Still, we're having complaints.
Yes sir.
You guys know why Kabir foods is successful.
Because of our quality and the way that we take care of our customers.
If the customers don't trust us, then how will the company be successful?
Sad... sister, tell us what is your opinion?
Should we change the staff?
It's not an easy decision, I need to think.
I want to tell you guys that Kabir and I have decided...
that this year we will go to the Dubai expo. If we want to cement ourselves in the Dubai market...
we won't find a better opportunity than this.
That is a good decision. This will boost our company.
If God is willing.
Farhan... I sent you the contact list in the morning to give to Mehreen. That was for the lineup for the Dubai meeting, what's the update?
We haven't gotten an update... one I do, I'll inform you.
I think you should put an ad for new staff hiring.
Alright?
There's are parks and restaurants for public meetings. Offices are there to work
I thought you were my sister, but what did you do to me?
Visit the site tomorrow and report to me.
Nawal... Asjad is here to meet you, I've taken him to your office.
Okay, thank you.
Hello...
I'm so sorry... I was in a meeting.
It's alright, I know you're busy. I wouldn't have come if it wasn't urgent.
What will you have?
No need for formalities.
What is so urgent?
I need your help in regards to a job.
What do you mean?
I want you to try to get Asfar a job in your company.
I've never recommended anyone.
Nor do I think it's good.
Ask Asfar to drop his CV, if there's potential, he'll get the job.
It's almost impossible to get a good job without a good reference.
Then find a job for him in your company. You can give your reference.
Of course, I can...
But I have an IT company, and he has an MBA.
 I think he'll find better opportunities in your company.
Asjad, I've told you that I've never used my reference for anyone.
Then do it now... Afsar is deserving and I'm not being unjust.
Who will we do it for if not for our family?
Can't you do this to me?
Sir...
There's are parks and restaurants for public meetings. Offices are there to work
It would be better if you kept your personal matters at home.
Show efficiency in your work.
Yes sir.
I gave you a file to prepare...
bring it to my room.
Sure.
Sorry, Asjad, you'll have to leave.
Greetings*
You're back.
Did you book the tickets?
I'm so sorry, I couldn't find the time. I'll do it tomorrow.
Kabir... it take two minutes to book it online. Why are you making excuses?
How can I make excuses in front of you?
We'll go there, I can't make you unhappy.
Then book it right now...
I've finalized the Dubai meeting. Tickets have been booked for the day after tomorrow.
That's good!
What do you mean? Are you guys going to Dubai?
Did you not tell her?
Sister... I didn't plan on things being so quick.
Falak, I'm so sorry. I don't think we can go on our honeymoon.
We need to go to Dubai, it's important.
But, you promised me Kabir that we would go to our Honeymoon. 
What would I do here alone, if you leave?
Why don't you take her? This way she'll get to visit Dubai.
Great idea! Falak you should come with us.
What will I do there? You guys will have meetings there.
We won't be in meetings all the time. We'll find enough time to spend time together and enjoy.
Sister... buy her a ticket, we'll go together.
I'll do it right now.
Thank you!
The tickets are booked. I don't want to go with you guys Kabir!
But why?
Are you asking me that?
You promised me that we'll go on our honeymoon? 
Do my wishes and your promises hold no importance?
Falak... you know that everything you say is important to me.
But it's very important. I'm not refusing.
We'll go to Dubai, have our meetings and see the sights. 
When we come back, we'll go on our honeymoon.
Why are you getting serious? I'll change and come back.
Mr. Farhan, I wanted to request you to add one more ticket.
I'll send you the details, do let me know.
Falak.... what's the matter?
Do you think you're smart? You think you're the elder of this house...
You also showcase to take care of everyone, 
so why are you so irresponsible when it comes to me?
What do you mean? Husband and wife should go on a honeymoon, not a business tour, 
are you so foolish that you don't know that?
How are you talking to me?
You forced me to speak like this!
Do you think I'm a doll that you can play with? Do you think I'll live my life according to you?
You're wrong, you might be miss perfect, but you have no right over my life.
I didn't do anything, nor have I thought to do anything like that.
You convinced Kabir so easily, that you may have your business trip...
Like I won't say anything... that I'll just happily go along with it..
There's nothing wrong with it. I thought you would feel fresh once you come with us.
Now I've learned how much you care about me. I know that you don't care about me.
You care about your business trip more than me...
This is not true.
Falak...
I care about you.
I thought you were my sister and look what you did to me...
I want to go with my husband on my honeymoon... not some business trip.
Falak...
What's the matter Aliyah? Are you feeling okay?
Yes... I'm fine...
I just felt dizzy.
You don't take care of yourself nowadays. You overwork yourself.
Yes, it was a stressful day today. I'll go and change.
You're okay, right?
Yeah, I'm good.
Aliyah!
Aliyah!
What do you mean? Husband and wife should go on a honeymoon, not a business tour, 
are you so foolish that you don't know that?
Do you think I'm a doll that you can play with? Do you think I'll live my life according to you?
You are wrong and you might be miss perfect...
But you have no right over my life.
Are you worried?
I'm sure that this is business related, because I've never seen you so worried.
Am I right?
No.
I don't know why...
but today I have a bad feeling.
What bad feelings?
You know...
how much I love Kabir...
 I want everything in his life to be perfect. Like I want it for our life.
But... I feel afraid that we might be disturbing his life.
Because of us?
Why would his life be disturbed by us? I don't see your point.
Falak has a different mindset. She's very difficult to handle.
Look, you took care of them. You treat Falak like a little sister.
To be honest I don't think she has any problem in this house or you.
By the way...
Did something happen... did she say something to you?
How I saw her today...
if you had seen it yourself, you would have understood why I have this bad feeling.
How was she?
She was so arrogant and rude!
She wanted to go on her honeymoon at all costs.
She didn't...
care about the official tour, even though she knew how important it was.
Aliyah, please don't focus on it too much.
Falak is a person who can have mood swings. She might be worried about her mother.
You should have full faith in your love.
You're right, it might be that she is worried because of her mother.
But I've decided on one thing.
I will...
send Falak and Kabir on their honeymoon. I will finalize their tickets tomorrow.
I don't want any confusion at home.
As you wish.
I'm with you.
Let's go... It's late, let's go sleep. Come.
Miss, shall I have breakfast served for you?
Yes, and call Hamza, and we'll have breakfast together.
Greetings*
My dear, you have to come to Mrs. Hamdani's party with me tonight.
Mother you know I don't like these parties.
Am I asking your opinion?
I'm ordering you... You have to come with me. Be early today.
Okay, mother... shall we have breakfast now?
Come on.
I don't know how you'll find a wife if you don't like socializing.
Let me do this.
Greetings*
I've decided something, I'm going to Dubai alone.
You're going with Falak on your honeymoon.
What are you saying? You'll be burdened alone.
How will you manage alone?
I would... It's nothing new. I used to go alone before.
Sister... it will be hard for you. How will you manage alone?
Besides... Falak is coming with us, right?
You guys will be busy in your meetings and she will be bored.
It's not like that. She'll find the time to have fun, right?
This is the time for you guys to have fun.
Falak doesn't say anything in front of us, that doesn't mean...
that we should enforce our decisions on her. She's a new bride...
She has desires and we'll have a lot of time for our business.
Right Falak?
Whatever you think is right... I didn't have any problems before as well.
Why didn't you have a problem?
Falak... don't hesitate to say what you're feeling.
Start preparing... I've called in to confirm the tickets.
We'll get the tickets by tomorrow.
That's fine... but since we decided yesterday that we'll all go together...
Why the sudden change of plans?
Now I understand that I can't have my way all the time.
I need to take care of Falak's happiness as well.
Sister... we're happy with your decision, we have no problem, right Falak?
But since you've decided on this, I'll follow it.
Falak eat something.
What are you smiling at?
Nagma's daughter, she's highly qualified... take a look.
Did you like her?
She's alright
She's lovely, don't you like her? Wait...
I'll show you Farzanda's daughter. Look how gorgeous she is.
I don't know, I've never seen her like that.
Son...
you have to marry someone. All your friends are married.
You can't stay single. We have such lovely girls in our friends and family, I'm sure you must like some of them.
I don't have anything like that in my mind. I feel uncomfortable when you say things like that.
I'll tell you when I want to get married.
Kabir...
Did you say something to your sister-in-law?
No... I didn't talk to her.
Really...
Then why was she saying that she can't have her way and that she needs to take care of your happiness?
Maybe because she cares about everyone.
Kabir, do you think I'll say anything like that to her? She's our elder and takes care of all of us.
I wanted you to go to Dubai with her and ease her load, but I don't know what got into her head.
Alright.