Falak tell me, who has injected this poison in your mind?
This is not poison, this is reality mom.
You are not digesting that a servant's daughter received such a good proposal and your daughter is sitting at house.
If this proposal would come for your daughter then you must be very happy, you are getting jealous mom.
You are getting jealous.
Falak
Nawal, I am really embarrassed.
If I hadn't gone abroad at that time then my career would have been suffered.
I couldn't get anything.
You have dealt with loss.
One doesn't need anything except love.
You preferred wealth over love.
You don't have to worry at all. Falak will live very happily here. She won't miss anything here.
You won't regret on your decision.
God willing.
Thank you mom that you listened to me.
So you are happy now.
Yes I am.
May God do better for her.
Ameen
Mom
Mom
Mom I am really sorry, I am very bad.
I am really embarrassed.
I have said so much out of anger, I won't do that again. Please forgive me.
Get up and sit with me.
I have always considered you as my daughter my child.
That's why I thought that
Whatever I will decide will be acceptable to you as well.
I am really embarrassed.
I shouldn't have done that.
But I promise, I will act according to your wishes and I will get marry as per your wishes.
Greetings
I have a surprise today, guess that.
I have to guess the surprise.
Well, OK I got this.
You have got something in office.
Oho, think other than office.
Greetings
You have come very timely.
There is a game going on here, it's a surprise but it's not business related.
What's that surprise? No one's birthday today as well. And what about these sweets?
Hey tell us, we are not that genius.
OK I am giving you hint, tell me if it is about the biggest happiness of someone's life.
It's about someone's life biggest happiness?
We give up. Now tell us.
Tell us sister.
You have scored zero.
Mrs. Sultana and Nawal had come just a while back.
They have accepted the proposal.
Really?
Really?
Hey, congratulations my brother.
Eat sweets.
I must say that you are the best sister-in-law in the world.
I agree, you are the best sister-in-law in the world.
She is the best wife too.
Come
Don't doubt on motherhood.
If you find any such thing then you won't be able to find that.
A hasty person loses everything due to haste and suffers losses instead of gains.
He loses instead of winning.
That's why my love
Try to learn patience.
We went to Kabir's house today.
We have accepted that proposal and your engagement is next week.
Mom
As I told you
You won't get any injustice in this house.
I pray to God that my daughter will always live happily.
I won't be able to repay this loan of yours throughout my life.
This is not a loan, it's our duty.
Well we have cried so much, I am tired, make a list.
We can't do any preparation is such a short time. Cloths can't be stitched that quickly so buy ready made suits.
Decide about menu and dishes, just tell me, I will arrange the booking.
Thank you mom. I am sorry.
I pray that may God keeps you happy.
Who is calling?
Aliya
Greetings, what's up Aliya?
Aunt, I forgot to tell you about our family tradition that engagement dress of bride is given by grooms family.
So, tell Falak to get ready tomorrow and buy the dress of her choice.
Hey, there is no need for these formalities, I don't understand these traditions by the way.
It's our wish aunt, just tell Falak to get ready tomorrow, I will pick her.
OK, as you wish.
Bye
Bye
It was Aliya's call.
Be ready tomorrow, she will buy dress for you.
Nawal, you get ready as well and if time allows then go with your sister.
OK
I am sorry.
Are you happy now?
Well
I will be back shortly, you stay here, I am coming.
You are so beautiful that whatever will you wear will suit you.
You are here?
Why?
Can't I come here?
Where is sister Aliya?
She will come as well.
Till then let's select together.
You don't know about trends.
I only know that you are about to become mine for ever.
And I am glad.
You know what, I am very lucky.
You should be.
Because I am coming in your life.
I don't believe that how did aunt Sultana got convinced suddenly?
We have to make efforts to get something.
And we get success because of our efforts.
Thanks for the efforts.
Hmm
And those thing are very precious which we get after so many efforts. Don't forget that.
I can not.
Everything attached with me is very precious.
And you have been attached with me.
You know, this dress is good.
Check this
Wow, this ring is very beautiful sister.
Thank you, Toqeer chose this for our engagement.
It's been eight years.
It's same till date.
Brother Toqeer's choice is very good.
Diamond ring on engagement.
Falak, move your hand forward and wear the ring.
Nice
How do you like the ring?
I am sure, you liked it.
Actually, your outfit, jewelry and all shopping was made by sister Aliya with her choice.
Didn't you choose the ring?
I thought that you will chose the ring yourself.
Actually
I don't have experience to buy all such things.
You didn't tell me, how is the ring?
I don't like it.
Hey, why are you so serious, listen my complete sentence. I don't just like it but I like it very much.
Oh God
You scared me.
I didn't believe that why didn't you like sister Aliya's choice?
She has a very good choice.
Her choice is wonderful and I have complete trust on her choice.
She never buy any substandard thing.
She hardly likes anything.
Yes, I have observed this today.
That how wonderful her choice is.
Really.
Did you choose this ring for me?
Nawal
Yes
What are you doing? Come downstairs quickly and bring gifts. They want to go.
I have brought the bags. Didn't you invite uncle and aunt?
They called me in the morning.
They had to go to Islamabad due to an emergency, they were apologizing.
He said, it's daughter's matter so they will definitely attend the wedding function.
Go downstairs, I am bringing.
Just bring everything.
These bags are left.
Mom
Yes, thanks
This is for you from our side.
There was no need for this, you said that there will be no formalities.
These are not formalities.
Just like you have fulfilled your wish, so it's our wish.
Please don't refuse.
Nawal, give them.
Yes mom.
Nasreen, take these.
Take that one as well. OK
We should leave now.
Tell us, when will you come to our home?
Actually, we wanted to fix marriage date this month, it would be better.
This month? It's so soon.
We need some time for preparations. We are bride's family.
Listen, don't worry about dower, we won't take dower at all.
Even then, what our daughter deserves, we will give her.
And we are from bride's family, there are so many things and preparations to be made.
Listen Mrs. Sultana, please don't insist.
We won't take dower at all, no matter whatever you do.
By the grace of God we have everything.
And even then if anything is required then Kabir will manage that.
Of course, Kabir will manage everything. Why do bride's family arrange these things?
OK, as you wish.
Let my brother come, then I will come after consulting with him to your home to fix the date.
That would be great. We will be waiting for you.
And you will have to bring Falak with you as well.
God willing.
I have recommended your case, now you will have to come. No excuse OK.
Tell miss Nawal to bring the file of that project I gave her yesterday.
Greetings sir, here is that file.
Why didn't miss Nawal bring this file herself.
Sir, she completed this file put this on my table yesterday.
I asked that why didn't she come herself?
She is on leave sir.
What?
On leave?
Why?
OK, you may go.
Right sir.
Come to my room.
Come in.
Yes sir.
Why didn't miss Nawal come to office?
She is on leave today, there is an engagement function at her house today.
What?
Miss Nawal's engagement?
Sir, I didn't ask and nor she told me.
OK, you may go.
Thank you sir.
Can I ask about the nature of work?
Sorry, I don't discuss my personal matters in office.
And not at all with a stranger.
Toqeer chose this for our engagement.
It's been eight years.
It's same till date.
Brother Toqeer's choice is very good, diamond ring on engagement.
By the way, Kabir's choice is very good as well.
Here is tea.
Falak, you are so lucky.
You are getting married in a very loving family.
Aliya, brother Toqeer and most importantly Kabir.
And what about this ring, how is it?
It's so beautiful and it looks beautiful in your hand.
You like everything.
Why? Didn't you like it?
What's in it?
It's just an ordinary ring.
It's so beautiful Falak.
A big business man like Kabir.
A billionaire, has given a gold ring on his engagement and that too to a beautiful girl like me.
I can't deserve such cheap things.
Didn't you surprised?
Not at all.
Because, to me precious things have no value, Falak.
I give importance to sincerity and love of people more than such things.
I am surprised that in which world you are living?
These are basic protocols to live your life.
So we have to follow these.
Falak, things don't bring happiness to your life.
Relations bring that.
Instead of chasing precious things, give importance to relations you will be very happy.
And wear this ring.
It looks beautiful in your hand.
Don't think that it's a gold ring, it's cheap or precious. Rather wear this ring by thinking that who gave you this ring.
How many times mom told us that dad has bought a simple ring from an ordinary store. She has kept that safely till date. Why?
Because things are rated not because of the price but because of the person who gifted us.
Hmm
You maybe right.
OK
Take tea, I have made this with so much interest for you. Take it quickly, it will get cold.
Greetings
Greetings
Bring some bread as well.
How are you and how was your day?
It was really good, I was playing bridge with my friends.
OK
And do you know, what were they asking continuously? When will Hamza get married?
So, I have decided that I will find a nice girl and get you married.
No way mom.
I am not in a mood to have any extra responsibility at the moment.
You will have to take this responsibility. You are involved in business so much that you are unaware of everything.
Your wife will take care of you and my stress will be over.
I am not a child that wife will come and take care of me.
I can take care of myself.
You can't avoid me.
If you like any girl then tell me, I will talk to her family, there is no issue.
I haven't yet thought about this.
So, it would be better that stop thinking about it now.
I want to grow my business and want to focus on business.
Listen, wealth and business are very important.
It determines a person's social standing.
But there are some more important things than that.
Like a family life.
Marriage and children.
You don't have any idea that how beautiful our life became when you and Nazish came to our life.
When you make your family then you will know, what I am talking about.
OK
If you want then I will think about it.
Really, but think about it seriously, because I will ask my friends to find a good girl for you.
Hello
Hi
What were you doing?
Nothing, I was just sitting.
Can I ask something Kabir?
Yes, ask.
Have you ever done anything with your consent?
I mean.
Against the wish of sister Aliya.
Yes, I have done that.
Engagement with you.
Whereas, more than you, sister Aliya liked...
What happened? Why didn't you complete the sentence?
Did sister Aliya wanted to get you married somewhere else?
Let it be.
I called you to talk about ourselves.
I will tell something about me and listen something from you but you are discussing these things.
Kabir, you are changing the topic.
Tell me.
To which girl she wanted to marry you.
Falak
This is not an important thing now.
By the way tell me, what do you like.
I like to travel, go for outing, spend time with friends.
To eat spicy food.
I really like all of this.
And watching movies as well.
Oh wow.
Do you get time along with studies to do all of these activities?
Obviously, you have to manage all these things to enjoy your life.
OK, leave me, tell me what do you like?
I....
Is there a long list that you are thinking so much?
No, list is not long.
But I am just thinking that what do I like?
I didn't think about it.
By the way
I feel, I don't like anything.
I think about my business all the time.
All the time?
Yes, all the time.
Because I move around all the time.
I have my own restaurants so I stay at hotels as well.
If I got any chance in office then I watch any film.
Then you are so boring person.
I also think like that.
OK, no problem.
I will change you.
Really?
OK
I will be waiting.
Yes
Why didn't miss Nawal come to office today?
She is on leave today, there is an engagement function at her house today.
If you like any girl then tell me, I will talk to her family, there is no issue.
Is miss Nawal in office today?
OK
Send her to my room.
Yes
Please sit.
You were on leave yesterday.
Can I ask why?
I had a personal work.
I had already informed earlier.
Only one day earlier.
It was an emergency.
It was an important work, if that hadn't then I wouldn't take leave.
Can I ask about the nature of work?
Sorry, I don't discuss my personal matters in office.
And not at all to a stranger.
You love this stranger sometime back.
You promised to live together.
I already told you.
Yes I know.
Yes, I know that I have to stay within my limits.
And don't have to discuss old things.
OK, you may leave.
Check your email, I have sent you photo shoot of new product.
It's approved. Vouchers will be made for that.
OK, bring me the sample.
Hello
Hi
What are you doing?
Nothing, I am getting bored. What are you doing?
I am getting bored as well.
OK so let's go to a beautiful place together.
Your mood will get fresh and mine as well.
This idea is not bad but
I have to attend an important meeting after two hours.
OK, leave it and attend your meeting.
No, we have still two hours. Get ready, I am coming.
No, leave it, we will go some other day.
If we got late outside then you won't be able to attend meeting.
I am telling you.
I am coming in fifteen minutes. There is sufficient time left in meeting.
OK
Kabir, read these documents before meeting, it's important.
Sister, you have checked these so it's enough. I am going for an important work.
It's important that you study these, so have a look at it.
You have studied so it's enough.
I have complete trust on your skills.
Where are you going and why are you in a hurry?
My friend is coming so I am going to pick him from airport.
Which friend is coming, tell me about him.
You don't know him, sister.
We have a meeting at 3 PM and look at the time.
I will be back. I mean.
I will try to come at the earliest. And if will get late then take care of the meeting.
You know that flights get delayed sometime.
It means that you have intention to get late.
Kabir you were busy, I mean you had a meeting.
Yes I had to attend but it's OK, sister will take care of that.
No, I mean even then
If sister Aliya will find out that you have come here to meet me by leaving meeting then she will get angry.
Falak, don't take tension and don't think that much.
Sister Aliya won't feel bad about it at all.
And sister Aliya is very broad minded by the way.
In fact she will feel good about it.
By the way, this color is looking good on you.
I told you that sister Aliya's choice is very good and you will like it too.
Yes, of course
In fact, everyone liked everything.
Especially, everyone has praised that gold that.
Sister Aliya's choice is really very good.
But my friends had objection on engagement ring.
They said that he is such a big business man but he gave you gold ring, he should have given you diamond ring. But I shut them up.
I said that there is no value of diamond and gold.
The person has the value who puts that ring in your finger with love and care.
Things don't have any value.
Thank you Falak.
Hey, where are we going?
Just wait, you will know.
Kabir what's all this? I don't like this.
But I am liking this.
It's really expensive, don't take my friends' words seriously.
Falak, I am not doing this because of your friends' words.
I am doing this with my consent and happily.
OK fine, this is enough, I won't buy anymore. Let's go.
Kabir
Kabir please.
Come in.
Greetings
Do you have rings?
Yes we do have.
Please show us.
OK
Why are you embarrassing me?
Falak, there is no need to get embarrassed.
I am not a stranger. I am your fiance.
It will be really expensive.
But
No ifs and buts, just do what I am saying. Look at this.
How is it? Is it good?
Kabir you are making things difficult for me.
If sister Nawal and mom find out then they will scold me.
Why will they scold you, don't I have any right on you? Can't I give you any gift?
Look at this. How's this one?
It's nice.
Tell me if you like then let's finalize this.
You won't listen to me. It's nice it's beautiful so buy this one.
OK then it's final.
Please pack this one.
OK. Thank you.
Do you need anything else? A bracelet or something else?
No, Kabir.
Don't embarrass me, it's enough.
Excuse me.
What's up sister?
Kabir
Where are you? Everyone is waiting for you in the meeting.
Sister, I won't be able to attend the meeting. I'll be a bit late.
Please manage it.
Kabir, you know that how important this meeting is.
Sister, I am so sorry, please manage.
OK, OK, bye.
I know you are so busy, please drop me at home.
Don't worry, I have asked sister, she will manage the meeting.
Thank you.
Meeting is more important, we can go for outing later as well.
I know what is important and I am doing that.
We will go for lunch from here. I am starving. Then I will drop you at home. OK.
Nawal, I want to talk to you.
Sorry
But I don't want to talk to you.
You didn't attend office yesterday, I was very worried for you.
There was engagement function of my sister at home yesterday, that's why I didn't come.
By the way, there is nothing left between us so that we get worried for each other.
Can't you forget Nawal.
I admit that I made the mistake.
I should have informed before leaving.
I apologize.
Do you know, Hamza?
Man does not trample you for no reason, he first believes that you are at his feet.
A person is most humiliated by the people he likes.
What should I do that you forget everything and forgive me?
How much a person can be punished for a single mistake?
The punishment for some mistakes is lifelong regret.