today you have broken our relation
I, Kabir Salahuddin... in my complete senses
Kabir! 
divorce you...
I want to expose Kabir in front of the entire world 
he is such a renown businessman
and his actions are way too worse than an animal
what will happen by doing this? 
the evil will keep on spreading until we don't drag it to his end result
Falak didn't think for a moment... 
that what relation I & Kabir have. 
She had put such a bad allegation
Kabir is like a small kid of this family
 He is precious to me like my own brother
Kabir, do you know what is the most beautiful thing about life?
to get a companion who loves you a lot
So it means that I am very fortunate, because you came into my life
true that!
Promise me, no matter whatever happens. You will never separate me from you
how can anyone separate itself from its soul?
you are that part of my soul, that if I will try to separate it then I will die
what are you saying, may your enemies die
Falak
why aren't you coming for the breakfast?
I don't feel like doing it, mom
you are upset because of Nawal's words, right?
its her habit, don't take it to your heart
how shall I not take it to my heart?
She should also take care a bit, she says whatever she wants to
I am also a human, not a stone. I also feel hurt
Okay, why are you angry with the breakfast. Come & at least have breakfast
I am not hungry right now
I will eat whenever I feel like
Okay listen to me
do the breakfast whenever you feel like, but do it for sure
sister Nawal.. .
where are you going?
office... 
how can you be so insensitive?
You are talking about going to Kabir's office, knowing the fact that he has left me already
Falak, you know I have invested billions in it. I cannot leave it like that
Alright then, take out your investment
what's the harm in it? The way they have snatched the shelter from my head
the same way, you should also snatch the ground beneath their feet. You are my sister
at least you can do this much for me
Falak, I cannot do this right now
for now the share price is way too low. And I am not such a fool to do such a major loss 
and what about the loss I had suffered? Who will take its revenge?
what not Kabir did with me? He did a lot of injustice to me
Falak, I will give the resignation as soon as I will get another job. But right now I am helpless
what is your compulsion? There isn't any compulsion, I Know
You just want to hurt me
Falak, listen to me...
I don't want to hear anything... 
mom
yes
I wanted to talk to you about something important
yes, tell me
I wanted to do it earlier as well, but then I thought that you'll be worried that's why I didn't discussed it
what's the matter Falak, say it
sister Nawal has sold the SITE area plot
what!
she had sold the plot
but when? I am not aware of anything
even I don't know
I only know that to whom the amount has been given after selling the plot
to whom?
to Kabir
Kabir?
Falak, if this is a joke then its quite a bad one
its not a joke mom, its reality
who told you?
has Nawal told you?
No, why will she tell me? 
I overheard her conversation on the call with Kabir
that's why nowadays, she is doing a job in his company 
I wasn't expecting this stupidity from Nawal
Call her
call her home right away
I am not making any call or so, as it is nowadays she is having a misunderstanding with me 
call her yourself
Okay
Nawal, where are you?
come home right away!
Greetings mom! What's the matter, why you have called me home in such an emergency? Is everything fine?
have you sold that plot?
yes, sorry I wanted to tell you but I couldn't tell you do to the unfavorable circumstances
that plot which was our lifetime's savings or only asset, you have sold it?
and you didn't even find it appropriate to discuss it with me
mom, I am feeling so guilty. 
I did wrong, I should have told you. If I would have told you then you wouldn't have stopped me
but as I said, the circumstances were as such
what as such the problem was Nawal that you had to sell that plot secretly?
mom, why are you talking to me like this? 
I did all this upon Falak's request
She had said to me that Kabir's business is drowning, her situation is getting worse day by day
that's why I had invested the amount upon her insistence, otherwise I mean... 
and if you don't believe me then you can ask her, she is standing here. Tell mom
I don't know anything, how would I know?
sister, why are you lying?
why will I ask her to sell the plot & invest in Kabir's business?
Falak!
What? What are you looking at?
I won't tell a lie to mom upon your say so
You have invested the money in Kabir's company after selling that plot, right?
mom, believe me I have sold that plot upon Falak's say so. I don't know why she is denying right now but... 
whatever you'll say, I am ready to do
everyone thinks I am the only one wrong here. Everyone thinks of me as a sacrificial goat
everyone blames me for everything!
Kabir & sister Aliya says that I did their character assassination, I had put a false allegation on them. And now she.. 
being my sister she is saying that I had asked her to invest in Kabir's business. Everyone blames me, mom
its just me who is the bad one here
Mom, believe me I am telling the truth & Falak is lying
I don't understand Nawal
where was lacking in my upbringing?
can't you see the right & wrong?
Kabir is that guy who has spilled the poison in your sister's life
and you have invested the money in his company
what kind of selfishness is this?
I am feeling ashamed while calling you my daughter
Falak is right
You like to hurt Falak
why would I do that? Listen to me at least
why you had lied in front of mom?
when I had lied?
I have just told her the reality
You know it very well that I did everything upon your request
you did upon my request? So now I am asking you to take out your investment
the way Kabir has ruined my life, I want his life to be ruined too
the torment he gave me, I want to gave him the same torment
come with me & tell the entire truth to mom, come on
I am not going anywhere!
do what I want
then I will do whatever you want me to do
and if you cannot do any such thing
then go away from here
unbelievable!
think once again
what if someone else have an objection on this decision of yous
don't you worry, nobody will have an objection
Nawal & Falak are equal share holders
both of them are my daughters. So eventually both of them have equal share in my house & properties
don't worry, just make the documents
alright then, as you wish
So, let me get the documentation done
thank you so much!
thank you!
farewell*
thank you everyone for coming here
the motive of today's press conference is to expose the renown businessman
the way he used to torture his wife
the way he used to do injustice with her, being cruel to her. How he treats her like an illiterate person
this press conference is arranged to expose him
what!
what did you say?
I want to tell you all
that Kabir had treated me like an illiterate person
He used to misbehave with me on every other matter. His aggression, his anger, I have tolerated all
He had put so many disgusting allegations on me. It was his regular routine to do all this
Falak? She must be in her room
what!
what are you saying?
switch on the TV
I will call you back
my name is Falak
and I am the wife of a renown businessman, 
the owner of the food chain which is not only famous in this city but in a lot of other countries too
Its Falak... 
how he used to treat his wife like an illiterate person. How they did injustices & cruelties with me
today I am raising my voice to expose all those people
who does all this
Kabir Salahuddin, who is the owner of a very big food chain
just a few days ago he has divorced me
just because I had threatened him that I will expose them
I will bring his injustices & cruelties in front of the entire world
that's why I was given a divorce
he used to do physical abuse too
and I kept tolerating it, that maybe one day my love will change him
but I became unsuccessful
my life was made a hell, I was imprisoned in that house
and when I had raised my voice for my right, I was ousted from my house by giving a divorce
what kind of rule is this? I want justice
I wanted to show their real face to all of you
enough is enough!
sister, a lot of bad & disgusting allegations on me!
I am going there, I won't tolerate it anymore
Kabir, no Kabir... you will not go anywhere right now
your smallest reaction will become a proof for her press conference
everyone will think that she is telling the truth
sister, what shall I do? Tell me, what shall I do then?
Shall I sit quietly & tolerate her rubbish?
We will take the lawful way. Let me speak to my lawyer first, then we'll take some action
sister, I... 
Kabir!
Kabir, listen to me
sister, what shall I listen to?
what do you want? 
That she shall keep on putting false & disgusting allegations on me, and I shall not even answer?
We will answer! We will answer her for sure
but right now, if you'll go to the press club can ruin the matter more. It can exaggerate the situation as well
try to understand my point
sister, don't worry. I just want to know that on whose orders she is doing all this?
you will not go anywhere right now. We'll get to know that upon whose orders she is doing all this
has she gone mad!
She had gone there, without seeking anyone's permission or suggestion
this girl has crossed all the limits
did she tell you anything or so?
wouldn't I have stopped her, if she would have told me anything?
call her
Call her and ask her to come back home right away!
hello!
Yes! Quickly tell me who is behind all this?
because an alone girl cannot do this
there is someone who is supporting her
tell me quickly, I am waiting
she isn't receiving the call?
No
how many times I have told you to make her understand
She is becoming way too much obstinate
But No! you didn't listen to me at all and she is doing such a big mistake
mom, what happen? Are you fine?
I am feeling a bit dizzy
Okay come, lets go to your room. Let me call the doctor
No, I don't need a doctor. Its Ok
Okay come to your room, then we'll see
come
what this girl did, Nawal?
Come with me
Come on... come with me
Oh God!
hello!
what!
what happen?
Thank you!
the same thing happened that I had doubt about
Hamza is behind all this
He is the one who is supporting Falak, and getting all this done
what?
who told you this?
I have a friend who works at press club
I had asked him to check & tell me, so just now he had called to inform
Sister, my blood is boiling. I feel like shooting Hamza right away
please control your anger
don't so any stupidity right now, Kabir
We have to handle this matter very carefully
otherwise, we'll incur a very huge loss
try to understand my point
Falak, what is this madness?
Hamza? You were with Hamza?
you took her to the press conference?
Yes, I took her along. Why, what happened?
at least, I wasn't expecting this crazy behavior from you
I know Falak is innocent, she doesn't know the consequences of such things. But you know everything
what were you thinking when you took her there?
that she will tell her false stories over there & people will be impressed from her? She will get sympathy?
are you calling me a liar?
Why I shouldn't call you a liar?
You are after that innocent man
although you have ruined your marriage yourself
neither you had misbehaved with Aliya & Kabir, nor Kabir would have divorced you
So, what is your problem?
somebody had to expose Kabir
people should know the person who looks so naive & well-educated guy from outside. How disgusting he is from within
and there is no need to say anything to Falak
whatever she did is absolutely correct
I am feeling so disappointed right now. All of this is just a stupidity
to raise your voice for your right is not a stupidity but bravery
but I think that you are feeling disappointed because Kabir's reality came in front of all
No Falak, I am hurt on the fact that the matter which was only known to us until yesterday. Today the entire city knows it
Falak, a girls honor is quite delicate
We don't put banners in the entire city or at every signal
but maybe you cannot understand these points right now
and what about those injustices & cruelties that Kabir did with me?
Stop it Falak, stop it!
what mountains of injustices & cruelties have been done on you that you need to do the press conferences?
Hamza, all of this is happening because of you. You shouldn't have taken her along
yes, I had asked Falak
because I care for her
I want Kabir to be punished for his actions
he shall reach to his end result
and what kind of a sister you are? You don't care about your sister at all?
if you cannot apply an ointment on her wounds, then at least don't add salt to her wounds by taunting her
and Falak, you don't need to listen to anyone's scoldings at all
because you have done nothing wrong
Hamza...
why are you provoking her? What will happen by doing all this?
a person will be punished for his actions
with whose permission you had gone?
do you have any idea that how much we have been defamed because of your act?
what kind of questions people are raising in the entire society?
what as such sin I have committed that people are scolding me like this?
I don't need anyone's permission to raise my voice for myself
You have bend down my head with shame
I didn't had an idea that you have become so shameless
neither you care about your honor, nor you care about anyone else's honor
So tell me, what I would have done?
nobody was believing me, so I had to take this step in compulsion
so that people can believe me that I am not a liar!
a daughter's honor is quite delicate
one needs to be very careful at all times
I had told you millions of times, not to do any such thing which will create a problem for you as well as for me
but No! you didn't listen to me. Now tell me, to whom shall I answer?
to people, to relatives, to society... and who else?
Stop it! There is no need to answer anyone
and when it will come to answering people, then now Falak can answer everyone
Falak, talk with manners
don't teach me manners, she needs to learn the manners
why does she come over here to add salt to my wounds?
Until today, I have never heard any good word from her mouth for me
that Kabir had treated me like an illiterate person
He used to misbehave with me on every other matter. His aggression, his anger, I have tolerated all
He had put so many disgusting allegations on me. It was his regular routine to do all this
Kabir Salahuddin, just a few days ago he has divorced me
just because I had threatened him that I will expose them
I will bring his injustices & cruelties in front of the entire world
he used to do physical abuse too
my life was made a hell, I was imprisoned in that house
and when I had raised my voice for my right, I was ousted from my house by giving a divorce
I want justice
I wanted to show their real face to all of you
Kabir you?
won't you ask why I came?
obviously! you must be having some work that's why you came
tell me
I got to know that you are behind all this
when I saw Falak doing the press conference
I became worried that how come Falak got so much of courage
I would have understood at that time that nobody else can be there in this disgusting conspiracy except for you
you used to call me a disgusting person
what are you, yourself?
I had never thought that you'll stoop so low in order to defeat me
enough Kabir!
yes
I remember...
I don't drag the women of our house in business related matters
who had said this?
if my memory is not weak, then I think you must have said it
I am feeling pity on you
I came to see that a renown businessman of this city, Hamza Hashim
whether he hadn't died by drowning in a small pond of water
stop your rubbish!
You are standing in my house, yet talking non-sense to me!
is it hurting?
in order to defame me, you are using Falak against me as a pawn 
where Hamza Hashim's integrity & ego has gone?
you must have ruined it
because it was capable of it
Kabir
go away from here right away
otherwise, it will be too bad for you
this disgusting move of yours to defame me 
will not benefit you at all
if I want, I can file a case against you two for doing false propaganda against me
Hamza
consider this as my last warning
I won't warn you next time
send that press conference video to that medicine company
Right away!
I will see, how they are going to work with you
I will never let you win
Hello Maria, how are you?
Falak, you have done such an amazing press conference
you should be appreciated for it
by the way, shall I say something?
 You have taken the decision of getting separated from Kabir on the very right time
finally Kabir namely obstacle has been removed from your life
now you shall focus on your career
even I had thought the same for myself
but you are my very good friend, thank you!
by the way Falak, whose idea was to do the press conference?
Why? What happen?
it was such an amazing idea
this way, your career will get so much of boost that you have no idea
just think that you've become a star overnight
the one who is more controversial in the media field, the more that person gets famous
do you know, a few producers have contacted us to take dates from you
No Maria, not for now. Right now I am in iddat (waiting period after divorce)
I won't be able to come even if I want to
As it is, I have decided that for now I will not sign any new project
why?
because I need some time to come out of this phase
You can see Falak, this is the right time. You can encash this popularity though
as I said, not right now
Falak, what's with you? Be professional
this way, you'll ruin your career
why don't you do one thing? Come to my office then we'll sit & discuss it
hmm... I will visit someday. Bye!
I saw Falak's press conference
I couldn't believe that its Falak
when did she got a divorce?
a few weeks ago
but she was saying that Kabir is such a nice guy, he takes very good care of her
So how come this had happened all of a sudden?
didn't both of you stopped her, for not doing the press conference like this?
the girls of our family never do such things
And Sultana, you had a firm belief on her that she listens to you for everything
So, didn't you stop her for not doing all this?
aunty, Mom & I weren't aware of it
even if you guys had known still she wouldn't have stopped. I know her this much
that girl is quite an obstinate one
I had told you earlier, this girl will never stay happily married
Wow aunty! then you must be very happy to hear that I got a divorce
because your words are proved to be true, right?
Falak, talk with manners
don't teach me manners, she needs to learn the manners
why does she come over here to add salt to my wounds?
Until today, I have never heard any good word from her mouth for me
I will utter a good word only when I see some good quality in you
I'm so sure that you must be doing the same misbehavior with them as well
its Nawal & Sultana's patience who kept on tolerating your rubbish
otherwise, nobody can tolerate your non-sense!
mom, did you hear that? Ask her to be quiet otherwise I will also forget my manners
Okay aunty please...
and you! go to your room
one shouldn't fight on every matter
Tell her that there is no need to visit our house next time
otherwise, nobody will be as bad as me
Sultana, please sit
how do you guys tolerate her?
stop it, sister!
You can see, how upset we are
aunty, mom is already not well her BP is high at all times
since you have kept such a tension in your house, so high BP is evident
mom, please come & take rest
yes Sultana, Nawal is right. Go, take some rest
I am also leaving
I will come again once Safder is here. Go, take some rest
somebody has sent that press conference's video to that company
I am sure, Hamza must have sent it
who else can do it?
Yes, but...  you know that such things always create a negative impact
I know...
I know that
Kabir see, the company wants to separate you from the partnership
how?
you know me very well, right?
You are my friend
whatever allegations they are putting on me are baseless, its all a lie
I know that, but the company doesn't know
they think that a person can be harmful for the company whose image is not right
but don't you worry, I am talking to them
somehow we'll find a solution for it
Thank you so much, Qaiser
Hamza is doing all of this to make me suffer loss
don't worry
he will not achieve his goal
what's the problem! What is wrong with her?
She isn't drinking the milk, neither she is sleeping. She is just crying
I think she is suffering with fever
nothing happened to her, she is perfectly fine
take her away from here and try to make her go to sleep in another room
hold her for sometime
elderly people say that children can recognize their mother's fragrance, she will become quiet
has anyone asked for your suggestion?
do as I have asked you to do? 
Don't talk rubbish, take her away from here
Okay
what is this torment! I have got rid of her with a lot of difficultly, but again her responsibility has fallen on me
hey, why is she crying?
come here... come to me
come to me...
she is suffering with fever
I had told maam Falak
but she said that she is perfectly fine, take her to another room & make her go to sleep
maam Falak is not paying any attention on her
Ok, take her to mom's room
Okay
Falak
what is your problem?
I am observing, neither you are taking care of Ilham nor you are paying any attention towards her
sister, I don't want to hear any of your lecture right now. I am already having a headache
that child is suffering with a high grade fever, did you check once?
if you didn't had to take care of her, then why were you swerving to bring her over here?
As if you have done a very big favor by bringing her over here. You shouldn't have brought her
since you have brought her here, then take care of her. I had already left her there, I had threw her away
what are you saying!
But you had said that Kabir had snatched Illham from you
I had lied. Is this what you wanted to hear, right?
I had lied!
I will spend my life as per my choice
and I won't let anything become a chain in my life
and neither I will let anyone become an obstacle in my way
The allegation that you had put on Kabir & Aliya, was that a lie too?
Yes, its a lie. Is this you wanted to hear?
everything was a lie! I was frustrated from that life
I have to take care of her at all times, I have to do everything for her
I also had a life, and I wanted to spend my life as per my choice
why I shall do all these things at all times?
Besides, she is not only my child. She is Kabir's child too
so he should handle her
and if you guys cannot handle her too, then you guys can leave her the same way I had left her
and if you guys cannot do this, then let me go & drop her over there
have you gone mad! What are you trying to do?
the same thing that I should have done long time ago
you have slapped me!
this is for all those lies that you have told me until today, Falak
I kept on fighting with the entire world
Falak, I kept believing you
I kept feeling proud that there is no lacking in my upbringing
but its proved now
there was a lacking in my upbringing only
You have broke my honor, Falak
You haven't left me capable enough to face myself
Mom... mom, what happened?
mom!
mom, are you fine?
Please sit, what happened?
doctor, how is my mother's condition?
See, she had a heart attack. Her condition is quite critical
we cannot say anything for now
what are you saying?
Just now I have told you that her condition is quite critical
doctor, I beg you. Do something, but save my mother
believe me, we are trying our level best
but God is the one who saves everyone
have courage & pray for her
God will do better
God please bless my mother with good health. Nothing will happen to her
sister Nawal...
don't you dare to come near to me
neither I need your false consolation, nor you
why are you blaming me?
you are saying as if everything had happened because of me
whom else I shall blame if not you?
mom got a heart attack, and its just because of you
if she is fighting the battle of life & death then its just because of you, Falak
She couldn't tolerate that her own daughter has betrayed her
no matter with whomsoever you have lied, but at least you could have told her the truth
What she had thought of you, and what you have proved to be?
Liar, cruel.. fraudster!
I feel so sorry, what not she gave to you?
Respect, honor and most importantly love. And what you gave her in return?
Lie, betrayal...
Falak, get away from me before I say something else to you
go away from here
heartiest congratulations to you! God has answered all of your prayers
You mother is out of danger now
in fact, she is perfectly alright
We are shifting her in the room now, God willing she will gain conscience until morning
Thank you, doctor...
You are welcome
mom...
The allegation that you had put on Kabir & Aliya 
All of that was a lie.
 I was frustrated from that life
I have to take care of her at all times, I have to do everything for her
I also had a life, and I wanted to spend my life as per my choice
why I shall do all these things at all times?
Besides, she is not only my child. She is Kabir's child too
so he should handle her