You know very well I just got done with Falak's wedding.
I cannot marry off Nawal so soon. It'll be difficult. I need time.
Alright then. Since we have accepted one thing you said, you should also accept one of ours.
Yes.
I want them to sign the marriage contract instead of an engagement. We will be spending the same amount on both.
But.. a wedding or signing of the marriage contract, its the same thing.
We can get them to sign the documents now and they can start living together after six months.
This is what Asjad thinks. He doesn't want to burden you.
If we have an engagement first, the expenses will add up.
And then the wedding. Why not get the marriage contract signed first
and then we'll have a simple wedding after some time.
Everything you're saying is correct.
But I'm not in favor of an engagement or a wedding both.
I want to fix a date for the wedding for around six months later.
We'll have the wedding then and this way we'll get time to make preparations.
But Sultana, we need to have something official.
What are you afraid of? We're respectable people and our word makes it official.
I have given you my word. Engagements or weddings are all worldly affairs.
We don't have anything such in our religion.
Then why should we get involved in all these things?
But we need to answer the society as well.
Two families are being linked, we ought to make an official announcement. What will we tell people otherwise?
Please accept what we're saying. We should have some celebration, even if its simple.
If you're insisting so much, for your sake,
I'll arrange a dinner at home next Sunday.
You can bring your family and I'll invite my family over and then we'll announce their betrothal then.
Will that be okay?
This is absolutely fine. Thank you very much.
Now please have tea.
Of course.
What are you reading?
There's an article on Kabeer Foods. Its very good. You should read as well.
Did Hafsa bother you much last night?
She did bother us a lot but its alright, she's a child. Children do such things.
I had an idea she would do such a thing. Had I been home I wouldn't have let her go?
Why wouldn't you? She's so cute and talks adorably. I enjoy her company.
I enjoyed more than Kabeer.
She's very attached to Kabeer.
She'll be attached to you in a few days too.
Of course. Why not? I love kids. They talk so adorably.
Kabeer was not willing to take her along because you weren't along and she'd bother us.
He wanted to spend some time together but I insisted upon taking Hafsa along.
If she insists next time, don't take her along. I will ask Kabeer to not accept every demand she makes.
No. Please don't say anything to Kabeer.
He loves her very much. He pampers her a lot.
But kids should have some etiquette. Hafsa should know that all her demands cannot be fulfilled.
I agree with what you're saying. A child should know that all her demands will not be met.
Show me.
Yes read this.
Alright. The restaurant's pictures are so good.
Sir this file is being overlooked by Ms. Nawal but she hasn't been to the office.
Tell me who should I assign it to. The clients' payment is on hold.
Alright you go and send in the manager.
Hello.
Do you even realize that I've been waiting for you since morning?
I went to the office for an important meeting. You do know dad isn't well, right.
If you had to go to the office you should have told me, I wouldn't have to the university.
You don't care about my love for you.
Don't say that Nawal. I came here, leaving everything behind for your love.
And by the way, I called you so many times why didn't you pick up?
Don't you know I don't answer when I'm upset with you?
I'm sorry. I'll hold my ears.
I'm sorry. I'll never keep you waiting, ever.
Lets go somewhere on lunch.
No. I want a fritter and cold drink from the canteen.
Just a fritter and drink?
Yes. I miss everything so much. You don't realize but the university,
we, these classes, I'm missing everything. These are our memories.
Alright. Lets go to the canteen then.
Lets go.
Give me your back. Come on. Lets go now.
Why hasn't Ms. Nawal joined back yet?
Sir I called but she asked for some to think.
What did I tell you? Insist that she joins back immediately.
Do you even realize how many projects she was looking at?
The company could incur a big loss.
I'm sorry sir. I'll call her again.
You let it be now. You won't be able to get it done. You leave. I'll see to it myself.
Nawal, Nausheen came. She wanted to hold an engagement but I said I wasn't in favor of it.
I asked for some time to make preparations. We can have the wedding after six months.
Did your hand get burnt?
No. It didn't get burned.
You burned your hand. Get up and put ointment on it.
No. The tea wasn't so hot.
But your hand is red. Get up and put ointment on it.
No mom. I'm fine. What did Nausheen aunty say?
Nothing, she wanted an engagement and I said no.
We have a dinner on Sunday. Both our families will meet.
We'll announce yours and Asjad's betrothal there.
There won't be a lot of people. Falak's in laws, sister Fariha and brother Safdar.
But aunt is in Islamabad.
Yes she is but I talked to Safdar, he said she'd be back.
I'm worried about you. Go and put something on it. You'll get a blister.
This girl is weird.
Hello.
Hello. Falak, I didn't expect this from you.
You have forgotten your mother. You didn't even ask after me ever since you left.
Mom you know how busy I am. I don't get time.
I have dinner invites everyday. I get so tired.
You don't get time to talk to your mother?
Okay mom. Now tell me how are you? How is sister Nawal? How are you feeling?
Thank God you at least asked about how I'm feeling.
Please stop it mom. You know we have so many dinner invites everyday.
I was just getting clothes out for the dinner tomorrow.
I promise I'll call you everyday. Then you'll say I bother you everyday.
Mothers are never bothered, dear.
Children start feeling agitated.
Mom, please stop it. I promise I'll come meet you in a day or two.
I have so much to talk to you about.
Even I want to see you, meet you and hug you.
So you could have come to meet me.
How could I come? Mothers don't look good coming to their daughter's in law's house every other day.
No matter how much they miss their daughters,
mothers are bound by the traditions in the society.
Stop it mom. You'll tear up yourself and make me cry too. Tell me why did you call me?
I wanted to invite you. I have invited Nawal's in laws for dinner on Sunday so you and Kabeer should come too.
I'll try.
Try? Why try? You have to come, it is mandatory.
Alright mom. I'll have to ask Kabeer once, maybe he might be busy as well. I'll try to come.
Kabeer is calling me, I'll call you later.
Listen...
sister Nawal, you here?
I was going to the market so I thought I'd see you. These are for you. How are you?
Thank you.
How are you?
I'm fine, but how are you and how is mom?
She's fine. She misses you very much.
Yes I talked to her last night.
But you see I have do much to do in the house and we have dinner invites every other day,
Right now I was heading for the salon because we have a gathering to attend tonight.
Nobody is so busy that they cannot take out time for family.
Don't talk what mom said. She also said the same thing.
You know we have to go abroad and I haven't even packed yet. There is so much to do. What should I do?
Why are you standing? Come, sit.
Tell me what will you have, tea, coffee, juice? Should I get you something?
Will you not sit with me?
No. sister Nawal. I told you have an appointment at the salon and if I miss it, I won't get one again.
If only you had told me before coming, I would have told you not to come.
You had to come here for no reason. I'm very busy.
Alright, if you're getting late, you should go.
I just came to remind you that Asjad's family is coming on Sunday so do come.
Yes mom told me last night. Alright, I'll call you tonight. I'll leave now.
Oh, Nawal..
When did you come? I didn't even know.
Just a little while ago.
Why were you sitting all alone?
No. Falak was with me, she just left. We had been talking for a while.
How are you?
I'm fine. Where did Falak go?
She left for the salon.
Alright. Sultana aunty called. She told me you have been betrothed by the grace of God.
I'm so happy for you. May God bless you with the best.
Amen. Thank you.
So have you eaten anything or not?
Yes. I've had too much.
Please sit for a little while.
No, actually I had been sitting for a while. I'll take your leave, I'm getting late.
It would have been great if you had sat down, but do come again.
I'll definitely come.
Lovely, seeing you.
Likewise. Bye.
I'm coming with you. I'll see you off.
Hello. Hello
Hello.
These are a few gifts for you and these are for Fizza and Raima.
Why did you have to do all this? Its enough that you people came.
Falak, come sit.
This is the traditional way of showing love, nothing else.
So, how have you been?
Hello.
Hello. May you live long.
Keep these in the kitchen.
How are you Aaliya? Congratulations, you got your brother in law married.
Congratulations to you too.
Meet her, she is the younger daughter in law of our house.
All praise to the Lord.
Hello.
She's very pretty. May you live long and be happy. Sit down dear.
Now tell me why didn't you come for the wedding?
What can I do dear?
I cannot sit somewhere for long time. My legs start to hurt.
Aaliya, tell her some good doctor. She trusts every advise you give her.
Aaliya never gives me any wrong advice.
This is your love.
May you live long.
Where are Fizza and Rania?
Fizza is in Islamabad and Rania is getting ready. She'll be here.
Aunt?
Thank you.
Falak are you bored?
No. Not at all.
Thank you.
Falak why haven't you worn the gold bangles that Aaliya gave you on your wedding.
Yes, actually they were so heavy and it hurt my hand so I took them off.
You shouldn't have taken them off.
They are your family heirloom. You would have gotten used to them in a few days.
You should be mindful of your family traditions.
Aaliya, you value your family values a lot. Why didn't you tell her? Did you forget?
Its alright aunt, it happens. Falak is right.
Those bangles are really heavy and I too had problems but I would ask mom and take them off.
I've always seen them in your wrists, never without them.
Oh, what are you talking about? Go and see if the food is ready.
Now tell me when will you come to our place to stay over.
I'm going back to Islamabad this week. I'll come the next time I'm here.
I will wait for you. You'll have to come and for a long time.
As God wills.
Hello brother Kabeer.
Hello. How are you?
I'm absolutely fine. Congratulations on your wedding.
Thank you so much.
Hello brother Touqeer, how are you?
How are you?
I'm fine. How are you?
Absolutely fine. How are you my dear?
I'm absolutely fine.
Hello, sister in law. How are you?
If only you had told me before you came, I would have told you not to come over. I'm very busy.
Asjad's family is coming over on Sunday for dinner to finalize the proposal.
Yes mom told me last night. I'll call you tonight. Take care. Bye.
Your coffee is getting cold.
You worried me too much.
What happened?
You're always quiet. So lost. Are you worried about something?
I'm not worried at all.
Then why are you sitting here like this?
I felt suffocated in my room so I came and sat here in the open air.
A person feels suffocated only when there is suffocation inside.
Are you not happy about this proposal?
I'm happy.
Then Nawal?
Then its nothing. You're becoming over sensitive.
Falak and I have bothered you very much.
Not at all, daughters are like sparrows.
Their chirps make the house come alive.
Do you know, it seems like only yesterday, both of you were too young.
You kept running here and there and now you're all grown up,
ready to move into your new house.
My house will become barren.
If you say I'll not get married.
Have you lost your mind? We don't say that.
We love it when our daughters are married. They don't stay at their parents' home forever.
This is what our religion says and this is what our Prophet preached.
Now drink it.
Its cold now.
*Answer my calls I want to talk to you-
*I'm sorry. There is nothing left to talk about-
*Don't leave your job because of what happened between us. Please start coming to the office*
How is uncle now, Hamza?
He's been diagnosed with last stage cancer.
Mom and dad are flying to London for his treatment.
Of course you'll be going with them.
I will be here for now but I'll have a flight after one week.
I'll wind up some work in the office and then go.
So when will you be back?
I cannot say anything right now. I'll know when I go there.
So who'll handle the factory and office while you're gone?
I'll hand it over to the team and I'll see what becomes when I go there.
Hamza..
Don't worry, uncle will be fine with the grace of God. Nothing will happen to him.
Yes hello?
I will not visit any of your relatives on dinner invites now.
Why? What happened?
Why? Didn't you see? Your aunt just dragged me around because of those bangles.
She's elder. What happened if she said something? Whats the big deal?
Now you're siding with her as well Kabeer. Nobody cares for me.
Falak, please. Come on, try and understand, Falak. These elders in the family,
they value and understand the traditions.
If you find the bangles heavy, don't wear them. Just wear them if we're visiting family.
As it is, you're a new bride. Everybody has their eyes on you.
Nobody had their eyes on me. Everybody was giving protocol to sister Aaliya.
As if she's the newly wedded bride.
sister Aaliya is very friendly with everyone and everybody knows her. Once you're friendly,
there will be a time when everybody will give you protocol as well.
I don't know when that time will come.
Alright so when we are leaving for our honeymoon, Kabeer
I think we'll get our passports by tomorrow or day after.
Alright then transfer some money in my account, I want to go for shopping.
Shopping?
You shopped before the wedding as well.
They are such heavy dresses, I won't wear them abroad.
Alright fine. You go ahead and shop. Happy?
Nawal? Why are you standing here like this?
So your car broke down. I'll drop you home. My guard will bring your car.
No thanks. You go.
Nawal don't be stubborn. You're standing by the road. It doesn't look good.
Hamza I told you to leave. You don't have to worry about me.
You know very well I won't leave from here.
Alright fine, I'll stand here with you. We'll go together when your car is fixed.
What is your problem Hamza?
You know very well what my problem is? I cannot leave you like this on the road. 
We can do one thing. Come with me. I'll drop you home.
Or else both of us will wait here. I'll leave when your car is fixed.
Your car is fixed, mam. Mam your car is old now. Sell it. I'll get you a good price for it.
Alright. Thank you.
Here, madam. We got our passports earlier than expected.
Do we have our visas stamped?
Yes. Oh wow. You've started packing as well.
Yes. I shopped a little today so I kept them in.
Oh, what have you packed? 
We'll get everything where we're going and if you shop everything here, what will you do there?
Don't worry. I just kept necessary items.
Okay.
Kabeer, this.. You got tickets for next Sunday but I asked you we'd leave on this Sunday?
How can we go this Sunday? Sultana aunty invited us for dinner this Sunday. 
That's why I got the tickets for next Sunday.
I have a few things to do so I thought alright.
It was just a non formal dinner. Mom isn't holding an engagement. 
Had we not gone, it wouldn't have made a difference.
Falak, you're saying this? I'm amazed hearing what you're saying. 
Tell me one thing, is Nawal really your sister?
Yes. Why are you saying this?
No, listening to you I feel Nawal isn't your sister by blood but a step sister.
Alright, if you have a problem, I'll get the tickets exchanged.
No. You're serious. I was just kidding.
Why would I do that? In fact I told mom that I'd come and stay at her place a month before her wedding 
and I won't let sister Nawal do anything and do everything myself.
Really? Alright. We'll see that.
Please drop me at mom's tomorrow. She'll have so much to do. I'll help her around.
Okay.
What happened? Why are you standing here?
Don't you think these people are weird? They didn't get a ring but they didn't bring anything either.
They came empty handed without anything.
Mom said we didn't want any formal events.
sister Nawal, mom said she didn't want anything formal. But they could have brought a dress or a dress. 
We should know its the groom's family. They just came empty handed like guests. What sort of people are they?
Falak, don't be loud. Someone will listen to you. It doesn't look good.
Have you seen their dressing? Those women are so weird.
Oh God, the guests they have along look like they got their makeup done from a cheap beauty parlor. 
sister Nawal, think about it. Do you want to get married here?
Don't be loud, someone will hear you. And if mom has no objections, why should we? 
Don't judge people from their clothes and makeup.
Who am I arguing with? How do I make you understand? We see people as they look and these people,
look at them how old fashioned, backward and uneducated they seem.
Now be quiet. Someone will hear you.
Yes, I will just be quiet.
Zakia? Zakia?
Hello.
Hello. Sir I had to show you this file.
I'll see to it. You go ahead.
Sir, please have some sweets as well.
Whats the happy occasion?
Nawal mam has been betrothed.
Sultana you should have asked Nawal to take a leave and rest.
You're right and I did ask her.
But she said that she had taken so many leaves on Falak's wedding and had so much work pending so she had to go.
To be honest Sultana, Nawal proved to be a son for you.
In fact more than a son. 
She took care of the entire house after your husband's death. Only fortunate people have such daughters.
You're right. I'm very lucky. 
Nawal got Falak educated.
She found a job as soon as completed her studies.
Falak and Nawal, both are very good daughters. May God bless them with good fortunes. 
Do you know I always prayed to God.
That God should give Nawal a very good family just like Falak and God has answered my prayers.
Yes. Safdar was telling me they are good and sensible people.
All praise to the Lord.
Hello aunty. How are you?
Hello.
Falak, sit with aunt, I'll just come.
Oh aunt, you didn't come to my house. I kept waiting for you.
Why?
Why were you waiting for me? Why would I come to your house?
Come and see how I now own a beautiful palace. Someone you taunted all your life.
That I had taken over their wealth like a snake. 
Now come and see how I revel in luxuries in my own house.
You called a servant's daughter. 
Now come and see and you'll regret everything you said.
If God has given you more than your worth, be thankful to God rather than being proud. 
It doesn't take long to lose the ground beneath your feet.
Really? How would I lose the ground beneath my feet?
If I came to your in laws and told them,
that you're not Sultana's daughter by blood.