Kabeer will you have tea? Should I get it made?
No. I just had it a while ago.
Actually I wanted to discuss something important with you.
Tell me. Is everything alright? Is everything fine in the office?
Yes everything's fine in the office. Actually...
I don't want to get married again.
Please don't talk to Nawal about it now.
What? What are you saying?
You know very well I took your proposal.
Did you two talk Kabeer? Did Nawal say something?
No. Nawal didn't say anything.
I thought about it myself.
I don't think I'll be comfortable with this relationship.
That's why I don't want to get married again.
You don't have to think about yourself but for Ilham.
Please don't worry for Ilham.
I'll manage somehow.
Kabeer, if not today then tomorrow, you'll have to get married.
Or have you decided to not marry for the rest of your life.
Think of it, like that only. I..
don't want to remarry again.
What stupidity is this?
You know you're making a big mistake rejecting a girl like Nawal.
If I tell you that Nawal too isn't in the favor of this relationship and she doesn't want to marry me either. Then?
This means, Nawal said no to you.
What difference does it make? Just don't talk to anyone about it.
Please.
Are you upset with me because I didn't call?
Mom you know I had so many meetings and I was very busy.
Its the first time you didn't call me.
Mom is right Hamza.
You have always been busy, you had meetings too but you made time to call.
Okay. Its my fault. I should have called you.
This will not happen again. I promise.
Hello auntie.
How are you feeling now?
She's greeting you so lovingly and inquiring about your health. Answer her at least.
I have a splitting headache. I'm going to sleep.
Nazish, you come to me.
Yes, mom.
What happened Hamza?
No matter what I do, mom is still upset.
I feel helpless.
Its alright Hamza, she'll be fine. It'll take some time but she'll get normal with you. She's your mother
I hope so.
I'm always with you. Don't worry, everything will be alright.
Now come and get a little rest. You're already tired.
Hello Nawal.
Aaliya, you're at office today. Please sit.
Yes I was a little free, I thought I'd drop by the office today and get an update.
You tell me, how are you?
I'm absolutely fine. You tell me.
Actually I came here to invite you for dinner.
I'm hosting it. Toqueer had a good deal finalized in Germany.
To celebrate it. I'd love if you'd join us.
Congratulations to you first. But actually,
my aunt is here so it might be a bit of a problem for me.
Nawal, it'll just be the three of us. Kabeer, I and Ilham.
If you join us, I'll be happy. I'll like it.
And Ilham, she cheers up when she sees you. Please come.
That's fine but..
Not ifs or buts.
You're having dinner with us tonight.
Alright, if you insist. I'll come for a while.
Thank you and see you then.
Okay?
Definitely.
Okay. Please sit. Bye.
Why did you have to invite Nawal for dinner?
What are you saying?
If you and Nawal aren't getting married, this doesn't mean we cannot have dinner.
And Ilham is attached to Nawal.
She is happy with her and I thought if we go together, she'll be happy.
But Nawal,
isn't Ilham's babysitter.
We don't have a nanny yet and we don't know when we'll have one for sure.
I'll leave too and you'll be all alone.
If you're in need, at least Nawal will be able to come. Ilham will be fine.
Why are you overreacting so much? Nawal used to come.
What difference would it make if she comes now?
Its not that.
Actually, to be very honest, I don't want Ilham to be attached to Nawal.
Think about it yourself.
If Nawal doesn't have time in the future and if she cannot come to meet Ilham, I'll have a lot of trouble.
Kabeer, I've already invited her.
I cannot do anything.
We'll meet in the evening.
Okay.
Falak, look, is that Nawal and Kabeer?
I think its them. They look so happy together.
I'll destroy their happiness right away.
Falak, they're sitting. Listen to me.
Why do you have to create a scene?
Even if they're happy together, what difference does it make to you?
It does! She created a scene on my reception. I'll settle the score.
Falak...
You?
What are you doing here?
You must be enjoying a lot.
This is my sister. Step sister, who turned my husband against me, got me divorced and trapped him.
You have lost your mind. What nonsense is this?
This is nonsense? I'm telling the truth.
Do you find it bitter? Tell me, don't you two have an affair?
Even you don't then whats she doing with you?
There must be something going on.
Enough!
I'm warning you. Don't say another word.
I've given you enough leverage. I know your real face well.
You'll not become truthful creating a scene in front of all these people. Leave from here, this instant.
And meet him, he's my ex-husband.
Who did everything with my sister.
He sided with her to threw me out of his life and divorce me.
I will show your real face to the world. I'll show them how you deceived me and wronged me.
You had an affair underneath my nose.
Now clarify to people and tell them you don't have anything going on.
Why are you creating a scene here? What will you get?
I'll expose these two. I'll take over their facade of innocence.
They're liars, they're cheats. They deceived me and destroyed my life.
Falak, whats wrong with you?
Falak, for God's sake, stop this and leave.
What did you think? Only you have the right to destroy people's life and create scenes?
I did the same like you did that day. I did the same. Score's even now.
I'll shout and tell everyone what you did to me!
How you destroyed my life? Then you can clarify to people how respected you are.
I'll tell people how she destroyed her own sister's house.
Look at the child, this is my daughter.
She is more attached to her than me. It seems she's her daughter.
They snatched my daughter from me.
Mr. Kabeer, is there a problem?
We don't know who she is? She's speaking nonsense. Please throw her out. She's mad
Yes I'm mad and you've made me mad. Both of you.
Please mam will you leave or shall I call the security?
We're going.
I'll show their real faces to the world. I'll tell everyone.
Thank you.
Nawal, stop crying.
I don't believe that Falak made a joke out of my existence in front of everyone.
She dragged me through the mud.
What did she say..
I was so ashamed. What would those people think about me? Am I like this?
I destroyed my sister's house?
She's an ungrateful woman. She doesn't care about any relationship.
And you? Why are you worried thinking about her?
Don't you know her instincts?
I'm worried thinking why didn't nobody stop her? Kabeer or Aaliya?
She took divorce herself and blamed you for everything?
And then she married Hamza and turned him against you.
She stole and now she's grieving as well.
If I had been there, I would have broken her face.
She's lying shamelessly. She said I have an affair with Kabeer.
I wanted the ground to open and myself to be buried in it. Alive. I want to die.
God forbid that you die. Falak is the one who should be dead.
I'm just scared of one thing.
The thing that Hamza said, now the entire world will know it.
I cannot show my face to the world.
How will I face people? How will I clarify my character, aunt?
Nawal you don't have to clarify a lie.
You don't have to think about it. Forget the nonsense Falak said.
If the entire world is lying, its deemed as the truth.
Alright my dear, stop crying. You'll make yourself sick if you cry like this. Come, sit here.
Sit here. Sit my dear. Please stop.
God will punish Falak. She's made you cry so much.
Do you even realize how I felt when I saw the two together?
I wanted to burn them alive. They're shameless people.
When mom was alive, she would stop her. But now nobody is there and they roam around like shameless people.
Had my friend not stopped her, I would have done something.
Hamza are you listening to me?
Yes I'm listening.
Then why doesn't it make a difference to you. Why are you sitting peacefully and working?
Because I have no relation with Nawal, it doesn't make a difference to me. I hate her.
Why do you mention her again and again to me?
Then go.
Go and tell aunty and Nazish. They always praise her innocence and insult me.
They should know what their innocent Nawal is up to.
What will happen then?
At least they'll stop taunting me everyday. All this is happening because of Nawal.
They'll know that the one they kept calling a liar wasn't a liar.
They have an affair in real. Now look. If they don't believe me, its alright.
Everything will come to the forefront sooner or later. Things cannot stay hidden forever. Then I'll ask them.
They said I'm a liar in front of the whole world.
Enough! I'm trying to do an important work and you've eaten my brain.
Let me work in peace.
Fine.
Whatever happened is very bad.
The scene Falak created, it left us not able to show face anywhere.
I told you not to invite Nawal.
Had Nawal not been there, Falak wouldn't have dared create a scene.
What are you saying? You know very well, you, me and Ilham are like a family for Nawal.
How would I have known Falak would come there?
I'm so worried thinking what will Nawal have to hear after such a big spectacle. What will she have to face?
Everybody will be talking about it. You're a boy, it won't make a difference to you, but she's a girl. She'll be affected.
How can it make no difference?
The cheap allegations she hurled, it does make a difference to me.
She said so much nonsense. She did it before.
But it wasn't in front of everyone. No matter how small the accusation is,
when things spread in public, people talk.
I'm scared how much Nawal will have to hear.
And because of us she will be facing a lot of difficulties.
What are you talking about?
Who will marry Nawal after all this?
Whats wrong with you? How are you connecting these two things?
Where did Nawal's wedding come in from?
Who will tell the boy's family all these false accusations?
Because a boy's family is the first to hear about all false allegations about a girl.
No matter if they are lies, nobody investigates.
Nobody has so much time. Everybody believes what they hear.
This is my sister, step sister, who instigated my husband against me and got me divorced. She entraped him.
I'm telling the truth. Do you find it bitter?
Don't you have an affair? If you don't then why is she hear with you?
There is something after all between you two.
What did you think? Only you had the right to destroy people's life?
I told you today. The way you insulted us that day. I did too today. Score settled.
Meet him, he's my ex husband.
He did all this with my sister. He threw me out of his life and divorced me.
I'll expose the two of them.
This facade of innocence that they have. They deceived me and destroyed my life.
I called Kabeer and he told me you didn't come to the office so I came here. I was worried.
Are you okay Nawal?
Aaliya I couldn't sleep all night.
I feel very helpless.
It feels as if someone has kept me on fire.
Whatever Falak said.
You know Falak. She's like that.
She couldn't bear to see you with us. That's it.
If I meet you or Ilham, I'm not getting anything out of it.
I take care of her because she's Falak's daughter.
Mom made me promise to take care of Ilham before she left me.
I never knew Falak held so much poison in her heart for me.
See, the scene she created was to satisfy her ego.
She wants to turn you against us. 
Had she cared for her daughter, would she have left her like an orphan.
She is a mother who doesn't even bother about her daughter. 
She didn't even ask about her once.
 Is this how mothers are?
You were there to take care of Ilham and now she wants to take you away from Ilham.
So, will you leave Ilham because of Falak?
Of course not. I cannot stay away from Ilham. My life is with her.
Nawal let me say something. The best for you and Kabeer is to get married.
Aaliya, I.. I cannot marry Kabeer. 
If I marry Kabeer, everything she said would be proven true. People would think,
we had an affair. But it never was.
Even Kabeer doesn't want to get married again. 
The way everything has come to, once you're married, these rumors will die their own death.
I know its a tough decision but its for the better. 
I told you earlier as well. If not for yourself,
think for Ilham. She's very attached to you.
Hamza, I want to talk to you.
What nonsense is this Falak? I was talking to a very important client.
You're worried about your client and what about the fire inside me?!
But what happened? Tell me.
I found these things from Nawal in your cupboard. What does this mean?
 You say you hate her but why do you have these things?
I told you, don't interfere in my personal things.
 Let things stay where they are. Whats your problem?
Whats the problem with me? Tell me whats in your heart? 
Do you still love her... 
Tell me, if you're upset about breaking up with Nawal..
You have lost your mind. What are you saying?
So what should I say? 
You tell me you hate her and yet you have kept her gifts safe. What should I understand?
You think I'm a fool. 
Tell me Hamza, if you want to be with Nawal, its not late. You can leave me.
Whatever you're thinking Falak, its not like that. 
Why do you say such things?
Let it be Hamza. You've hurt me very much.
Falak, listen to me.
She created this scene to satisfy her own ego and to drive you away from us.
If she cared for her daughter, she wouldn't have left her like an orphan. 
Would you stop meeting Ilham because of Falak?
Kabeer doesn't want to get married too but we're helpless now. 
Once you're married, these rumors will die their own death.
What is it Nawal? You didn't come out of your room all day.
I had a headache. I thought I'd feel better if I rested a bit.
Should I say something if you don't mind?
 You should listen to Aaliya. She wants to take you to her house with a lot of respect.
The scene Falak created in the hotel, I think its for the best of you now.
I don't understand anything, aunt. It seems my mind if shutting off.
I have talked to your uncle as well. Even he thinks Kabeer is a good guy. 
We can see that. Falak didn't care for Kabeer.
Otherwise he isn't a bad guy.
But what about the fingers people point at me?
Don't worry about people. People talk.
 I'll go back in some time.
Had Sultana been here, I wouldn't worry for you. 
but... I don't want to leave you alone. I'll be worried.
And think about Ilham.
 Kabeer will get married to someone and if his second wife hurts Ilham, 
you'll be hurt as well.
Nawal if you think of me and Safdar as your elders 
and if you hold us in regard to decide for you, 
we have no objections on your wedding. We will be happy if you settle down.
Falak?
Hamza please. I don't want to talk to you.
Falak its not like you think?
So what should I think? 
I told you everything that happened in the hotel that day.
You're hurting for a woman who cheated you, deceived you. You're keeping everything safe from her. Why Hamza?
Take these and burn them. 
Is it okay now? 
But Falak you'll have to promise me one thing.
After today, you'll not mention Nawal to me. I hate her.
So tell me what should I do? Have you seen how aunty treats me?
No matter how much I try that she fixes her attitude with me, she always rejects me.
and all of this is happening because of sister Nawal
Everything is attached to her. My own sister destroyed my life.
And if I see anything attached to her, it hurts me very much.
I feel bad Hamza. I think that you love her even today.
Its not like that Falak.
Please stop crying. 
I've thrown everything away. Please be okay now.
Wait, let me take this call. Hello?
When I had already told you not to, why did you mention it to her again? 
I had promised Nawal that you won't mention marriage to her again.
I wouldn't have talked but after the incident I was helpless.
People are talking Kabeer. 
If not yourself, think about Nawal. People are linking her with you.
They're pointing fingers at her. 
How many people she'll answer or how she'll face everyone? 
I know nor you, neither Nawal want to marry but tell me..
Ilham needs a mother. 
You'll never be able to fulfill that need and I feel this is the right time to get married.
Ilham is young. She doesn't know her mother. 
She'll accept Nawal as her mother. 
If she grows up, it'll create a problem for you, Kabeer.
But Aaliya..
Before you say no, think about it. After whatever happened, would anyone marry Nawal?
She will spend her life alone because of you.
God forbid, if she does something with herself, you'll be responsible for it.
Even if I agree for it, Nawal won't because she doesn't want to marry me.
Nawal has no objections.
Her aunt called me. 
Nawal has said yes to the proposal.
Now its up to you to decide.
 You tell me.
Please listen to me. Its for the best for you two.
Alright. Do whatever you think is fine.
Make Ilham like you..
I miss mom very much..
My dear..
Parents don't leave you alone even if they leave this world. 
They're always with you.
As prayers.. 
Sultana's prayers are with you. May God give you a beautiful future.
She'll be happy to see you happy.