Saad, I am not in a hurry to get married.
I only shared my opinion. I will get married whenever my dad and family will want
I am not in a hurry to get married.
I don't know why Zara is continuously calling him. He told me that she called him yesterday as well.
She said that if I can talk to my parents despite being a girl then why can't you talk to your parents since you are a boy
I don't know why is she in so much hurry.
Let's discuss about marriage. Right?
So tell us brother
What is the order of your daughter?
Which date has been fixed by her for her marriage?
What's this nonsense Farida?
What kind of discussion is this?
Zara, crying like this won't solve any problem.
Everyone is trying to tell you this thing. 
That house is not suitable for you.
Brother Adeel is a very nice person. No one says anything to him. 
You should talk to him once.
And he should realize that the reason behind his shifting to Karachi is his mom and sister.
Do you know, what was discussed there?
Why are you hiding that from me?
Tell me, what did they say to dad?
I don't know anything.
And everything is in front of you.
Haven't you realized yet?
Whatever has happened there is not right Zara.
Listen, dad has come back from hospital so stop crying. Please Zara.
What happened?
Nothing has happened. I think there is some problem downstairs. Let's go there.
You scared me. Nothing must have happened there.
What happened?
All the lights of house are switched on.
 I doubt that something is wrong.
Oh God. Maybe sister-in-law forgot to switch off lights.
I think, brother Manzoor has come back.
How can he come back from Zara's in-laws' house so soon. 
Something is wrong. Let's go there.
Adnan
Where would brother Manzoor go if he wouldn't come back to his house? It's the limit.
But how can he come back so soon. Let's go.
Don't interfere in others' matters.
Go to sleep. We will go there tomorrow.
Mind your own business.
Oh, you spoiled my sleep.
Let's leave the room and let dad take rest.
OK uncle, I am leaving as well.
OK my son.
Don't mention this thing in your house about what was happened there.
Right uncle.
Thank you so much Saad my son.
We reached hospital on time only because of you otherwise...
What are you talking about?
OK, I am leaving now. Good bye.
Thanks my son
Where is Zara?
She is here.
Where are you going?
I want to meet dad.
Let him take rest. Meet him later.
I want to see him.
Zara, what you wanted to do with him, you have done that. Now, let him take rest.
What is my fault? Why are you blaming me?
I don't even know that what was discussed there. Saad.
Saad, make her understand.
I am not her enemy. I am saying this for her betterment. 
Maybe she understands your point.
Maheen is right. Dad needs to take rest now.
But Saad.
I will bring tea. You talk to each other.
Yes please.
Come with me.
But.
Come with me.
Hello, I have just come back after offering Fajar prayer.
Someone has told me that God accepts prayers after obligatory prayers.
Really?
So tell me, what did you pray for me?
It's not good to tell others before our prayers get accepted 
and especially to that person for whom we pray in front of God.
Aqib, I am very tensed because of one thing.
I have lost my phone and all of my data.
And there were so many pictures of both you and me.
So what?
Why are you so scared?
What do you mean?
What if that person viral our pictures then?
There won't be any such thing.
Those were just normal pictures.
To go viral, pictures must be weird.
I am serious Aqib. I am really tensed. What do you mean by that?
Yes, if we file a complain in police then they can find your phone.
There are so many crimes in Hyderabad. 
Will police start to find my phone by leaving their other tasks.
If police gets money then not only your phone they can find even a small needle.
If I had that much money then I would have found your phone.
And then all your worry would end and mine as well.
OK, tell me, how much money is required.
Mirha, now you are embarrassing me.
As I said that if I had that much money then I would have found your phone.
But I will try my best.
Aqib tell me if you can do anything otherwise I will do something.
I am really tensed about it. Do something.
And as you know that my elder sister already doubts both of us.
That's right Mirha but I want to arrange that money myself.
Tell me, how much money is required.
Mirha, let me try myself.
Aqib tell me, how much amount is required.
I want to get my mobile back at any cost. Don't worry about money.
OK Mirha, promise me first that 
as soon as I will arrange that money, you will take that money back from me.
Aqib.
Please, promise me.
Do you know, I have already talked to them.
OK fine. I promise. Now tell me how much amount is required.
Well, I think your phone's cost was around fifty to sixty thousand. Right?
So approximately half of that amount will be required i.e. twenty five to thirty thousand rupees.
Twenty five to thirty thousand. That's too much.
Yes it is.
I also said that but they are not agreeing.
And this much amount is needed.
But if you don't have that much money then just leave.
Let me do something.
Let me ask brother Adeel to give me that amount. He will give me. He won't ask any question.
I will tell you if anything happens.
OK, tell me about your foot.
It's fine.
OK, Good bye.
Saad, there is no such thing.
Everyone is trying to tell you this.
You should talk to Adeel. He is responsible to manage everything for you.
That's why I don't tell you anything
 because you start to cry instead of finding any solution to that problem.
OK, stop crying.
As you know that I can't see tears in your eyes. It hurts me.
Take tea.
Dad is very worried for you.
Has he slept
No, he is awake.
So why didn't Maheen allow me to meet him?
I don't know.
Saad take tea.
Zara
Where are you going?
I am going to meet dad.
Forgive me Mr. Manzoor that my brother's family misbehaved with you.
It's OK.
Don't mention it again.
And I don't want you to talk to brother Ahmed about this matter.
Why?
Why wouldn't I talk to him? It's not a minor thing. 
When Zara will go there after marriage then they will do the same with her.
I am saying this because of Zara that don't talk to him.
She is our daughter and we can't compete against groom's family.
If we will keep quiet now then how will we stand with Zara in future?
I asked you to take me with you.
 If I was there then I would have talked to my brother.
That would be a different story.
Brother Ahmed was so worried.
And he apologized as well.
Both those women ruined my brother's life.
And they will do the same thing to my Zara, I was not afraid without any reason.
Sarwat.
I have complete faith in Zara.
When she has said that she will handle the situation then she will do that.
Why don't you try to understand.
Zara wants to spend her life with Adeel in any case.
And I kept myself quiet because of her happiness.
No matter if they humiliate us.
If you are compromising because of Zara then why didn't sister Farida keep quiet because of Adeel.
Mr. Manzoor, I am telling you that you are considering Zara's happiness but she can't live happily there.
Listen, I am her father.
And it's my duty to take care of her happiness.
But if I will give priority to myself then things will get worse.
I am not that selfish and egoistic that I don't allow my daughter to live happily.
Only because of this reason that her mother-in-law and sister-in-law have humiliated me.
And what will your daughter do to prevent her father's honor?
Isn't there any obligation on her? Why can't she see her father's insult?
You won't discuss anything with Zara.
If you ask a single question from Zara then no one would be worse than me. Remember that.
Why don't you understand?
If Zara leaves this house after her marriage or
 if God forbid any mishap happens then in both cases we will be humiliated.
And why do you forget?
She is married to Adeel, it's not an engagement.
That we give back ring and break engagement.
Don't worry.
God will make everything better.
And what will your daughter do to protect her father's honor?
Isn't there any obligation on her? Why can't she see her father's humiliation?
Hello.
What happened Zara? Are you crying?
What's the matter Zara? Tell me, what happened?
Don't you know?
No, I don't know.
OK please stop crying and tell me what happened?
I have made a mistake Adeel.
I shouldn't have made that promise with you.
You told me
Both of us promised with each other that we will never fight with each other because of anyone else.
We will never raise questions in front of each other.
Yes, I said that and I promised you but
What happened? Which mistake are you talking about?
I shouldn't have made that promise with you.
Zara. Relax.
Tell me what happened? Has anyone said something to you?
Adeel there would be no problem if they had said anything to me.
Aunt Farida and Mahi humiliated dad so much that he has come back home.
When did it happen?
And why didn't anyone tell me about it? I don't know anything about it.
And you didn't tell me as well.
What would you do Adeel if I told you?
You couldn't do anything.
Maheen is right.
Zenny, mom and Saad, everyone is right.
But I couldn't understand.
We can't get married Adeel.
Zara, what are you talking about? Are you in your senses?
Your family members hate me so how can we get married and if we married even then...
Then..
What do you mean by that?
That won't remain in tact.
That will break or will be broken forcefully.
Whatever aunt Farida has done to dad, she didn't do that because of him
 instead she has done that because of me.
And she will do that again and again.
Have you remembered Adeel, I told you
That to me the most important thing in this world is my dad's honor.
That's why I have made my decision that I won't marry you.
Please forgive me Adeel.
Zara listen to me. Hello.
Stop this illiterate mindset.
Adeel, you are calling mom an illiterate because of your mother-in-law.
You are giving priority to your in-laws in front of your own family.
Don't extract wrong meanings of my words.
Is it necessary to create fuss in every matter?
I will create fuss now.
Why were you quiet at that time when dad was giving divorce threat to mom because of Zara?
Now the fuss will be created.
Saad. Saad.
Where are you going early morning?
I am going to home.
You are going to home. At this time you come back home. Is everything alright?
Do you want me to do anything for you or do I go home?
No, I just want to have a chat with you. Come.
Brother Adnan, I am very tired.
I want to take rest.
Well, you went to Zara's in-laws' house.
To fix your friend's marriage.
But what happened? Didn't they refuse?
Brother Adnan.
You are my elder so I respect you.
But think before you say something.
What if someone listens?
Who will listen, is anyone here?
There is no one here except you and me.
You look so tired. Tell me what happened?
It would be better for you to get that information yourself.
I will get that information.
How is it?
Very beautiful.
Now it is looking more beautiful.
Look, you love Zara so much and when she will go to Hyderabad after her marriage then you will feel bad about that. Right?
And I know that you have a very good friendship and love. I heard your conversation candidly.
You went to Zara's in-law's house. To fix your friend's marriage.
But what happened? Didn't they refuse?
Mom I didn't expect this from you.
At least you should have cared that they are not only our relatives but my in-laws as well.
Which relatives and which in-laws.
Go to hell such relatives
They have already controlled both you and your father. 
They have done some magic on you.
For God's sake mom. Please.
Stop such illiterate mindset.
Adeel.
You are calling mom an illiterate because of your mother-in-law.
You are giving priority to your in-laws in front of your own family.
Don't extract wrong meanings of my words.
Is it necessary to create a fuss in every matter?
I will create fuss now.
Why did you kept yourself quiet when dad was giving divorce threat to mom because of Zara?
The fuss will be created now.
And listen to me.
Didn't you ask your father-in-law.
He only told you selected things about mom.
You should ask him. I was sitting there with mom as a witness. She didn't say anything.
And if I said anything then what's wrong with that? Tell me.
Ask them to come here in front of me. Let me talk to them.
Why don't you understand that girls of our family don't discuss matters of their marriage?
And neither parents of girls visit groom's house to fix marriage date.
I said that so what's wrong with it and what's lie in it?
Yes.
The girls of our family don't discuss about their marriage.
They discuss about divorce.
In our family parents don't go to fix daughter's marriage 
but they go to court to obtain divorce for their daughters.
He taunted me.
He has taunted me mom.
It's OK then
Now you will also give divorce to her.
Just like your father has threatened me to give divorce because of his daughter-in-law
In the same way you should also make a decision
 and tell me about your choice between your mother and your wife.
What happened Adeel?
Tell us.
You are so talkative but why are you quiet now.
Adeel, come to my room.
Go and make plans with your father.
But tell me about your decision when you come back.
Mom, I forbade you that don't discuss that matter but why did you do that?
Don't teach me. I know very well that what I have to do.
You don't know anything.
Everyone is doing what he wants.
Dad
Dad, I am really sorry. Please forgive me.
No my child.
You haven't done anything.
So much bad happened to you because of me. Sorry dad.
That didn't happen because of you.
What has to happen, happens.
Don't blame yourself. That was not your fault.
Did you talk to Adeel?
Yes.
When will he come?
Did he say that?
Yes
You are saying as if you don't know anything.
He also told me what you have said to him.
He is very worried. He is a sensible boy.
He will handle the situation.
I am happy that you have chosen a good life partner for yourself.
Don't take such minor things seriously my child.
Be happy.
Your life will pass in a good way.
Hmm?
Are you feeling better now?
Chill.
This is not a minor thing Zara that you can ignore it. 
Dad is saying this because he loves you.
OK, don't ask about his humiliation.
Let's forget what they did to dad.
But why don't you understand that they won't keep you happy.
And what will you do if Adeel will start to favor his mother and sister in future?
But let brother come here once.
How can we make any decision without talking to him.
He is coming alone here. Do you understand this situation?
I have forbidden Adeel to come here.
You have forbidden brother Adeel to come here.
No.
From marrying to him.
What?
What are you talking about? 
You refused to get married to him. Are you in your senses?
So it means that he is coming here to appease you 
but you won't get convinced because you are not an easy target for him at all.
And they should have realized that their forceful behavior with you won't be tolerated at all.
Zara listen to me.
You listen to me. She is absolutely right. Don't stop her.
In-laws house is like a forest. Do you know?
And in that forest only those animals can survive who are strong and who can fight for their lives.
But for that it is necessary to be an animal.
And neither Zara nor brother Adeel is any animal.
Get well soon. Won't you dance in your brother's wedding?
Brother, if I will dance in your wedding then mom will break my leg again.
By the way brother, I don't like that you are going alone.
If I was alright then I would have gone with you.
I have to go alone
Those children whose parents only create fuss. 
They know how to handle that situation.
Don't worry about me, I will handle that situation. Just take care of yourself.
Brother, I need some cash.
How much?
Twenty five thousand.
Twenty five thousand?
Why do you need that much money?
Oh so you will ask questions before giving me money now?
This never happened before brother Adeel.
There is no such thing. I am just asking that why do you need that much money? 
Is there any problem?
Just leave it. Mom is right.
You haven't married yet but your behavior has changed.
Sister Zara has controlled you.
Stop it. Now you are saying the same thing.
OK, I have ten thousand.
Keep it, I will give you remaining amount later.
No brother, I need complete amount right now.
If you won't give me that amount then I will say the same thing again.
Well, my only brother is being controlled by my sister-in-law Zara.
OK keep it. I will give you remaining amount. Take it.
Here is your complete twenty five thousand. Take it.
Are you happy now?
Thank you.
OK take care of yourself. I am getting late for the office. I have to go.
Good bye.
Now tell me, what will you do?
He is going to his in-laws' house.
He will go there and apologize to them.
And they will forgive him.
What will you do?
Adeel has already told you about his decision.
You asked him to chose between mom and wife
So he has responded you.
He doesn't need you mom.
OK, OK.
I don't care for anyone. He can do whatever he wants.
You should take care of him.
Why are you showing your stubbornness.
You it very well that Adeel won't leave Zara at any cost.
It's OK then. He should leave his mom.
I won't agree. I am telling you.
Why don't you understand such a minor thing?
Your son has left you and informed you about his decision.
Mom use your brain.
How can you spare that girl because of whom your son has left you?
You won't spare Zara. You have to bring her here after her marriage.
Then you will take your revenge.
Are you getting my point?
You start to cry, I don't understand why?
Stop crying now.