What I want to say is that I want you to forget about the past.
You should not have any complaints against us, nor should we have any complaints against you.
And even if we do, we shouldn't mention it to each other.
Do whatever you want.
But don't expect anything from me.
Extend your hand in friendship, but don't ask me to do the same thing.
If you want to remove her from this house...
then you must grab her first.
She wants to control him and through him rule over this house and us.
Learn something from her.
What better way could there be to rule over one's husband's heart?
What could be a better way for her to love her family? What's so wrong with it?
Adnan?
Are you not coming downstairs for lunch? Brother Manzoor is asking about you.
I'm watching my favorite drama.
Tell him that I've fallen asleep.
Everyone is waiting for you downstairs and you're watching your drama.
There's a drama going downstairs.
What do you mean?
You really are naive.
Shortly there will be a battle between a daughter and daughter-in-law.
It's nothing like that.
Everything is normal.
Oh really, tell me something...
Why is Dolly staying here?
Such is the situation.
It's expected of her to stay.
No it isn't. She's staying here to provoke Maheen.
What's the matter with you Adnan? She's Ali's elder sister.
Why would she do that to her?
She's Ali's elder sister, that's why she's tolerating her.
Just wait and watch what Dolly says.
Look how innocently how she found a reason to stay.
It seems these dramas have started to have an affect on your mind.
Don't make stories in your head.
Be mindful. I know that family and I know those girls for so many years.
It's nothing like that.
Oh really! You think that Dolly is naive and doesn't know how the world work?
Do you think that? You'll see how Dolly will control everything.
She's a sweet knife. Be mindful of her.
This house might appear to be brother Manzoor's, but in reality it belongs to his son.
So it would be best for you if you are friends with Dolly.
I'll get going.
Where are you going?
You just told me that brother Manzoor invited me, where else would I be going then?
I can never read you. You're always so unpredictable.
You're right.
Dolly had decided to stay here!
Could someone please ask her the reason for her staying?
I admit that our parents are worried, but will her staying fix everything?
I'm telling you right now, she's only here to impress Ali.
I know very well how much she cares about this family and the people living inside it.
And Zaini, I'm surprised at you.
Don't you understand how you'll be treated over there?
What would happen to me? What would Dolly staying here do to me?
Do you really not understand?
Yes, I do no understand what you're trying to say.
How can I forget that people in this house understand things when it's already harmed them.
Then everyone regrets it. That is what bothers me.
What are you trying to say? What's the problem if she's staying here?
If she's staying here, then I'm sure people will praise her when they visit us.
Let me tell you, everyone will compare her to you.
Why would everyone compare her to me?
You're marrying her brother and she is marrying yours. So a comparison is expected.
And tell me one thing, when auntie Asfa had her operation how many days did you stay there?
Zara went there, should we all have gone there?
Zara did, not you. You are the one who will be married into that house, not Zara.
I said this then, if you had listened to me then this wouldn't have been happening right now.
It's very clear, ask Saad to come here and take Dolly away from here. Do you understand?
Sister, you're making lunch?
What's so surprising about it?
I'm not surprised.
I was just asking. Can I help you do some work?
No... lunch is almost ready. Mahi offered her help as well. Not long until it's finished.
Thank you.
I was asking because I care about you.
What are you making?
Rice and lentils. It's all that I could make considering the time.
Do you know we had stopped asking brother Adeel about what to make for lunch.
Whenever we asked him he used to say one thing, rice with lentils.
I'm sure you know that about him.
Sister... I hope you didn't mind.
I'll make the salad. Alright?
Sister.
Mother... mother!
Mother...
What's the matter? Why are you calling me?
Sister Zara is not well.
Please check up on her.
What's so worrying about that?
Ask your father to take her to the doctor.
Mother you don't understand. This is not something that father can do.
Go and check. Take her to the hospital.
What do you mean to say?
Mother, I think that sister Zara is about to become a mother.
I hope what you're saying is true.
Check where Mahi is, call her.
Thank you so much God.
I could never have imagined this.
Tell him right now.
Sister, you're asking me to tell Saad to take Dolly away from here.
How can I say this to him?
Why can't you?
Will he not like it? Will he refuse to listen to you?
He will only refuse when I ask him something like this. I will do no such thing.
Sure why would you?
Since I'm asking you to do this, I'm sure you won't ask him to take her away.
Alright fine, do whatever you want. I'm insane for thinking in everyone's best interest.
I was saying this for your well being.
You're not married yet and it would be better if you are able to control Saad.
Do what you want as Zara did, good for you.
If you ever have to cry, be sure to close your door before you do.
I don't want to hear you crying.
Don't worry.
You won't hear my cries and God willing I won't be crying in my room.
You'll see.
Alright. That's very good. I hope your trust remains.
There could be nothing better than that, even though I don't see that happening.
There are things that can be better.
You should at least keep things positive between us.
Mother... what am I hearing? What was Mirha saying?
Yes she told me... pray that what she's saying is the truth.
Mirha is a child... use your brain.
Vomiting doesn't necessarily mean that. Maybe she has a stomach bug.
What are you saying! I'm sure that this is good news.
I will be getting my Adeel back.
Alright mother, but first have her checked.
That's what I'm saying. Let's take her to the doctor and have her checked up.
Sure we'll go, so that you are satisfied.
But let me tell you, my heart tells me that this is good news.
God isn't unjust. He took Adeel from me...
and now He'll return him to me. I'll name him Adeel.
I'll ask Zara to get ready.
Zara... what are you doing in this heat?
Go inside the room, turn on the AC and lie down.
Why?
What do you mean? You'll grow unwell.
Give this to me. I'll cook lunch today. Go and rest.
I'm fine, nothing has happened to me.
You're right. You have to tell everyone that you're fine.
We don't know what's inside people's hearts.
When the time comes everyone will know.
I don't know what you're talking about...
All of us are expecting a little Adeel, do you understand what I'm saying now?
Mother is ready and you should too.
Mother mentioned to me that you were pregnant.
Get out of the heat and change.
Do whatever you want. I'm insane for thinking about everyone's best interest.
I was saying this for you well being.
You're not married and it would be wise you have better control of Saad.
Do whatever you want like Zara did. Good for you.
I told you before and I'm telling you again.
If you want to cry, close your doors because I don't want to hear it.
We are expecting a little Adeel, do you understand what I'm saying now?
Zara why are you still not ready? Get ready, mother is waiting for you.
I don't want to go.
You're crying?
Zara, pray for everything to be good.
I don't think it's what you guys think it is.
We can only know that when we go to the doctor.
Besides you are not well, we have to go to the doctor.
You have five minutes. Auntie Bushra is here as well, she'll come with us.
Hurry up.
What happened? Are you upset?
No, I'm not upset.
Alright fine... you were sitting here alone, I thought you were upset.
Will you not ask me what I'm hiding from you?
Will you no ask me why I'm lying to you?
You're lying to me.
No.
What's the matter Zaini?
Are you hiding something from me?
It's nothing... you need not worry. I'm perfectly fine.
You must be tired, rest up... sleep for a while.
Hmm.
That's good advice. I'm going to sleep.
Zaini...
Why are you behaving so strangely with me?
Do you mind me saying something?
Happy engagement anniversary.
I'm so sorry I completely forgot.
Zaini I'm sorry, I forgot.
I'm sorry.
Zaini...
What better could there be to rule over your husband's heart?
What better way there could be to love his home and family.
Only love should govern a household.
What's the matter? Why are you smiling alone?
It's nothing mother, can't I smile?
Why not? I want you to always smile.
What were you looking at? Whose photographs are these?
They are photographs from brother's and Zaini's engagement.
Mother do you remember when you guys were talking about Ali and I getting married,
Zara talked about my brother and Zaini getting married.
Sister Maheen wasn't happy then as well.
Yes... I remember everything. Zara created such a scene.
She was so happy after the engagement.
Time passes by so quickly.
Since we're here, let me order a cake.
We'll do a minor celebration, it will improve everyone's mood.
Dolly, that would be a foolish thing to do.
You know what happened here, still you're saying such things.
I don't know why you said that. Sorry mother...
I just said it. Don't say anything like that again.
Alright? It doesn't seem nice.
If you want to do anything ask Saad to take Zaini somewhere out for dinner.
When he picks her up from university.
I'm sure he'll take her without me saying anything.
He takes care of everyone here.
Besides, everyone loves him. Like their son.
Why wouldn't they, my brother takes care of everyone.
Shall I say something mother?
I've been noticing that Zaini has been different lately.
Brother limits himself away from her as well.
I was wondering if something happened at Zara's home.
Did auntie Fareeda say something to brother?
Don't think of such negative things.
If it were like that, we would have known.
Besides, he loves you so much, still you don't stop complaining.
Leave it mother.
You know we are guests here.
And you have just been engaged.
I know mother, but that doesn't mean that you stop me.
You always scold me. No one asks sister Maheen why she behaves this way with me.
You scold me all the time. No one cares, even you.
What?
I don't care about you? I only care about you.
If you do, then let me do what I want to do.
Why do you always stop me?
What's the matter with you?
Dolly... this girl...
Congratulations, you are about to become a grandmother.
Really... thank God!
Do you see... God listened to me.
God has listened to me.
You still talk to him Mirha? Don't you suspect Aqib at all?
No... love and suspicion can never exist in the same plain.
You're being metaphorical again, I would ask you to be practical again.
I understand that you didn't know anything about Aqib when things began with him...
But you do know now, be honest to yourself and tell me if you two have any match.
You're saying this because he's poor, right?
Sadaf, that is a very disgusting mindset.
I didn't expect this from you.
I didn't expect this from you. Do you think I'm talking about him being poor?
Whatever you think is wrong.
I've told you so many times to not speak in my matters, then why are you?
You'll regret it Mirha. End your friendship with Aqib, he's not a nice man.
Let me tell you something.
Aqib says the same thing about you, should I end my friendship with you?
You're thinking of ending our friendship because of Aqib?
I'm not saying that Sadaf...
I'm trying to make you understand that both of you have your place.
 You two shouldn't have a problem with each other.
You two compare yourself with each other all the time.
Congratulations you are about to become a grandmother.
Really... thank God.
Do you see... God has listened to me.
God has listened to me... didn't I tell you...
You have to take good care of yourself. Take these medicine regularly.
Don't worry doctor... I'll take care of her.
Can I come in?
I came to sleep.
But I knew that it was just an excuse.
What's the matter Zaini? Are you upset?
What difference does it make?
It does make a difference.
Should we go out somewhere?
Why?
Why?
I have a friend that used to say that if one celebrates the little things...
then they become grand.
I know.
That same friend always reminded you that I was part of your life.
Whatever you've done up till now is because of that friend.
Because of that friend you engaged me.
What do you mean to say?
You know I forgot. I forgot.
Yes.
You do forget, only things concerned with me.
You forget everything related to me.
If Zara was present in our lives... would you have engaged me?
Zaini I'm apologizing to you.
You wouldn't have.
If she hadn't asked you, you wouldn't even have looked at me.
The way she didn't remind you today.
A year ago...
we were engaged on her say so.
It's nothing like that, for no reason...
Nothing happens for no reason. There is a reason behind everything.
The reason you're upset...
is not right. 
You know the situation everyone is in, so what if I forgot?
Yes... you forget.
But it's always been like this, it isn't the first time.
You have to be reminded.
You just said that you needed to be reminded.
When your father died, it was Zara's birthday ten or twelve days after that.
You brought a cake for her, you brought gifts for her.
Even if it was small, you celebrated her birthday.
Are you comparing yourself to Zara?
No...
I'm telling you that what you're portraying yourself to be...
you aren't like that.
If you know how I am, 
then you also must know that I don't believe in providing explanations.
Ahmed... do you know what happened?
What happened now?
It's good news.
I took Zara to the doctor. The doctor said that she was pregnant.
You're about to become a grandfather.
Is that the truth?
Why would I joke about this?
Thank God. God is great!
Will you keep sitting here? 
Meet your daughter-in-law, buy sweetmeats for us!
No... first I will offer prayers of gratitude, then I will buy the sweetmeats.
Sit down, I'll be right back.
Of course...
I was the one who told mother. Otherwise no one noticed.
Alright fine, you told us.
No need to say it in front of everyone.
She's right. You need to take care of yourself.
You have Adeel's child with you. God have gifted you this support.
God has helped you, now take care of yourself.
Should I go to my room?
I didn't ask you to rest. We would like it if you sit with us.
Let her go auntie, she must be tired. Go Zara.
Mirha take Zara away. Sadaf sit with her, she'll feel better if you sit with her.
Go ahead.
Come on.
Fareeda, why are you creating a commotion?
If you create such noise, then that girl will make you dance around her.
I'll be right back.
Do you see what mother is doing? It's an old habit of hers.
She forgets everything.
She didn't accept her when her son was alive.
Why is she accepting her now? I told you to send her back, but no..
She won't leave now. I don't think your mother will let her go now.
Say positive things.
My daughter was so happy.
Are you...
thinking what I'm thinking? Will we let her stay there?
How can I leave my own child?
Once Adeel's child is born, they are the ones that will keep the child.
Talk to brother Ahmed, ask him to send Zara back.
Don't look at me like this.
I'll talk to them. I will bring her back. I would have brought her back right now if she hadn't refused.
No.
Don't talk to them. I'll talk to them.
Indeed... I won't leave Zara there. No matter what anyone says.
My child is about to become a mother, she needs someone to take care of her.
I want her to be happy. Sister Fareeda might be in a good mood today, but if...
she treats my daughter cruelly...
I will bring her back here.
Nothing will happen to her.
Everything will be fine, I'll talk to them.
My dear can I come in?
My dear... how are you feeling now?
I'm fine uncle.
My dear, you didn't come to eat.
I didn't feel like it.
My dear, eat something.
Otherwise you'll get sick.
Your aunt gave me the news.
I'm very happy.
And... your auntie is very happy as well.
I've seen her this happy for the first time in her life.
My dear, did you call your family and tell them?
You should have.
After such a long time both families are getting such great news.
I forgot what it was like to be happy.
But this news has refreshed me.
My dear, you have to be strong.
I'm trying uncle.
But no one can fill Adeel's absence.
You're right, no one...
can fill Adeel's absence, not even us.
But my dear, we can't stop living our lives.
And look... God...
God have given you this happiness.
God willing, you'll get the strength to fight your sadness.
There is no better healer than time.
With time our sadness fades away.
Scars never leave us uncle.
You're right, they don't...
God is giving you gift as well.
Be strong.
Am I not a father who is being strong as well?
Be strong...
I'll ask Mahi to bring something for you to eat.
Eat something my dear.
I'll go now.
What are you doing here? Who asked you to cook dinner?
Dinner is routine. Someone has to make it.
I know how to make it.
I can make it for myself.
Your mother asked me to make it.
I couldn't refuse.
Tell her that I asked you not to.
I don't like someone else working in my kitchen.
Your kitchen?
I understand... here you go... carry on. Mother likes a soft diet,
 if you don't understand anything you can ask me.
Sure I will... she's been eating a soft diet for so long without getting better.
You're getting angry, I was saying that because I was worried about her.
What illness does she have? I never asked.
It's not just one illness... there are lots of them.
Actually... it started after father died.
Sometimes I think it's because of father's death.
Good wives are cared for by their husbands.
Such wives can't live without them. Carry on.