You will have to tell the truth to everyone.
 Whatever you did to my sister-in-law, now you will tell everyone that it was not her fault.
She can never become a mother.
Zara has gone back to her house.
Yes
Mirha
the police has arrested Aqib
don't you worry at all, he will get strict punishment
thank you brother Saad
thank you so much!
did you talk to the doctor, how is he?
he will be fine, mom
if God wills, he will be fine
mom, I will be back in a minute
I'm coming in a while
Zara, we got to know about brother Ahmed's health
but dear, we didn't had the courage to face his wife
Sir, I respect you a lot
but whatever you guys did with Mahi
none of us will forgive you for that ever
I agree that aunt & Mahi hid the truth from you
but you could have come to our house, & discussed it
the way you have made my uncle's spectacle, & got him humiliated by not bringing the wedding procession
who will repent for it?
today, in whatever condition my uncle is. Both of you are responsible for it
you are right, dear
but what we could do?
the situation was as such at that time
that we couldn't understand anything and...
and we did such a big injustice with Mahi
I don't have any complaint with you, but with him
you had said "yes" for this proposal
if you couldn't nurture this relation, then why you did false promises with Mahi?
its not only one person's duty to handle the relation
its everyone's right to do second or third marriage
and if a person is not comfortable with its past, and doesn't want to tell you
then you shouldn't force that person & leave that matter
Instead, you had left Mahi
that's why I came here to apologize to all of you
you shouldn't apologize to me but Mahi
you had hurt her, you are her criminal
I will apologize to all of you
but before that you have to tell me
that if you didn't get to know this matter from our house, then who told you this?
No... No
what are you saying?
its true dad, we are being deceived. Mahi is divorced
her family hid such a big reality from us
but dear, there is a possibility that whoever told you this must be telling a lie
its impossible dad! Zara's sister Maheen had personally told me this
now tell me, do you still think this matter could be fake?
really!
it means that Zara also hid this matter from me
dad, there might be so many things which we don't know
and after talking from Maheen, I had realized that don't know how many more matters of Mahi she is hiding
dad, do something & stop this wedding. This proposal isn't good for Zaviyar
Maheen, your elder sister...  told this matter to us
then how come we could have ignored it?
yes!
but we did a mistake that we couldn't come & talk to you on this matter
and dear, that's why we are here today to apologize to all of you & to tell the truth
Zara!
uncle's condition..
what!
are you Mr. Ahmed's family?
yes yes
we tried our level best, but we couldn't save him
I'm sorry, he is no more
No...  no
Zara!
what happened?
uncle is no more, my dear
my brother left us
but you were saying that he'll be fine
Zara...
your dad had left us
mom!
mom, please compose yourself
brother...
mom, please compose yourself
your father has left us alone
my brother...
mom, there is a bad news from Hyderabad
oh God, what happened?
uncle Ahmed died
"Indeed, to Allah we belong and to Allah we shall return"
may God give him a highest place in the paradise
Amen
how is sister Sarwat?
she must be crying a lot, as she couldn't meet her brother in his last moments
Ali was telling me that mom is really unwell
her condition is so bad due to continuous crying
neither she ate or drank anything
even aunt Fareeda is apologizing now with everyone for her bad behavior
what's the use of it now? The one who had to die has died already. So what's the benefit of apologizing now?
don't know, I didn't talk to him in detail. Maybe, she regrets about something
Thank God that she also feels regretful
the child didn't bear something small, what not she had tolerated
mom, I was always sympathetic towards Zara
she has suffered a lot, don't know why all such things happens with her?
yes, but I am happy in God's will
what do you mean mom, I didn't get it
Zara became my daughter-in-law, and God had to bring her to my house
you are right, mom
but now both of them shall agree to live together
they will agree
you'll see, if God wills..
Mom, we can say this only if Zara agrees
what is the importance of yours or my words ?
dear, show some patience... if God wills
if my God wants...
you'll see, if God willing... Zara & Saad's family will also experience good blessings
If God wills
compose yourself, mom
I won't eat
I won't eat anything
you haven't eaten anything since yesterday, aunty
eat little
for my sake
please
mom..
I think...
you should go to aunty
she needs you, please forget the past
please
everything is finished, Sarwat
everything is finished
Sarwat, please forgive me
I had hurt your feelings so much
I had hurt your feelings a lot
Ahmed had explained me so many times
but I had never agreed with him
what shall I do, Sarwat?
See, how God took revenge from me
He didn't gave me a chance to apologize to my husband & son for hurting their feelings
I couldn't apologize & both of them had left
I am such an unlucky woman
my husband died, my only son died
everything is finished
everything is finished... Sarwat, I am left alone. All Alone!
please don't say such things, we all are with you
my brother had respected you so much, sister
he had never confronted you on anything wrong
if he ever did anything against your will then...
he did it for the betterment of this family, sister
my brother was such a nice person
he was such a dear brother
you are right
you are absolutely correct!
I couldn't understand ever
Sarwat, I never wanted to understand that whatever he is doing is for the betterment of this house & family
I couldn't understand
I always used to favor wrong things for my entire life
I always used to falsify the truth
I favored the lie & kept on proving the truth as wrong
the one who had to die has died already, sister
just pray that he gets our apologies
and they shall be accepted, sister
I pray that God also accepts them
my brother shall also forgive us
forget the past
forget?
how can I forget that?
how can I forget?
Sarwat, there had been two deaths in this house within a year's time
my only son had left me
my husband had left me, how can I forget it?
why am I alive, why I didn't die?
he was my sky..
he was my land...
I am left without any support
I don't have anyone now
aunt, why are you talking such hopeless things?
your words will hurt Adeel & uncle's soul. Please don't say such things
Zara... my child
please forgive me
I did a lot of injustices with you
I did so many cruelties
I have forgiven you, aunty
I don't have any complaint
I don't have any complaint against you.
You haven't forgiven me?
my Lord, please forgive me
come in
Mahi
I am going to my house
take care of yourself
Zara
please forgive me, Zara
please forgive me
I hated you so much
so much that...
my hatred had burnt me
whatever I did with you
nobody can thought of it
my only brother...
I had killed my only brother's child
sit down
Zara, I caused you so much of loss
however, you weren't at fault
why will you ruin my life
I had become so mad in your hatred that..
I had used Aqib
and dad..
dad...
Zara, dad was so upset when he got to know everything
he didn't even forgave me
please forgive me Zara, I beg you
please forgive me
she had pushed me deliberately 
she had snatched Adeel's last memorable from me
she had snatched my baby from me, only because of you!
not only she did this
 in order to oust me from that house, she had alleged me of being characterless
so that I can get defamed & can never go back to that house 
tea
Sawera
yes brother?
I can't find my file, don't know where Mahi had kept it. Can you please find it for me?
let me check
dear, I wanted to ask you something
yes mom, go ahead
had Maheen gone somewhere with her mother?
No, she didn't
Okay
she is completely quiet since she came back, she isn't talking with anyone
No, she didn't discuss any such thing with me
brother, I found these 2 files. Check which one is yours
this blue one
shall I keep it back?
show me, what is this
what is this?
what happened, dear?
what happened, will anyone tell me?
Nothing
mom... sister Maheen is here
what happened, why all of you are looking at me like this?
mom, why did you slap me?
I should have slapped you long time ago, Maheen
if I had an idea that how low you've stooped
Why? What as such I have done, that you are making my spectacle in front of all?
are you saying this, Mahi?
you have made the spectacle of my life
I had lost Adeel's house because of you!
what rubbish you are talking? What as such I have done, Zara?
your hatred, & jealousy took over my house as well
my character got tainted, just because of you!
are you in your senses? You are my sister Zara, how can I be the reason of this?
how can I do it with you & why?
what do you think, Mahi? What were you thinking?
that you'll do a conspiracy to ruin someone's life & nothing wrong will happen with you!
you will stay fine
from the beginning of this world, every person has reap whatever he had sown
who got the punishment of your actions?
your own family... me
all of us got affected by this storm
you had called sir Alam's family to take revenge from Mahi
and told them everything about Mahi's past
this is a lie, I haven't done any such thing
I know everything, sir Alam had told me everything!
Sir Alam told me that you called Farah & told her everything about Mahi's first marriage
yes, I had called but just to congratulate her. That's it, mom
again you are lying
how much more you'll lie, Maheen?
do you know, what Mahi did with me because of you?
how low she had gone to hurt me?
do you know, what she did?
she had pushed me deliberately
she had snatched Adeel's last memorable from me
she had snatched my baby from me, only because of you!
not only she did this
in order to oust me from that house, she had alleged me of being characterless
so that I can get defamed & can never go back to that house
its all because of you
Zara, Mahi had pushed you?
you had a miscarriage because you had slipped due to her push?
oh my God!
Zara, I kept asking you my child. I asked you to tell me what happened but you didn't uttered a single word
you had beared everything all alone
mom, whatever happened with me... whatever
its all because of her. It happened with me because of her hatred
No Zara no, its not like that. I just wanted to teach a lesson to Mahi because she used to treat you badly. That's it!
Enough Maheen enough!
don't utter a single word
with how many lives you'll play?
you don't even care about the relations
you did such a big injustice with Mahi & Zara
I feel ashamed while calling you my child
dad, believe me. I didn't know that Mahi did all this with Zara
Zara, you'll see. I won't spare Mahi
whatever she did with you & your child, I won't spare her
stop it Maheen, stop it!
I beg you, for God sake please stop it
I don't want anything from you. Neither justice nor your sympathy
just spare me & leave me alone!
Zara, listen to me... Zara
dad, mom... dad, please believe me. I haven't done this intentionally
dad, please forgive me. I will never do this again, please forgive me
at least say something
you got quite late in apologizing, Maheen
today, if Zara hadn't said it then we would have never got to know
two lives got ruined because of you
everyone tried to explain you a lot, but you didn't listen to anyone
Tell me, how can you sit peacefully after committing such a big sin?
didn't you feel ashamed on your actions even once?
don't you feel ashamed?
I am hating you right now
you took undue advantage of our love, girl!
mom...
mom, please forgive me
please forgive me
how?
how shall I forgive you, & why? Why shall I forgive you?
go away, get lost from here. Go from where you came
go to your house & live there
don't treat me like this, please mom
enough!
we don't have any other option
today on wards we don't have any relation with you
no dad, please...
and all of you shall also listen to me
if anyone from this house tried to meet her or talk to her
then he will see my dead face
the doors of this house are closed on you forever
go away from here
Ali...
drop her to her in-laws house
no dad, please don't do this. I will die
how will I live without you guys?
mom... please forgive me
mom... mom, please forgive me
sister, lets go!
sister, get up
please, try to explain mom
Zaini... Zaini....
mom
I want to discuss something with you
is there anything left to be heard to said, Mahi?
that night, my wedding procession wasn't stopped by Zara
Maheen did that
in order to take revenge from me
and unintentionally, I had put the entire blame on Zara
she didn't had any fault, mom
that poor girl was innocent
I did a very big mistake
I did a grave mistake
I had committed such a big sin
your hatred & jealousy...
ate away the happiness of this house, Mahi
You & I are left with nothing, except for regrets
nothing is left
why did you hide such a big thing from me?
I was about to tell you but...
when you wanted to tell?
you have made my son go crazy!
I had realized it long time ago that I won't be able to see your child in this house
but I was just quiet for my son's sake
you hid such a big matter from Usama as well
what did you get Maheen? What did you get by hiding all this from me?
I had trusted you so much
I had trusted you so much. I would have understood, if you would have told this to me once
nobody was precious to me than you, Maheen
but by hiding this matter from me, you have proved that you can never change
I cannot trust myself anymore
I couldn't win your trust in such a long time?
No... I was about to tell you
I was afraid that what if you leave me
please forgive me, Usama
please forgive me, Usama
its too late now
I don't need your clarification anymore
please don't say this
please forgive me, Usama
Usama...
you have ruined my son's life
don't know what wretched time it was that I had fixed your marriage
mom, be quiet
all of my desires have died
lets go inside mom, you will get sick
go away from my house.  
 I will see my son's pain, whenever I will see you
go away from here!
mom, you'll get sick. Please go inside
go, call your brother. He has gone outside, what if he does something wrong with him
quickly go
mom, lets go inside
she had pushed me deliberately
she had snatched Adeel's last memorable from me
She had snatched my baby from me, only because of you!
not only she did this
in order to oust me from that house, she had alleged me of being characterless
so that I can get defamed & can never go back to that house