Tell him that he has just got married so he should come home before dusk.
There are so many evil things outside.
Take tea.
I don't know whether it's good or not because Zara didn't make this.
May God forgive your grandma, she didn't let me go out of the house during first month after my marriage.
But the boys and girls these days, they don't care about anything, they wander outside.
Didn't you understand that what was Zara saying to you?
What did she say?
She was telling you that her mother has taught her to respect elders and obey them.
But you couldn't teach anything to your children
that's why at the same time Adeel was arguing with you that Zara won't put off flowers.
Do you remember that?
She has taunted you and disgraced you.
Yes you are right.
And she also told us that she is not doing this happily.
I told you that she is so sharp.
She has just got married and she has started to show her real face.
It doesn't make any difference.
She was not less than this before her marriage.
She was taunting you that your children are disobedient.
Perhaps she has forgotten that she is in this house only because Adeel didn't obey you.
Yes.
She is so confident because of his support.
My own son has humiliated me.
That's why she is riding over my head.
I am telling you that don't mention this "amulet" thing directly.
Wait for the right time.
Act very thoughtfully, you don't have to be in a hurry but you.
So you have asked Bushra to come here tomorrow.
Now let's see how Adeel obeys her.
We will have to do something.
Did you see, Zaviar got convinced. You were so nervous for no reason.
So you should start the process of selling that land.
I don't think this is right.
This land is the property of Zaviar's mother.
You belong to old school of thought.
We won't waste his money.
We will invest that money in a profitable investment.
So what's the issue with it?
Oh.
You can never understand.
OK then, just end this topic here.
Did you talk to Farah?
Yes, Farah called me yesterday.
She told me that it's difficult for them to come here this here because Rehan's leaves are not approved.
Hmm.
It happens when children live far away.
Yes you are right.
I think you should talk to Ayan. How long will you be angry with him?
No, it is not possible at all.
I don't want to talk to him.
Only Zaviar is my son now.
I am happy with her happiness.
I always want to see him happy.
I think, there is no need to talk to Dolly at the moment.
If you will say anything then obviously she will say something as well.
That will create problem.
Yes, I was thinking in the same way.
That both of them are in angry mood now.
So it is better to keep quiet at the moment.
Did you talk to Ali about this matter?
No.
Why would he talk to me? He talked to Maheen.
OK.
Why don't they think?
That there minor things can effect our life and Ali and Dolly's life.
Why would anyone think about it?
It's bitter thing but true.
We will have to think about us by ourselves.
Just like Zara and brother Adeel thought about themselves.
Whereas brother Adeel's family was trying hard to break their marriage.
Did you talk to Zara?
How is she?
Why? Don't you talk to her?
I don't call her.
You don't call Zara, it means that you don't talk to her.
How will anyone believe on this that you are asking me about her well being. Wow.
I am right.
Now, I don't talk to her.
Why don't you talk to her?
Listen, brother Adeel is a very nice person.
You should talk to her, he will never mind that.
It's not because of Adeel.
I don't talk to her because of myself.
So, did you fight with her again?
I didn't fight with her.
So, why don't you talk to her?
If I will talk to her then I will want to meet her.
Let me tell you a strange thing.
I went to meet her in makeup room on her wedding day.
I felt so strange.
I felt as if everything may stop and Zara will stay with me.
And she may not go anywhere.
It's so strange.
But I didn't want that she get married.
She stays here and doesn't go far away from me.
Why?
Why did you feel that way?
I felt that way.
I miss her so much.
What's the matter Zenny? Why are you quiet?
We should go home. Mom must be waiting for me.
What's written in it? What is it about?
What do you think, what is it about?
I have found it from my daughter-in-law's room so it's obvious that it must be against me.
I think it must be for controlling my son and taking him far away from me.
God forbid.
There is nothing like that. It's just for protection from evil sight.
Your daughter-in-law doesn't want to destroy your house.
She wants to protect your house.
Why are you saying this?
It's a sin to doubt and falsely accused someone.
You should repent in front of God.
Huh, it's an amulet.
How much?
It's not high, it's low.
It's not low Adeel. Let me see it.
Is this less?
You have got 102 degree fever.
It's obvious.
It can't be 102.
You are still joking.
You are having such a high fever. We should go to doctor immediately.
I will ask uncle, he is at home.
Why would I go to doctor? I am a doctor myself.
It is clearly evident that what kind of doctor you are.
I don't know what you must do to your patients.
I will be perfectly alright.
Why are you panicking?
I am not panicking. You are having such a high fever.
Adeel, I gave you that "amulet", where is that?
That one
I think, I forgot that where did I put that.
Adeel, such things are so important and we should take care of that.
Do you remember, where did you put that.
Anyways, just leave that. You don't listen to me.
Let's go to doctor.
No, there is no need for that.
You are having such a high fever.
As I told you that I will be perfectly alright. Don't worry.
Zenny.
Did you mind my words?
No.
You didn't talk to me on the way back to home. You kept quiet.
As I said that I didn't mind anything.
Ever since I have talked about Zara, your mood has changed.
Will you come in?
No, I am leaving.
Mahi
Mahi.
What happened?
Adeel is not feeling well?
What happened to Adeel?
He was perfectly fine yesterday and you went for outing. Right?
He is suffering from high fever since last night. Where is aunt?
Fever?
Mom has gone out with aunt Bushra.
How did he get fever?
He was perfectly alright last night and how do I know about reason of his fever.
What do you mean? Who else will know other than you?
Mahi, how can I tell you the reason of his fever?
You must have know about that but maybe you don't want to tell me.
Please call aunt. I am trying to call her but unable to connect.
I don't understand you.
You get worried on such minor things.
Adeel get fever like this. He must have eaten some cold thing which must have effected his throat.
Go and sit with him. I will bring black tea.
Thank you Mahi.
No need to thanks.
If you face any problem in this house then come to me.
Don't be so formal with me.
OK.
Go, I will bring black tea.
Right.
Why isn't he receiving my call?
Let me send him voice note.
Aqib, it's Mirha. It's my new number. Save this number.
And why aren't you receiving my calls? I am calling you continuously.
I am so worried. Is everything alright?
Contact me as soon as you see this message.
And save my number.
Come here.
I am here.
All my time is wasted.
There was nothing.
That was for protection from evil sight.
Well, is she Adeel's mother to do that.
All my time wasted and I didn't get anything.
That's why I asked you to get that checked first.
Hey, fool girl.
Does your brain work or not?
That's why I asked you that from where did you find that "amulet"
If there was any such "amulet" then she wouldn't have put that on dressing table.
Yes, I told you about that.
But you became so excited when you saw that.
When you know about my nature then why did you give me that "amulet".
OK leave it. Tell me, why did you come back?
You should have given that cleric some amount to give you a false amulet.
And he would also become witness for you.
What?
A few thousand rupees.
He wouldn't even look towards that money.
He was not greedy of money. He has such a big bungalow.
There were four cars in his garage.
Money is not important for him.
And what do you think that I didn't talk to him.
I talked to him.
He humiliated me so much that I can't tell you.
Bushra was laughing and I was so embarrassed that I can't tell you.
Don't laugh.
OK fine, don't think about it and shoot up your blood pressure.
Go and meet your son, he is not feeling well.
He didn't go to hospital today.
Oh my God, what happened to him? Is he alright?
What's wrong with you? Just relax.
Why do you become so excited.
He is suffering from fever. There is nothing serious. Go and see him.
And that madam must be in room since morning
and must be trying to win his heart by serving him.
Anyways, come with me.
Let's see Adeel.
I met him in the morning and also met him a short while ago so I am not going.
It's the limit.
I have a good news.
An issue is about to be created in the lives of Zenny and Saad.
Because of Zara.
Because of Zara?
Yes because of Zara, will it happen because of me?
What's happened?
Nothing.
It's just a light smoke.
There is some time left.
And when the fire will be ignited.
Then I will also enjoy that moment but at the moment just wait and see.
Be careful, you may not entangle yourself in that.
And then people enjoy watching your scene.
What are you saying?
Me? I am Adnan.
I went to meet him in makeup room on her wedding day.
I was feeling so strange.
I wanted that everything may stop and Zara stays with me and doesn't go anywhere.
It's a strange thing.
But I wanted that Zara may not get married.
And she stays here.
Are you happy now? You make him sick. Are you content now?
What's the matter?
You are asking me this question as if you don't know that what's the matter.
You keep roam around him round the clock.
You stay with him in this room and you are asking this question from me.
May God forgive me, I haven't seen him thoroughly ever since he has got married.
He hardly greets me. I don't know what have you done to him.
Aunt, please speak in lower voice. Adeel has slept with great difficulty. He is not feeling well.
What do you mean?
Am I here to disturb him? Am I bothering him?
You have just got married and now you will teach me that how to take care of my son.
The day has past, my son is ill but you didn't let me know.
Why? What do you want?
Aunt, I don't want anything. I went to your room to inform you but you were not at home
and uncle is not at home as well.
I was not at home but I didn't die.
Why didn't you inform me by calling me that Adeel is not feeling well?
What do you want to prove? What do you want to prove?
That only you can take care of Adeel.
We can't take care of him. I can't take care of him.
Remember one thing.
You are just his wife but I am his mother.
Even if strongest person falls ill then he calls his mother.
Zara
Yes Adeel.
Where are you going? Take a side, let me see him.
Aunt, Adeel asked me to come to him.
I told you that I will see him.
Zara you go and eat something.
 You haven't eaten anything. Take care of yourself. I will take care of Adeel.
You called me Adeel.
I will see him. What happened to you?
Oh my God, my son fell ill but no one even bothered to inform me.
He has got a very high fever.
Have you eaten anything?
Has Zara given you anything to eat?
No, I don't want to eat anything.
Why don't you want to eat? You are sick and you haven't eaten anything.
 Zara go and bring hot glass of milk and biscuits.
I will feed him myself. Why won't he eat?
And listen, bring a hot cup of tea for me. I am having severe headache.
OK.
Oh God.
My son is sick and in pain but no one even bothered to inform me.
At least you should have called me. No one informed me that you are having such a high fever.
Mom, don't worry.
It's a normal fever, I will be alright.
My son.
Fever is not normal.
Don't take such things that much lightly. Take care of yourself.
May you get my life. Zara didn't inform me.
My dad was against such friendships. Such friendships are not good.
No one thinks about such things these days. 
Saad and Zara are very good friends.
They roam around with each other and do whatever then want but no one say anything.
Zara.
Yes.
What are you doing in kitchen?
I am making tea for aunt and boiling milk for Adeel.
Yes I can see that but why are you doing this? You have just got married.
Aunt asked me to do that.
Mom, forgets everything in panic situation.
First you have to do rituals.
First bride makes a dessert then she will manage household chores.
Don't you know about it?
I know but I came here when aunt asked me to do that.
Anyways, I will do that. Go and sit with Adeel.
I will do that.
No, I will do that.
Go and spend time with Adeel.
Zara listen to me.
I came here to take Mirha's food. Give her that.
Take out from fridge. I will heat that up.
Where is spoon?
I can't speak any louder than this. The door is opened, someone can listen.
I was telling you that Mahi has completely suspicious about you.
She thinks that you are a partner of those robbers.
What?
Have your family members lost their minds?
How can they blame me for that?
And on which basis? Why would I do that?
I am not talking about all my family members, I am just mentioning Mahi.
She has asked neighbors to check their CCTV.
She was asking about you and I have told her everything.
Wait, what did you tell her about me?
I told her the truth.
And she wants to meet you.
For investigation?
No, she just wants to meet you.
Aqib, I think someone is coming. I will talk to you later.
Just wait.
How would anyone know that with whom are you talking?
Tell me the whole story.
If I am caught then I will be in trouble.
I will talk to you later. Bye.
Take it away.
What happened?
We are in trouble.
Sister, you have brought food for me but I don't want to eat.
Mahi told me that you have to eat before taking medicine. Eat a bit
OK, I will eat it. Thank you.
You must eat it.
I have no privacy in this house.
Ever since you have got married. You are sick.
Zara doesn't take care of you. You should take care of yourself.
And if you fell ill then you should take medicine immediately.
At least you wouldn't fall this much ill.
Mom.
Hey.
I sent Zara to bring this.
But you have brought it. Where is she?
You amazed me.
You sent newly wed bride to kitchen.
At least let her make dessert first.
Oh, I forgot Mahi.
I became anxious after seeing him in this condition.
I forgot everything.
You did right by forbidding her. I don't know what would her mother think.
She will taunt us that you asked my daughter to manage household chores.
So let's ask her to make dessert today.
Then you can ask her to do anything.
Yes, you are right.
Do you have any objection Adeel?
Why would I object mom?
Let me feed him.
Come on good boy.
Come on good boy, open your mouth and eat a bit.
Did you see, he ate. She was telling me that he isn't eating anything.
Listen, where is Zara? Ask her to sit with us.
Zara is in Mirha's room.
She wants to discuss something important with her.
It's so strange.
When they were getting married then I used to think that me and Zara will become good friends.
But Mirha has won.
Both have become good friends.
Really?
That's good if they have become friends.
But let me tell you
I don't like such kind of friendships.
It is said that married girls should make friendship with married girls.
Unmarried girls don't take good effect from such kind of friendships.
My dad was against such friendships. They should be careful. 
Such friendships are not good.
But no one thinks that way these days.
Saad and Zara are very good friends.
They roam around and do whatever they want but no one says anything.
Hmm. Eat it my son.
Zara, where are you?
If it was only about me then I wouldn't say anything.
But
Zenny has to go to that house after marriage.
So please, I want you to handle this matter yourself.
No my son, if it was only your case then I would say the same thing.
That this shouldn't happen.
Anyways, I will talk to Maheen and Dolly. Don't worry.
Thanks dad.
When will you go back. Today or tomorrow?
I will have to go today. I will join tomorrow.
So
Why don't you come back to Karachi? You can get any good job here.
And there is no need for any job.
Our expenses are managed through rents of shops.
And you can start a business from my savings.
Dad, you are right.
But I want to do job at the moment.
I will tell you whenever I need anything.
OK, as you wish.
Tell me whenever you want.
Everything is belonged to you my son.
I know dad.
Thanks.
Did you wash the clothes?
Yes.
It seems as if the light of this house has gone after Zara's marriage.
Obviously.
Whenever someone leaves the house then it happens.
Yes, I am saying this. 
Saad has stopped to come here.
But it's good for you.
You and Saad will get a chance to understand each other.
And it's very important for you.
Why do I talk to you candidly?
Listen, your uncle told me that there is some conflict between you and Saad.
What do you mean?
He was cleaning his vehicle.
So he heard your conversation.
That you and Saad argued because of Zara.
There is nothing like that.
And tell uncle that he don't have to worry about that.
Yes I told him the same thing but listen
Earlier, Zara lived here and if there was anything then it would remain within this house.
But now she is in her in-laws' house. God forbid if any mishap happened
 and her mother-in-law knows that then what would she think and that will create problem for Zara.
What will happen between Saad and Zara? 
I don't understand, what are you trying to say?
Nothing.
As I told you that your uncle heard your conversation.
And he shared that with me.
And I shared that with you. That's it.
Listen aunt.
Tell uncle that talk to me directly in such situation.
Because fire won't ignite if will try to ignite that.
Hey, you became angry.
His way of talking can be wrong.
But his intention is not wrong.
God knows that I considered your father as my real brother and I am loyal with your family.
How can I do anything wrong?
I considered him as my brother that's why I was worried so I talked to you.
You told me that your fever will go down.
What kind of doctor are you Adeel? Your fever has gone up instead of going down.
Don't worry. I will be alright.
It doesn't come down immediately.
It does.
I am making black tea for you. You will feel better if you will drink that.
Which black tea?
Zara, I don't drink such things.
Which things Adeel? Will I give you anything wrong?
Mom used to give that to us in our childhood. It's first dose works.
I am a doctor.
You are teaching me medical.
Adeel you will have to drink that. It's home made so it won't harm you.
Don't take any other medicine. Right?
OK, I will drink that.
By the way, if you will give me poison then I will take that.
It's not poison, it's black tea. I will bring that.
Don't take any other medicine.
Oh, what kind of smell is this? What's this?
Oh.
What is this? Who is making this?
I am making it.
What?
Are you making it? I asked you to make dessert but you are making this?
It's black tea.
It useful to cool down fever. It's for Adeel.
Who is the mad person that told you about it.
Does this heal fever.
Throw it away.
Mom told me, it's her remedy.
I am forbidding you. Throw it away.
Anyways, Adeel won't drink it.
Mom asked me that don't argue with elders.
You won't argue but you won't obey them. Did your mother teach you this?
She taught me to make this black tea. It heals fever that's why I am making it.
How can you do this despite I am forbidding you to do this.
Because it's not wrong aunt.
I am telling you that Adeel won't drink it.
Mom, dad is calling you.
Did you get time to come here. Get away.
What's the matter? Has your mood spoiled?
No. Not at all.
Wow, do you belong to Hakeem Luqman's family?
That's wonderful.
Hello.
Here is hot black tea for you.
Drink it and you will see that you will feel better very soon.
Be careful. It's hot.
It's so bitter.
What have you added in it?
Just drink it quietly. Please.
I can't drink it. It's very bitter.
Adeel please drink it for my sake please. Can't you do this for me?
No, I can't drink it. It's very bitter.
Adeel.
For my sake.
I can do anything for you.
Get well soon for my sake.
It's enough. I can't drink anymore.
Very little left. Drink it.