dear, this is not the matter of only one day. Its a lifetime's issue
if not today, then tomorrow you have to face them
 mom, we'll look at the future later
right now I don't have the courage 
my son was so proud of Zara 
but not even a year had passed of his demise & Zara got married
Enough be quiet! Don't lie..
your hatred ate away all the happiness of this family
hey Shaista
yes
you wore it, right?
from where did you get it?
its very nice, everyone had praised it a lot at the wedding
show me
its very heavy though
yes, its of real gold. My granny had gifted this to my mom on her wedding
and then my mom had gifted it to me, then I had kept it safely
but you never told me. Where did you kept it secretly?
why will I hide it from you? What are you saying?
Adnan, actually it my heartiest desire to gift it to my child the way my mother had gifted me
but maybe God had planned something else
there is nothing in a human's control
today I thought of wearing it at the wedding, at least I should wear it myself
no problem, it will suit you whenever you will wear it again
my wife will look so beautiful after wearing it
really?
yes
and yes, keep it safely somewhere. What if you loose it, Ok?
obviously I will keep it safely, after all its my granny's set
Okay, I am leaving
where are you going?
I don't want to talk to you
you already took complete revenge from Zara 
for God sake leave her
let her live her life
why am I thinking about Zara? What's done is done
don't know what is dad's problem, he keeps calling his sister again & again
why he doesn't leave her on her own!
my mood was so good, he ruined it
he had completely ruined it
are you looking for something?
yes, my phone
can I help you?
No, thank you! I will find it
try to give a bell, you will get to know where it is
if I had the phone then why I would be looking for it?
You didn't get me. I mean, try giving bell from my phone
No, I have my sister. I will give the bell from her phone, thank you!
your sister is busy with her friends
why are you giving stress to your family for no reason
its just that you've have to give a bell
do it
thanks!
All praise to God you are looking so pretty
who is calling on Mahi's phone?
Mirha, check this & tell Mahi. Don't know who is calling
its ringing but nobody is picking
thanks!
sister, your phone was with mom. You were getting a call from an unknown number
give me, I was looking for it
thank you!
lets go
come
hello! where is your focus?
nowhere
it seems that brother got a new drug
shut up! You guys are thinking wrong, there isn't any such thing
I am very well aware of your nature. What do you think, we don't know?
that girl did a harassment case on you
that's why you came back to Pakistan
be quiet, somebody will hear us
leave it Sami, why are you annoying him
ok tell us, who is she?
one middle class girl
oh! so this time its the turn of a middle-class girl
but these middle-class girls are such a cry baby. They cling to you like a glue
don't you worry
I don't do anything without planning
Planning! It means, haven't you planned to settle down after marrying?
Come on, I don't want her to stick to me after marrying
just wait & watch, I will just do one phone call & she'll get attracted towards me
how come?
just see
so whenever you are done with her, pass her number to me
yes, for sure I will give you
hello, who is it?
didn't you recognize me?
No, I didn't. With whom you want to speak to?
with Mahi
brother, who is this speaking?
Fahad. Just now we met in the party
oh Fahad! how come you've called me?
Nothing! I just wanted to know about your well-being
did you guys reach home?
yes yes, your driver had dropped us. Thank you!
oh, you've made me a stranger in just a moment by saying thanks
what?
I mean, I & Sehrish felt really good after meeting you guys
nobody gives so much of importance to anyone in our class
but I just asked your mother only once, & she had honored my words
I felt really good
even you had helped us a lot
we would have got late for coming home if your driver hadn't dropped us
thank you!
my pleasure!
ok its quite late, you shall rest. I'll talk to you later, bye!
Bye!
Saad
mom you!
why are you sleeping on the sofa?
mom, just like that..
mom, there isn't any fault of Zara in it
don't say anything to her, I had said to her that I will sleep on the sofa
she was telling me not to
I wasn't expecting this foolishness from both of you
both of you are husband & wife
God forbid if someone else would have seen it, then I had to hear so many things
sorry mom, there isn't any such thing...
enough!
I don't want to hear anything else
this drama shall not happen in my house again, got it?
Ok mom
mom, what's wrong with you? What work you've got Mirha into?
so what's the big deal in it?
he is such a nice guy. Very handsome & rich
he also came to drop us home last night
oh God, I have been thinking the entire night that I shall get some information about his family
I just want to know that whether he is engaged or not
let me talk to your father & fix your proposal
I've told you thousands of times, not to show so much of haste
what's the matter of haste in it?
your father will bring some ordinary proposal for you, will it be fine then?
isn't it better that I shall do your engagement before that?
I don't want to do any engagement or so, mom
and what do you know about that guy?
except for this, that he is Mirha's friend's cousin!
and will you handover your daughter to someone just like that?
why so? Why will I give my daughter to someone so easily?
we will contact them, do the investigation & get fully satisfied
I will talk to your father & fix your proposal then
I don't want to marry
listen!
I can give you some time to think
think about it but don't delay this matter much
I have to get you married for sure
she doesn't want to marry!
serve your brother first, dear
just give me the cup
isn't Dolly awake as of yet?
mom, she is getting ready. She will be here anytime
Here she comes...
Greetings!
Greetings!
how are you, Zaini?
she is asking you
I am fine
Shall I serve breakfast?
yes
Dolly, you don't have to mind any of her words or so
she needs some time
actually I didn't know that what do you like to have in breakfast. So I have cooked some mince meat
omelet & flat breads
and your father has gone to get halwa puri
do let me know if you need anything else
No mom, its perfectly alright. What was the need for all this, why are you being so formal?
its my own house
its obvious, that I will take care of you for a few days
after that you have to handle everything
mom, don't worry. Dolly will handle everything
right Dolly?
of-course
yes, I know
Ok Ali, your father & I was thinking that both of you should go for an outing for a few days
Mom, how can we go somewhere in this situation?
why you cannot go?
its the time, just take a few more days off from your office
after that the same old routine
yes mom, let me see
yes
here comes Mr. Manzoor
let me serve the breakfast. Come on dear, come
I am coming, mom
Saad
Saad, sleep here on the bed
I am fine, Zara
Saad, I don't want that whatever happened today shall happen everyday
I will talk to mom..
Saad, please don't make my spectacle anymore!
Saad, what have you done to the room?
I am looking for something, but I can't find it
what do you want, what are you looking for? Tell me, let me search it for you
I am looking for my ID card
please check, don't know where I have kept it
Okay, have you checked these drawers?
do you remember anything that where you have kept it?
Zara
yes
your ID card
how come my ID card came in your stuff?
I think you don't need it anymore
you should get a new one
why? I don't think so that it go expired
show me
Zara, my intentions weren't wrong
I will never ask you to forget Adeel
but... this is also necessary
when do we have to go?
shall we go tomorrow?
your ID
thank you!
did you get the job?
yes mom, my job is confirmed
oh my dear, I knew it
its been almost a month to our friendship
at least come to meet me now
to meet?
yes
we'll go somewhere outside to have an ice-cream
we'll do some shopping
Fahad, I don't go out with someone like this
Come on, but your sister goes for an outings
No no, you are having some misunderstanding. She only goes to the university
only you think this way
Sehrish was telling me that they do so many outings. You also come with them someday
No Fahad, I cannot go out like this
so won't you come to meet me?
Fahad look, I haven't talked to my parents about you as of yet
I cannot go
so what's the big deal in it? Tell them someday
how can I talk to them like this?
Fahad look, first talk to your family
I will tell my parents once you'll talk to your family
will you come to meet me if I talk to my mom?
promise
I will talk to you later, bye!
I've made some hot soup for you, please drink some
then I will give you the medicine
I really don't feel like drinking it
but you have to drink some
be careful, its hot
did you make it?
yes
its tasty
drink some then I will give you the medicine
okay
enough...
one more sip
let me give you the medicine
Ok
here..
now do some rest, come on
I am fine dear
please lie down
you may go
keep your legs here
hey! why are you sitting down? Come sit here
No no, sit here
I will do it
stop it, please leave. Now go
sister, whatever you are doing is not right
what am I doing?
sister, that guy is not right for you. Stay away from him
as if you know a lot about guys! Have you done PhD in it?
sister... I've heard from a lot of my friends that he roams around with many girls and...
your friends know nothing, they talk rubbish!
are you fighting with me for him?
Yes I am!
I know everything that what do you do by making an excuse of university
I? What have I done?
Fahad has told me everything
You roam around with guys outside by making an excuse of the university
you do parties with Sehrish, I know all!
sister, we do nothing as such. We don't go anywhere
you are right, you are telling the truth. I've been noticing your antics since childhood
there is no need to dictate me anything
sister, he is trying to provoke you deliberately so that we don't expose him
and you are such a boaster!
ok sister, do whatever you feel like
but don't say anything to me when you regret
I won't help you at that time
you will help me a lot
will you help me?
go away from here
greetings mom!
Greetings!
you go, I am sending her
Zara
Zara
Zara... Zara dear
get up dear
Sorry aunty, I didn't get to know when I had slept
its ok dear
you have been serving me the entire day, go Saad has come
Saad has come?
yes dear
do you want anything?
No, I don't want anything. I will just rest
let me take these dishes
yes
Greetings mom!
Greetings dear! you got so late, I was waiting for you since so long
actually I had stopped to get these sweetmeats
sweetmeats!
did you get the job?
yes mom, my job is confirmed
oh my dear, I knew it
I was so sure it will happen, Dolly!
Dolly come here
congratulate her, she got the job
congratulations Zaini, this is great!
thank you!
but how come you got it? I mean this was your first interview right? And you got the job in the first interview
my daughter is so intelligent, that its evident for her to get the job
now you have to do you work with complete work & honesty
I & your father have quite a lot of hopes from you
don't worry mom, I will never let you down
come on dear, lets make tea. Manzoor must be coming, we'll drink it together
So tell me what did they ask you?
tea
thank you!
where is your tea?
I have already drink
by the way, I don't enjoy drinking the tea alone
if we have good company with tea, then it doubles the taste of tea
I will be careful next time
do you agree so easily?
means?
I mean, you were not like this earlier
you used to fight with me, you used to insist me
you used to convince me
and now you lose hope so easily
you've changed a lot, Zara
nothing is like before
there is a lot of difference between old times & now, Saad
what is the difference?
even earlier we were friends
by the way, tea is really good
thank you!
how is mom now?
she is better, much better than earlier
Dolly will come tomorrow...
so you will get some rest
did I miss something?
No, I was just telling you
Zara, you have done so much for this house. You gave many sacrifices
they way you've handled this house after Dolly's marriage
I couldn't have handled it myself
even you gave so many sacrifices, Saad
your journey wasn't easy as well
it was difficult
yes it was difficult
but less than yours, Zara
you've tolerated so much, you've been through a lot
would you like to eat something?
can we sit & talk for sometime
where they have gone?
they have gone to NADRA for some work
they must be lying that they are going to NADRA
they must have gone for an outing for sure
dear, wherever they have gone
why will we have an objection?
mom, do you know sister Maheen came when I was about to leave for here
when she got to know that I am coming here, she got very angry
she was being so angry, she scolded me a lot
but anyways, then mom also scolded her a lot
but why Maheen had an objection on your visit here?
she doesn't want us to keep any relation with this house
Okay
so that's why Ali didn't come inside
No no, Ali was getting late for office that's why he left from outside
hmm... 
mom, its all because of Zara
and you've become so normal with her, as if nothing has happened
everyone takes very good care of your over there
just now you were telling me that your mother-in-law took your side
she scolded her daughter too
and now you are bad-mouthing about her
dear.. 
all the wounds heal within time
you'll see, one day everyone's behavior will become fine with you
as far as Zara is concerned
so she is such a nice girl
she is not bad
mom, are you saying this?
it seems that she did some magic on you
yes
she did magic though
because of her good behavior
she has put the liveliness in this entire house
earlier, I used to think that after your marriage
who is going to handle this house
but she took all the responsibilities as soon as she came in
and do you know what?
she takes very good care of me, she serves me a lot. Just like you
mom, you've forgotten so quickly that how she is
No dear, I've been observing since so many days
as of yet, she haven't done any such thing that can be true as per what people say about her
she is such a nice girl
dear, my experience says that she is not characterless
she is very nice
my eyes can never see wrong
it means you want to say that whichever allegations they have put on Zara are false?
dear, a man can hide his sins but a woman...
a woman's sins are attached to her like her shadow
which can be seen by everyone 
this is the difference between a man & a woman
a man cannot be caught even after committing a sin
but a woman... a woman's sight also become her sin
it seems from your words that you've forgiven her
yes
I have forgiven her
she has won my heart
by serving me
by taking care of me
and dear, you also win everyone's heart there. Try for it
and... if Maheen have some objections with you
then try to win her heart as well, dear
you are the daughter-in-law of that house
now its your duty, Ok?
and my prayers are for all
and I pray that Zaini also gets married into some good family
so that the distances between both the families shall be removed
Amen
so what's the matter?
why are you so angry?
mom, do you have any idea that how I am living in that hell hole?
what happened, will you tell me what happened?
mom, my mother-in-law has started taunting me
for what she is taunting you?
for the baby
she says, I can never become a mother
oh God! who said this to her? Why are you saying such things?
mom, I am not saying this. She is saying this!
such a rubbish, why is she saying this? God will make everything better
Mills of the God grinds slowly, but they grind exceedingly fine
mom, I want to go to the doctor
will you take me there?
yes yes, I will take you to the doctor for sure
in fact, I think I should talk to Usama first
tell him as well
mom, what are you saying? For now I cannot say anything to Usama
ok fine, I will take you
don't cry
its a useless worry
don't cry now