Mom, she was telling you that her mother has taught her how to respect and obey elders.
But you couldn't teach your children anything.
That's why, at the same time Adeel was arguing with you that Zara won't put off flowers.
Do you remember that?
She has taunted and humiliated you.
I wanted everything to stop.
Zara stays with me and she may not go anywhere.
It's really strange.
But I didn't want Zara to get married.
My dad was against such friendships. They should be careful.
Such friendships are not good.
But no one thinks that way these days.
Saad and Zara have very good friendship.
They roam around all the time and do whatever they want but no one says anything.
I am telling you Mr. Ahmed that if anything happens to my son then I won't leave your niece.
She is doing some weird things.
I never heard anything like that.
It's unwise from your side.
It's not poor Zara's fault.
Oh poor.
So she is poor soul.
She argues with me in every matter.
My children never argued with me as much your niece has argued with me.
I am telling you that stop her otherwise someday.
I am thinking that when will you keep quiet.
If you will stop talking then I will tell you that why have I asked you to come here.
OK
Tell me.
Go ahead, your words must be more important.
More important than my insult.
I don't know why you keep sticking on your insult.
I am about to talk about our honor.
I took Mr. Tasadduq to property dealer regarding his plot.
I met Mr. Noor Alam there.
Which Noor Alam?
The same Noor Alam which was our neighbor in our old neighborhood.
Yes.
Hadn't he shifted to Karachi?
Yes, he shifted to Karachi but he has shifted back here three years ago.
He was asking about all of you.
Did you ask about sister-in-law?
Yes.
She has passed away.
Oh my God. When did that happen?
It's been a long time.
It's been a long time since they shifted to Karachi and we didn't meet with them
and now they are shifted back here three years ago.
Anyways, he was talking about proposal.
For Mirha?
Let me complete my sentence.
I am sick of your habit to interrupt me.
I was just asking Mr. Ahmed. What's wrong with you.
No, he wasn't talking about Mirha's proposal, he was talking about Mahi's proposal.
For Mahi?
Did you call me dad?
Yes.
Aren't you busy? Can we talk?
Why are you talking like this dad?
It's the way to talk. Right?
No, I was cooking food for Ali because he has to leave at 1:00 AM
OK then cook food, we will talk later.
Is there something important dad?
Yes it is that's why I asked about your busyness.
We will talk later.
OK.
Have you invited Dolly on dinner by calling her?
No, we didn't discuss any such thing.
She is future daughter-in-law of this house.
Ali is going to Islamabad so she must be invited on dinner. It's understood.
I didn't talk to her. Maybe Ali talked to her or maybe mom talked to her.
OK ask them and if they haven't talked to her then call her and invite her on dinner.
You are Ali's elder sister and he will feel good that you have invited his future wife.
Relations become strong by doing such things.
Right dad.
Good girl, do your work.
So why are you so surprised?
Can't someone bring proposal for Mahi?
No, it can come.
But
As per my knowledge, he had only one son and he went to London
And he was younger than Mahi.
And I heard that he got married to an English girl.
No, he was talking about his nephew Zaviar, son of sister Gul.
Didn't sister Gul get divorced?
Yes she got divorced but she got married again after that.
And his second husband refused to accept her son.
So brother Noor has brought up Zaviar.
Oh I see.
So what did you say?
I asked him to come here and meet us.
But before his visit, I want you to get Mahi's consent.
There is no need to talk to Mahi. You talked to him then it's OK.
Mahi won't say anything.
I am surprised that you are talking about Mahi and saying this to me.
It would be better to ask Mahi. At least I will be satisfied.
Talk to me without taunting sometime.
I swear, it doesn't make any difference.
And you also talk thoughtfully without any argument.
It will make difference. I swear.
OK, as you wish.
I will talk to Mahi.
She doesn't think anything.
I don't know when will she become wise.
What did you say? You talked to him about proposal.
Well, I met him so he told me that he is finding a proposal for her daughter.
So I talked to him about Zaviar's proposal.
How can you do that without any know how?
Well.
That's strange. He is my old neighbor from my old neighborhood.
We left that neighborhood after Malka's death.
And you see, I met him today.
It's God's will.
Just leave it.
I won't marry Zaviar to any unknown family.
I admit that I have no such relation with Zaviar like your late wife had with him.
But I always treated him like my children
He is like a son to me.
And I am telling you very clearly that I will chose bride for my son myself.
Yes I agree that you love Zaviar like your own children but I am also his uncle.
So I will think good for him.
I have just talked about proposal.
I didn't fix his marriage.
It will be fixed when Zaviar will like that girl.
And please no more discussion on this topic.
You have to go to see that girl in any case.
Zenny, did you tell Saad about Ali's departure.
No, I didn't tell him.
Why? Why didn't you tell him?
I didn't think that it is important to tell him.
OK, tell him now and also call Dolly. Dad asked me to invite them on dinner.
And this quantity of rice will not be sufficient so add one more cup of rice in it.
And bring meat as well.
Right.
He was not his best friend but he is his old neighbor.
I think there is no harm in meeting them once.
We can't get a clear picture in only one meeting.
And truly speaking, I don't want to marry.
Hey, what are you talking about?
God accepts our words. Just repent.
And listen, you won't say any such thing again. Right?
Some people married twice or thrice.
And they are keen to marry for one more time.
You only got married once.
And that was not your fault.
So why would you get punished for that?
But that was my mistake mom.
You advised me so much and forbade me so much.
But I didn't listen to anyone.
OK.
You won't discuss this again at all.
OK, that was your mistake and you admitted your mistake.
It's enough.
So will you get punished for that one mistake.
If our inner self is good then we feel ashamed on our mistake.
Hey, why are you feeling ashamed.
Those shameless persons should be ashamed who didn't give my daughter her real worth.
Now, agree with me
Just leave this and agree with me.
You got married once with your choice so get married this time with our choice.
God is very merciful and you will see that He will do everything better.
OK
As you wish.
Parents don't make any wrong decision for their children.
Maybe there is something better for me in this.
May you get my life. You made me happy.
May God bless every parent with a daughter like you.
Ameen
You don't have to worry at all. Everything will be alright.
But remember one thing.
Hmm
Strictly forbid Zara that don't discuss this matter with her family.
We will inform them when marriage will be fixed.
You don't have to worry about it at all.
We will send your wedding card to Sarwat's house.
And I won't let that cursed girl know about it.
Her evil sight may effect you.
She is cursed. She can say something bad.
Let me tell you dad about it. Right.
Hello. Hello.
Hello.
Zenny, can you hear me?
Yes I can.
OK.
Say something, you have called me.
Don't you want to say anything to me?
No, you have called me Zenny.
Brother Ali is going back so dad asked me to tell you and he has invited your family for dinner today.
Oh so you have called me on your dad's advice.
I was thinking that...
Maheen asked me to call you.
Dad didn't ask me.
So, it's the same thing.
Why didn't you call me by yourself.
And I am unable to understand that why are you angry with me?
Where is Dolly? I want to talk to her.
What will you say to her?
I will invite her for dinner.
May I know the reason for this formality?
I am asking something from you.
OK, I won't get formal.
You tell her yourself. OK. Bye.
Bye.
Indeed God protects us. There is no second opinion in this.
I have to make arrangements for dinner. We will talk later. Bye.
Bye.
Zara. Only she can help me.
Dolly.
Yes brother.
Listen, Ali is going back today so Zenny called me, they have invited us for dinner today.
So you go there, I won't go there.
What do you mean by that?
Brother, I don't want to get humiliated.
You are taunting me.
Why? Why did you think that way?
Do they do this to you?
What are you talking about Dolly?
I was talking about myself.
But if you have felt bad about it then it means that you get treated in same way.
OK just leave it and tell me when will you get ready.
Brother I won't go there. Please don't insist.
Don't do this Dolly. I am saying this because of Ali.
Your issue is with Maheen not with Ali. Ali is going back
and he will mind if you won't go there.
Brother I will go to that house after marriage only because of Ali.
I have told Ali clearly that
if he can't ask his family to give me respect then he should re-think.
I don't want to get humiliated,
I am sitting here in my house very respectfully and peacefully.
It's the limit.
Dolly.
That's really wonderful from your side.
I mean, your black tea was magical.
I drank once and my fever went away.
May God keep you like this for ever.
And with you.
Ameen.
Who is calling?
Guess who.
It's Saad.
Let me tell him that what are you saying about him.
OK tell him.
I am not scared from your family.
That's good, you shouldn't be afraid.
Hello Saad, how are you?
Greetings.
Leave me, tell me about yourself. How are you?
Me? I won't tell you anything.
Where were you? You didn't call me once.
Everyone talks to me except you.
Nowhere, I am busy these days that's why I couldn't call you.
Oh so you were busy that's why you didn't call me.
I am busy now and I have no time so we will talk later.
Listen to me.
I want to discuss something important with you.
So you have called me for an important discussion.
You didn't call me because of me. You are so mean. By the way you were like this.
Tell me what's the problem?
No, this is not the case. Actually, Zenny is angry with me because of you.
What are you talking about Saad? It's very useless thing.
Why would Zenny angry with you because of me.
You must have done something that's why she is angry with you
and you are blaming me for no reason.
I am not blaming you, I am just telling you.
I talked to her but she minded that and since then her behavior got changed.
Saad she is your fiancee, she can think anything if you will say such things in front of her.
You should think before saying something. You talk without thinking.
Just think about your words. What did you say to Zenny?
That you don't talk to me because if you will talk to me then you will want to meet me and see me.
And you didn't say farewell to me on my wedding day because you didn't like that I am going.
Now tell me, is this the right thing to do.
If you will say such things in front of her then she will mind that.
Who says such things about his friends.
Which friends?
I have no other friend except you.
OK, you don't have any friend except me. But Zenny
Zenny is your fiancee and she will feel bad if she will listen these things.
But why is she feeling bad about it.
Why is she objecting on our friendship?
Saad, don't be foolish.
Zenny has no objection on our friendship but you should think about your words.
Other people don't give same importance to our friendship which we give.
They won't see us in that way.
I understand you and you understand me.
You shouldn't say such things. You should be careful.
And you shouldn't say such things in front of Zenny. She will feel bad about it.
And she has minded that.
Please don't say any such thing in front of her again.
Right? I am in kitchen so I will talk to you later.
OK Zara.
You won't understand my feelings.
Good bye.
Good bye.
He is crazy.
No Zara.
Your friendship is very important for me.
If your friendship with Saad can hurt Zenny then
Why can't it hurt Adeel?
 I didn't even think about it.
You have given me your weak point, idiot girl.
I want to say one thing.
Actually, Mahi want that Zara shouldn't know about this proposal.
But why?
I don't know, Mahi wants it.
There is no harm if we will hide this from Zara.
Mr. Ahmed.
I have talked to Mahi and she is convinced.
You can invite brother Noor Alam.
I told you that he will come on Saturday?
On Saturday?
Hmm
This Saturday?
It's day after tomorrow.
You should have informed me earlier.
How many persons will come. We have to make arrangements.
I don't know how many persons will come. I will ask when he will call me.
OK.
I want to say one more thing.
Actually, Mahi wants that Zara shouldn't know about this proposal.
But why?
I don't know, Mahi wants it.
There is no harm if we will hide this from Zara.
And what's wrong in telling her?
I don't know.
There is no harm in telling her nor in hiding from her.
Mahi told me that she wants it.
If there is no harm in telling her nor in hiding from her then we should tell her
 because she is part of this family.
And every member of family should know everything.
You exaggerate the matter.
The point is that Mahi doesn't want to let Zara know about this proposal.
If she doesn't want then we shouldn't tell her.
There must be some reason behind this.
OK, let's assume that Mahi has some reason but which reason do you have?
I have this reason that Mahi doesn't want it 
and I don't want to make Mahi angry.
She will refuse if she will irritate.
You know about her nature.
I will tell Zara later.
Anyways, she won't have any objection on this proposal.
Why can't you make Mahi understand right now which you will do to Zara later 
that what she wants is wrong.
Yes, I can't do that.
I she will listen to you then you advise her.
I was just saying that if she got irritated and refused to marry
Then no one will be able to convince her for this marriage
 and you know it very well because you are her father.
There will be no harm if Zara won't know about it. 
I just want to fix this marriage without any trouble.
Do whatever you want. I told you about my opinion.
I am unable to understand her.
Dolly what happened to you. 
There is no certainty of life and death of a person.
And what do you want
That I die with this desire that I couldn't marry my daughter in my lifetime.
Mom, I didn't say any such thing. Why are you so scared?
I have asked Ali to give me my right.
Don't I have this much right that my in-laws will respect me?
Why are you mentioning your in-laws?
It's about Maheen. She is married and she will go to her house one day.
The other members of your in-laws family didn't say anything to you.
And look at Ali, he takes very good care of you.
Why are you worried if there isn't any problem between both of you.
Mom, I am not worried.
I have no issue with anyone.
I don't say anything about sister Maheen, it doesn't make any difference to me whether she goes back to her in-laws house or not.
I talked to Ali.
So Ali should have kept this matter between me and him.
But if I am hearing about this matter then it means that he has told everyone about that.
This is not fair mom.
It's a matter between two persons so why did he tell everyone. 
What does it mean? Are you getting my point?
So it means that he shared your complain with Maheen.
And you know it very well that what must have Maheen's reaction.
But even then he talked to her so what can it mean.
Mom, I don't know.
Don't try to convince me.
Let me see.
Hmm, you are cutting cucumber.
I have told you so many times that don't disturb me while I am working in kitchen. Put it back.
Put cucumber back Zenny.
Has anything happened?
What did I do?
Why are you talking to me in this tone?
You are my sister. Right?
Hmm, so that's why I am trying to make you habitual.
So that when Dolly will ride on your head someday then you won't have any problem.
What do you mean by that? I didn't get your point.
Yes, you are a kid and you are so innocent that you don't know anything and I have to tell you about everything.
And then you will backbite against me in future. Am I right Zenny?
Why are you creating these fake stories?
Why would I backbite against you in front of someone?
Oho, don't think about backbiting.
And my dear daughter, tell me that why mom and dad have gone there to appease Dolly?
She is just increasing her worth for no reason
 and everyone in this house is just a fool.
She has told us very clearly that until we won't request her then she won't come here.
Yes, I am bad, I am very bad.
But what about mom and dad Zenny?
Why is she humiliating them? What will she get by doing that?
What happened to you? There won't be any such thing.
And Dolly don't know that mom and dad have gone there to appease her.
Rather she will be happy to see them.
OK, close your door when you will have to cry someday.
I don't want to hear you cry. I will feel your pain for no reason.
Because when there was time to listen to me then my own sister didn't listen to me.
And doubted me instead.
I didn't mean that, why are you taking me wrong.
OK, forgive me. I made a mistake by advising you.
I won't advise you again. Eat these green vegetables.
Maybe your brain start to work after eating these.
Zara, is pudding ready?
Yes.
Let me taste it.
Do you know that your in-laws are very conscious about dessert.
Zara.
Wow Zara, the pudding is very delicious.
Now I knew that why does my brother roam around you like a crazy man.
You make good dessert as well as say sweet things.
So it means that you are convinced.
That Zara is perfect for me.
What do you want to say?
You are saying as if I was against your marriage with her.
I always liked Zara for you.
It's very delicious and bring it quickly.
What was that?
You told me that whatever you will cook here you will give me first.
Yes.
So?
You didn't fulfill your promise.
You gave this pudding to Mahi first.
I promised you that I will give you first but Mahi has just tasted it.
So my promise is still in tact.
Wow.
You are so intelligent.
Tell me that you were intelligent from beginning or is this effect of my companionship?
Please maintain some distance from me.
Because this is kitchen not your bedroom 
and if Mahi saw us then she will say that Zara's companionship is the reason behind this shamelessness.
So it means that you have understood Mahi's nature.
Yes of course. You called me. Did you want anything?
Yes I wanted to tell you about something but I will tell you after a while.
But at the moment give me pudding.
But you can't eat pudding at the moment.
But why can't I eat?
Because I want my reward for making pudding from you separately.
I won't convince on honey moon tickets.
Yes I know about that because I received the tickets because you were not at home.
This is not fair.
I thought that I will...
What did you think?
Whatever you want to think, you should think in your room.
 Kitchen is not right place to think. Go and let me do my work.
And what if I don't go then?
So.
Then I will hold your hand and will forcefully take you to your room so that I can do my work.
 Don't come here again.
Oho.
Switch off TV.
Look at this. You will give this to Zara.
Are you mad Mahi?
Who gives gold jewelry on this ritual.
I will only give her five hundred rupees. That's it.
But I don't have any five hundred note. I have only one thousand notes.
Give me five hundred note.
Mom, you will give her this one.
I am telling you that we have to show off sometime.
Everyone should know that you have accepted Zara happily. 
Try to understand my point.
I have accepted her so what else should I do?
Do I hang my self upside down to show off?
I am not saying that.
We have to show off.
When you will give it to her then if Zara will have any problem with you and me ever 
and she complain in front of Adeel and dad.
Then she will definitely think once.
No, I will give this set to you on your marriage.
I won't give this to her at all.
Put it back in cupboard.
She doesn't deserve to wear this set.
Is it possible that you understand my point?
Yes, I don't understand your point.
Bring five hundred notes for me.
I don't have any change.
Give thousand rupee note and ask her to give you two five hundred notes.
You are so mean.
So what should I say?
If you want to fall then fall completely. I think you shouldn't give her anything.
OK.
I won't give her anything. At least I won't give her this set.
No matter whatever you do.
That's right. I won't give her five hundred rupees now.
It's the limit. You spoiled my drama.
Why are you staring at me? You spoiled my drama.
Zenny why are you so sad?
No, you had to go back.
So why are you so sad?
My face is like this.
Don't say this Zenny.
When you were born then everyone said that you are like me.
Zenny, won't you tell your brother?
Nothing, I am just tired. Nothing else.
Tiredness and you.
I have heard this first time from you.
Tell me what happened? Has sister Maheen said something?
Why?
Did she had to say something?
I am asking you.
No, she didn't say anything.
Sister Maheen didn't say anything.
Has Saad said anything? Is he alright?
Yes, he is fine.
Then what's the matter?
I am not fine.
I washed some of your shirts and those are upstairs, I will bring those.
But
Zenny listen to me. Zenny
Wow, it's very delicious.
The food was very tasty and this dessert is out of this world.
She deserves a reward for that.
Take it my child.
Uncle, there is no need for this.
What are you talking about. Take it.
It's happiness. Don't refuse.
If you want to give me then don't give me this much amount.
You are absolutely like your mother.
Come on, take it.
Thank you uncle.
Are you happy now?
She took money.
You are right.
She is absolutely like her mother.
Just like she doesn't stop you spending your money on her.
In the same way she accepted amount from you.
That's right.
The way sisters have faith in their brothers in the same way nieces have faith in their uncles.
By the way mom, I don't remember that our uncle has ever sent us Eid gift.
You should keep quiet Mirha. You have some issues with uncles.
By the way, do you remember that advertisement.
In which an elderly uncle says that there is magic in our daughter-in-law's hands.
Do you remember that in that advertisement the girl makes pudding first time
 so it means that we can also say
Our daughter-in-law is a witchcraft.
What happened? Why are you angry? I am just joking.
And when she makes black tea for you then your fever goes away.
And when she makes pudding then everyone praises her.
 It means that there is some magic.
Am I right mom. No one else can do this magic.
Hmm.
Be careful while choosing words Mahi.
You just say without thinking.
You forget that your father has taught you to speak.
Adeel, you discussed about your honey moon so what's your plan for that?
Yes dad, our tickets are confirmed.
Where are you going?
Where are we going?
That is a surprise.
OK that's good.