we tried our level best, but we couldn't save him
I'm sorry, he is no more 
No... no
No...
whatever I did with you 
nobody can thought of it
my only brother...
 I had killed my only brother's child
she had pushed me deliberately 
she had snatched Adeel's last memorable from me
she had snatched my baby from me, only because of you!
not only she did this 
In order to oust me from that house, she had alleged me of being characterless
so that I can get defamed & can never go back to that house 
Saad
my dear...
get up, go to your room & sleep there. Why were you sleeping here?
mom, I don't know when I had slept here at night
when did you wake up?
just a while ago
what's the matter? Is something bothering my son?
No mom
You are so quiet since you came back from Zara's house
what's the matter?
tell me
just like that, mom
I was thinking something
what?
what's the matter, tell me
mom, I was thinking about Zara
she couldn't forget Adeel as of yet
I know
but if you will give her love
then she will forget all of her griefs
mom, love is not in my fate
its better for me to happily get separated instead of forceful relations
what are you saying, Saad?
I was thinking that you have started to love Zara
love is one sided, mom
and a contract is both sided
and I cannot keep anyone associated with me on the basis of a contract
think once again, dear
think about it very carefully, once again
you are incomplete without her
and she is incomplete without you
mom, when emotions fade away from a relation
then nobody feels that who came & who left at what time from your life
it won't affect Zara as well, mom
mom, I want to set Zara free from this relation
what!
mom..
Zara has tolerated so much of griefs in her life, she has suffered a lot
I want to see her happy, mom
if she has decided to take a divorce, then I will divorce her
so will you get along with Zaini again?
No mom..
No
Zaini had been a part of my life though
but she could never become a good friend
she didn't trusted me at that time, when I wanted her trust the most
I used to love her, mom
but Zara taught me what real love is
Love is not about getting someone
Love increases by distributing
to forget your own self for others
this is real love
and Zara had taught me all this, mom
nobody can take Zara's place in my life
and I don't want to betray Zaini
by dear, my child..
when you love Zara so much, then do you want to loose her?
mom...
compulsion is more stronger than love
but I will try one more time
I will try for sure
Zara
Saad & his mother are here
sister wants you to think once again upon your decision
but I want to know what your point of view is
dad, now I want you to give freedom to Saad to live his life
he wasn't at fault at all
except for one thing, that he is my friend
I have decided after thinking long & hard
I won't change my decision
ok dear
if you are not happy with this relation, then I won't stop you for taking divorce from Saad
Let me ask the lawyer to make the documents
Zara isn't ready to continue this relation
can I meet Zara?
you are here?
and I was looking for you in the entire house
how did you enter here?
from this door
and you know it very well that I can go to any corner, or room of this house anytime
you cannot come here
go away from here right away
otherwise, I will gather everyone
and if you think that I will get scared this time
then its your misunderstanding
Wow!
you've become very brave while staying with Saad
I got scared by seeing this attitude of yours
but I am very stubborn!
I like you the way you used to be earlier, the innocent, scared one..
who used to afraid at all times, right?
you won't listen to me like this
where are you going?
Where?
you had made the same mistake last time as well, by calling Saad
what happened then?
Saad kept screaming & yelling that he did nothing, but nobody believed him
and you were compelled to marry Saad
now you are taking divorce from him
so what will you do then?
what will you do without Saad?
how will you spend such a long life alone?
stop your rubbish & go away!
how can I go like that?
I got you with such a difficulty, right?
what do you want, why are you after me?
I want you, I like you... how shall I tell you that I love you a lot
but you are always calling me Adnan uncle, Adnan uncle..
stop calling me Adnan uncle
you can only take 2 names from your mouth
Saad & Adeel
but poor Adeel is dead
and Saad, he had crossed my path like a black cat (a bad omen)
You are crossing your limits! I said leave from here, else I will call Saad
Call Saad, what will he do?
tell me, what he can do?
he did the same thing last time as well, he was screaming & telling the truth but nobody had believed him
and even now nobody is going to believe him
my poor wife Shaista
she also got to know my reality
she was saying the same thing to me that I will tell everyone that I have bad intentions for every girl in this family
what happened then?
I had sent her to her real place
over there..
disgusting man!
Ali?
how dare you to come to my sister?
what? At least listen to me
I will kill you!
how dare you!
but Ali...
brother!
Come with me, come on!
hey Ali, what are you doing?
dad, you don't know what this man did
he broke our trust & harassed our girls
what are you saying?
dad, Saad was telling the truth. He had bad intentions for the girls of our family
I won't spare him. I will kill him dad!
brother, I haven't done any such thing. Don't know what he heard
dad, I heard it from his own mouth
he tried to harass Zara many times, dad
we didn't trusted Saad & Zara by coming into his words, dad
we did so wrong, dad
you!
I had considered you as my little brother, and you...
dad, he doesn't deserve it. I will send him to the jail
dad, he had killed aunt as well
what are you saying, why will I kill my wife? 
Brother, he had a misunderstanding, don't know what rubbish he is uttering
Zara, tell me. Look, don't be afraid
Tell dad everything truly
dad, brother Ali is absolutely correct. This vile man didn't spared his wife as well
he had pushed aunt Shaista from the stairs & killed her
shameless, vile & murderer!
people don't trust others because of the people like you
brother, there isn't any such thing. They are having a misunderstanding, I am not that kind of a person. I am like your little..
Quiet!
I will kill you if you utter a single word
brother...
what have I done?
such a big mistake
how could I do such a big mistake?
I didn't believed on Saad & Zara
what have I done?
what have I done?
I have lost Saad
I have lost Saad
I was telling you earlier as well that my son hasn't done anything
but you guys didn't trusted me
now see, the reality is in front of you all
we made a grave mistake, sister
forgive us, sister Asfa
don't know what not I had said to you unintentionally
Saad
dear, you also please forgive us
aunty please
don't apologize
I know, whatever you did. You did by coming into brother Adnan's words
whatever happened, was due to misunderstanding
but we should have trusted you
we did a grave mistake
you had always respected me as a father and..
I couldn't fulfill your honor
uncle, sometimes we feel our existence very useless
when you cannot give those values to your loved ones
which you give them
but I have learnt one thing in all these circumstances, uncle
that don't keep a lot of expectations from anyone
otherwise you get hurt
you are right, Saad
We had high hopes with you, that you'll support my family as a son in my absence
you will support us in every happy & sad times
and when you got into trouble, then I was the first person who had doubted you
I feel ashamed, Saad
I'm sorry, please forgive me
forget it
but I am happy that...
whatever misunderstandings you people had in your heart
are over today
and I want to end all these things today & right away
we did a very big injustice with you unintentionally
its not possible to repent it but...
now whatever you want
we will do like that
whatever will be Zara's decision, will be my decision too
I won't have an objection on whatever Zara wants
mom
mom, my flight to Australia is booked
I will go by next week
mom
won't you say anything to me?
you can go wherever you want to, Mirha
but stay happy
so mom, I will call you both over there after going
this house has the fragrance of your father & my son, Mirha
I won't go anywhere by leaving this house
mom, I will miss you a lot
go & fulfill your father & your brother's dream, Mirha
study a lot
and become very successful
my prayers are with you
I will do that for sure, mom
sister Mahi, you have to take very good care of mom
you also take care
if possible then please forgive me, Mirha
 forgive me, Mirha
please forgive me, Mirha
hello!
when do I have to meet?
okay
I will come
bye!
when did I said that he was not your friend?
the beginning of love is also based upon friendship, right?
I had understood it
 but Saad have understood it now
the condition in which I saw Mahi, I had forgiven her the same day
thank you so much for the way you have helped her after ignoring everything
but who were those people, & why they did that?
I don't know how Mahi became friends with them, but it was a complete gang
they trap innocent girls in their trap in the same manner
also he was involved in a lot of harassment cases too
but there is no need to worry now. As I have got that guy & his friends arrested red handed
Mahi doesn't have any danger from them anymore
Can I know, why are you doing all this?
On that day, I didn't feel good to see Mahi in that condition
maybe, somewhere I am also responsible that she got astray
I was just trying to rectify my mistake
so that I can get back my value in Mahi's eyes, that I had lost with my own hands
that's why I have called you here, so that I can take your help
do you still like Mahi?
Mahi was the first girl who came into my life
I want her to forgive me
I tried to contact her many times after that incident
I wanted to tell her my feelings
but she didn't picked my call
maybe her wounds are still fresh
few wounds takes time to heal
but I want to heal Mahi's all wounds
and I would be needing your help in it
I also came here with a desire that I will convince you..
to think about Mahi
Mahi is such a nice girl
but the circumstances had made her stone-hearted
she is scared of trusting anyone
Mahi thinks that her trust will break
maybe... she couldn't tell you about her previous marriage because of this fear
whether I want it or not, what difference does it make?
until you don't think this way
even earlier your parents took your life's decision
Can't you make this decision yourself?
if you really love Mahi, then can't you convince your family for Mahi?
you!
please come
for what you guys have come now?
we made a mistake, sister
we came to apologize to you
sister, I know...
you are still upset with us
and your anger is valid
but... right now we are here to apologize & to make one request
with a hope that you will start a new beginning by forgetting the mistakes of the past
and you will forgive us
we are not left with anything anymore, Mr. Noor Alam
the person because of whom you had brought the proposal, even that person had died
so what's the need for all this drama?
are you here to make fun of us?
No sister, no.. we aren't here to make fun of you
we are really embarrassed upon our actions
honestly speaking, Ahmed had asked me many times to tell you the entire truth
but I hid this matter, it was all my mistake
let it be, sister
why are you hurting yourself by recalling it?
even today, Zaviyar loves Mahi the same way he used to love her earlier
believe me, we tried very hard to fix his marriage with someone else
but his heart couldn't remove Mahi's memories
and today when Zara made us realize that...
Zara?
Yes! Don't you know, Zara had explained Zaviyar & opened our eyes
she made us realize that how wrong we were
actually aunty, I met sister Zara at the hospital
I had realized my mistake there & then, in fact I was coming to you guys to apologize
but I stopped, when I got to know about uncle's death
believe me sister, there are very less people in this world who cares about others
your son was really lucky, who got a wife like Zara
just forget all the past related matters
and give us the date, we are here to seek Mahi's proposal
and this time, all the wedding ceremonies will be held in our house
Zara
why do you want to do this?
what do you think?
can you return Saad to me by doing this?
Zara...
Saad was never mine
he used to love you
but... that stupid guy had never realized
that what he used to feel for you, was love or friendship
Zaini
he was just my friend
when did I said that he was not your friend?
the beginning of love is also based upon friendship, right?
I had understood it
but Saad have understood it now
Zaini
give me some time
I will fix everything
I will fix everything, I promise!
I haven't come to you with a complaint
in fact, I have come to tell you
I don't need Saad
I don't want to marry him
and...
neither Saad wants this
Zaini, I don't love you
I love Zara
I didn't come here to hurt you
I just came to tell you that whatever Zara is doing, its all by her own will
and Zara is doing this all for you
but I can't be disloyal to Zara even after leaving her
I had never been disloyal to you as well
there wasn't any fault in my love earlier, nor today
but...
maybe it was destined to happen
our companionship wasn't written in our fate
but the relation fate had given to me & Zara
I will fulfill it till my last breath
when love gets divided...
then it doesn't comes in anyone's share
Saad never gave me any hope
he never gave me any hope
but don't loose him for me
you have already lost brother Adeel
but... don't make a mistake of loosing Saad
he will keep you very happy
I promise..
I don't have any problem with your relation anymore
because I have accepted
therefore, now you also accept it
Don't let injustice happen with you & Saad anymore
life is waiting for you with open arms
go back to Saad
Ok?
Ok sir, I will forward you its presentation soon
thank you!
Ms. Zaini, can we sit & talk for a while?
yes sir, tell me
I wanted to talk to you since a few days but..
in fact, even now I don't understand from where I shall start
Sir, what do you want to discuss?
do you have any problem with my work?
No no, your work is really good. In fact, all of our clients are quite impressed by your performance
Sir, if this is not the reason then?
Zaini... I mean, Ms. Zaini
I want to discuss some personal matter with you
Sir, I think I should leave.. 
Please, don't take me wrong
I won't say anything inappropriate
I just want to say something to you
Sir, you're trying to say something since long time
first decide, whether you want to say or not
Okay..
I want to marry you
what, sir?
please, don't take me wrong
I like you since I saw you the very first time
I thought to tell you later but...
yesterday, when I saw you with someone. I thought, what if I might get late
please don't take my intention in a wrong manner
few years ago..
my parents had died in a plane crash
after that I am handling my dad's business
I was so close to my family
when I saw your bond with your father, I thought that..
you are a family oriented girl, who always gives first priority to her family
Like.. my mom dad
Sir, there is a lot of difference in our standard
most importantly, what will people think?
That I..
No sir, I am so sorry
Please, listen to me. I won't say anything inappropriate
first I will talk to your family, but I wanted to know that
do you like someone?
if yes, then its ok. I won't force you
he was my past
I don't know about your past
but I know this for sure, that your eyes will never get teary in the future
Zara
I won't make promises to you about long life or so..
but I will say, I will support you until I am alive
I will never ask you to forget Adeel
but I will also not tell you to stop living your life
I want to fill your life with the colors of love
which Adeel wanted to..
which I want
yes Zara
I've started loving you
I want to spend my entire life with you
so, why didn't you say it earlier?
because you haven't said it as well
so, say it now
how will I stay alive after getting separated from you?
you are my life, Zara
I won't be able to live without you
will you accompany me in this journey?