I am not ready to change my decision about the plot I have given to Zara.
Why are you mentioning that plot? I don't want that plot back.
When I have given her my only son that there is no worth of that plot in front of him.
Actually, I want to clear all grievances.
I have made that mistake so I apologize in front of you for that.
Mr. Manzoor.
I made a very big mistake.
She was absolutely doing like this.
Please forgive me.
I will treat Zara as my daughter not as daughter-in-law.
Aunt, do you need anything?
Please sit otherwise you will get tired.
Are you still angry with me?
No aunt, I never got angry with you.
Really?
But Adeel told his dad that you refused to marry him because of my behavior.
Actually....
No problem if you are not finding any excuse. No problem.
I already forgot that thing.
I realized that you must have said that out of anger but
This is not a right thing to do.
Because when we have to respond such thing.
Till then the anger cools down.
But that thing doesn't get finished.
If you mind that then I apologize to you.
Hey no, just leave it. There is no need to apologize.
This is my nature. I say what is in my heart.
Just like I said everything clearly in front of Saad.
You must have felt bad about that.
Because he is your best friend.
No aunt, it's Saad's habit to tell jokes like this.
I was stopping him and I forbade him as well.
It's OK.
If his parents didn't teach him that how to treat elders then they must have faced it's consequences.
I don't care.
His dad must be getting punished in the life hereafter.
I think his mother is also very ill.
Yes, she is not feeling well.
Oh and look at that joker.
He roams around Zenny round the clock.
But that's good specially for Zenny.
If she will treat him as a slave then she won't face problems like Maheen.
Otherwise people don't stop saying weird things.
They will say that what's wrong with the girls of this house that they can't live happily in their house.
Saad has been coming here since his childhood.
At that time, no one even knew that he will be engaged with Zenny.
Oh yes.
Everyone was so surprised on this engagement.
Even I also thought that he will be engaged with you.
I am saying this because you have a very good friendship with him.
Anyways, the boys like Saad are
It's not good to make them friend nor enemy.
I don't talk to even friends of such people's friends.
Well, don't take it to yourself.
I am not saying anything to you, my dear child.
If I will have to say anything to you then I will say that very clearly.
And I will also slap you on your both cheeks.
This is my nature.
By the way, we don't have that conventional mother-in-law and daughter-in-law's relation.
You are my daughter and this is normal among mother and her daughter.
And I also treat Mahi and Mirha in same way.
Why am I telling you, you must have known about that.
Adeel shares each and everything about our house with you.
Am I right?
Anyways, press my dress quickly.
And after that make a cup of tea.
Right?
What happened to both of you?
Nothing.
And where is Zara?
Zara is at service of her mother-in-law.
Which service?
Aunt has asked her to press her dress so she is doing that.
Hmm.
And her mother-in-law has give her work immediately.
By the way, what do you think about aunt Farida's drama?
I don't know Saad and I don't want to know about it either.
What happened to her?
I don't know.
Right now I am worried that what must be happening there.
Nothing will happen. I am here.
I will take care of everything.
Really? But how.
If I will have to bow down my head because of this friendship then I will do that.
I will apologize to Zara's mother-in-law.
Will you apologize? Huh, you can't face aunt.
Now, you are teasing me.
I will see you once this tension is finished.
Yes I am also worried about that.
Zara hasn't come back yet.
Mahi, we should call police.
I am going to neighbor's house and call dad.
No Mahi.
Don't go by leaving me alone. Please.
I am afraid that they will come again.
You opened the door, so why are you scared now?
I didn't open the door for them Mahi.
Really?
Then who came that you went out even in this condition?
Mahi.
I don't know.
Sit here quietly. I will be right back.
Do you know, what was Maheen saying?
What was she saying?
She said that sister Farida was just pretending to apologize and she has some other intentions.
Make her understand that we don't have to take this matter long.
I also said this to her but she was continuously repeating the same thing then I said that should we ask Zara to stay here like you.
Then she got angry with me and said that she will never say anything about Zara's matter.
That will be good if she won't say anything.
Whatever she said was her childish behavior but whatever you said was not right at all.
Is this the way to talk to our daughters? Why did you say that?
As I told you that she was continuously talking so I just said that to keep her quiet at any cost.
I told her that Adeel is a nice guy and he will handle everything. If husband is good then mother-in-law and sister-in-law can't do anything bad.
He is ready to give her a separate house so he will make everything better.
Usama contacted me as well.
Usama called you?
What did he say?
He wants to come here.
He shouldn't come here in their presence.
OK, I forbid him.
If you will forbid him then he will think that you don't want to meet him.
O God.
Children are test for parents.
What do you say?
Where did you go?
Were you missing me?
I wasn't missing you at all.
Really?
Then I am leaving and I won't come back until you won't miss me.
It's not good to go there where you are not missed.
Let's go in like a good boy and that won't benefit you if you will do that because I won't miss you even then.
Really?
So, it's my misconception. You don't love me at all. Right?
Adeel.
Adeel.
Where were you? I was looking for you for a long time.
What have you brought?
What have you brought for my daughter-in-law?
Actually.
Sister-in-law called me and asked me to pick something from her mother's house so I have picked that.
Which sister-in-law?
The wife of your newly married friend?
Yes.
Oh my God.
I am unable to understand the girls of this generation.
He just got married and now she is missing her mother's house.
If that was the case then she should have stay with her mother and wouldn't get married. No one forced her to get married. Right?
OK, I will tell her when I will go back.
Why will you make her understand?
You should talk to your friend. Tell him that if he will  control his wife right now
Then he will be saved otherwise he will regret.
OK, I will tell him.
Tell me, did you talk to sister Maham?
I called her but her phone was switched off.
Well.
I was about to ask you but you are asking me. I thought that you must have talked to her.
No, I even called Mirha but her phone was also switched off.
Oh God.
Zara, you must have talke to her. When did you talk to Mahi last time?
I didn't talk to Mahi.
You didn't talk to her.
But you must have called Mirha to ask about her well being.
What did she say? Why are their phones switched off?
I didn't talk to Mirha as well.
What?
You didn't talk to Mirha. You didn't even call her.
At least you should have called her to ask about her well being. My daughter got such a big accident but you didn't even call her.
I called her that day and I have calling her since last two days but Mirha didn't receive my call.
Well, she was not in her senses during last two days.
You should have called her later and ask her about her health.
What she must be thinking that her sister-in-law doesn't take care of her.
At least you should have taken care of that.
But Mirha should have called her back if she couldn't receive her call.
Anyways, just leave it. Let me try to contact them.
Yes do something Adeel.
My heart is pounding. Some weird thoughts are coming to my mind. My daughters are alone at home. What must have happened to them?
Aunt, why are you getting worried. Nothing must have happened, everything must be alright.
And by the way, two girls are not alone at home
Don't worry, let me call her.
Yes ask someone to give information about them.
Hey, ask the same friend, for whom you are doing these services.
Ask him to do this for you, he should go to our home and get information about my daughters.
My heart is pounding. You don't understand that my daughters are alone at home.
Hello.
Hello, greetings dad. Dad, where are you and where is mom?
What happened my child, you look worried and whose number is this?
Dad, I am calling you from Reshma's number. Just tell me, where are you?
I am at home and I was sleeping.
Tell me, why are you so worried?
We are in big trouble. Our house has been robbed and they took everything.
What do you mean?
Are you and Mirha alright?
Yes me and Mirha are alright but
They took all cash, jewelry and our mobiles that's why I am calling you from her number.
Dad, please come back quickly.
Don't worry about those things, those will be bought again.
Thank God that both of you are safe.
My child, don't worry.
Please come back quickly dad.
OK, we are coming back immediately.
Listen to me.
Don't tell anyone about this incident.
Especially to your mother.
Otherwise she will keep crying on the way back.
No, I won't tell anyone dad.
But please come back. I need you dad.
Yes, we are coming back.
Go back to home and take care of yourself and Mirha. OK, good bye.
OK. Good bye.
Thank you Reshma.
Maham do one thing. Bring Mirha here until uncle and aunt are back.
No Reshma, I have to go back home.
Mirha's foot is injured.
She can't even walk. OK, I am leaving. She is alone at house.
Good bye.
OK, ask them to talk to me as soon as you reach there. OK.
What did he say? When will he reach there?
I asked him to go there and ask them to talk to me.
Oh God, I don't know whose evil sight effected my house.
Who is that cursed one?
Nothing is right, first Mirha got that accident and now this. Oh God.
Mom, why are you getting worried? Nothing will happen.
We will talk to them shortly.
How will that time pass Adeel.
I am so worried. Ask him to go there quickly and ask them to talk to me.
All these problems only come to me. Look at your dad.
He is sleeping soundly. He doesn't have any worry that his two young daughters are alone at home.
Mom, nothing will happen. Please be patient.
Just think, that how can I get relax. Have their phones switched off like this earlier?
The phones of both of them are switched off.
Why are you thinking negatively? Nothing will happen.
Please pray to God.
Just relax.
Oh God, My Lord, keep my daughters safe.
Everything will be alright.
Maheen.
Maheen.
Last time Adeel and Mahi came here then Mirha got accident.
And now, our house is robbed.
God forbid, I don't know whose evil sight is effecting my house?
Tell me, didn't your mother-in-law say anything to you?
I forbade you Saad.
But you get out of control in your jolly mood. That's really rude.
It means that she has said something.
She didn't say anything.
But she has felt bad about that.
And anyone can feel bad about that.
You should be careful.
All of us can understand your nature.
I can understand that because I know you but not everyone will understand that.
So please be careful.
You are hiding that from me.
I am hiding nothing. I told you that she didn't say anything. Why are you repeating same question again and again?
So why are you so angry? That was just a joke.
And I think that you are minding more than aunt Farida.
Saad don't talk to me in a loud voice. You know that I am right.
No, you are not right.
This has been happened so many times that you are misbehaving with me because of them.
I didn't say any such thing. I am just saying that
If you don't tell me then won't I understand?
Do you understand? What have you understood?
Saad, you are son-in-law of this family so take care of your honor.
And just go, I have to do my work. I don't have spare time to talk to you.
And listen to me.
I am son-in-law of this house.
So treat me with respect.
Hey, hey, stop. Where are you going in such a hurry?
I am going back to home.
So soon?
What do you mean by that?
I am not that son-in-law who stays in in-laws' house.
No, I didn't mean that.
Has anything happened?
Nothing has happened.
Has someone said anything to you?
Has aunt Farida said something?
There is no such thing. Why do you stick with everything?
Saad, I will do that if you won't tell me.
When I am saying that nothing has happened. Then?
Oh I see, it means that Zara must have said something.
She didn't say anything.
Give me the way.
OK, you can go but don't go with this bad mood.
Dolly called me, mom's medicine have been finished so I have to bring her medicine.
OK, but when will you come back.
I will come back, but let me go now.
OK, ride your bike carefully. Please.
Dad, you called me.
Yes, Adeel, we will have to go back immediately.
We will have to go back immediately?
Is everything alright?
No my son, nothing is right.
But don't tell your mother.
What's the matter dad, please tell me.
Our house has been robbed.
Our house has been robbed?
Yes.
Keep your voice low.
Your mother shouldn't know about it.
Did you talk to Mirha and Mahi.
I am trying to call them continuously but their phones are switched off.
What happened? What are you hiding from me?
My house has been robbed and you are hiding this from me.
Oh God, In which condition are my daughters? I want to talk to my daughters.
My house has been robbed.
Farida, keep quiet.
That's why I didn't want to tell you.
I knew that you will react like this.
Both Mahi and Mirha are safe.
And such robberies are a common thing now.
It's not a common thing for me.
It's a very significant thing but why are you saying that this is normal.
It's a very significant thing for me.
I never lost anything in my house.
And now my house has been robbed today and that too at which time
Had this robbery to be happened today when we are here to fix Adeel's marriage date and you are saying that it's a normal thing.
It's just a mere coincidence.
Such people do research of houses and they must have known that both girls are alone at home.
It's not a coincidence.
It's a signal from nature. Why don't you understand?
Nature is trying to tell us that this girl is not right for my house.
She has a bad omen. She will bring destruction to our house. She is cursed.
And now I won't take her to my house. I am telling you.
Dad, make her understand, what is she talking about?
What am I talking about? Don't you see?
I won't take her to my house. I can't see my house ruined.
I will make decision. Refuse them.
Just keep quiet.
I don't understand you. You change your thoughts within seconds, you become mad.
Yes, I become mad. Yes, I am mad.
But I am telling you clearly that I won't let my house destroy like this.
Adeel, make the decision right now, right away.
Divorce that cursed girl right now, right away. I am telling you that I won't take her to my house.
My daughters are alone there. My house has been robbed but you don't care about that. You only care about that cursed girl.
Divorce her.
She has a bad omen. My house has been robbed because of her. Oh God.
Just shut up.
I am going to talk to brother Manzoor and I warn you if you tried to follow me.
And one more thing.
Pack your things. I will be back.
Mom, listen to me.
You listen to me.
Do I also pack your things or will you sit here in front of them to explain everything?
They will blame us that we have made an excuse.
It's very easy for them to blame us.
OK, I am going also going with you. Please lower your voice.
As you know that Mirha is very sensitive.
She is youngest among siblings.
She was so scared.
She was so scared that she tried to stand from wheel chair and run away, she forgot that her leg is broken.
She wanted to safe her life.
Thank God that you are safe.
We can buy those things again.
But nothing is more important than our life.
You are absolutely right.
Let me call Adeel, you should talk to him.
He asked me to do that.
Yes please.
Someone is calling you.
Hold on, it's Hamza's call. Maybe Mahi wants to talk to me.
Let me talk to him. Hello, Hamza
Hamza, how are you?
Ask Mahi to talk to me.
Hello.
Are you alright Mahi? Is Mirha alright?
Didn't those goons misbehave with you? I am so worried.
Yes mom, both of us are absolutely fine.
When will you come back? Please come quickly, I am afraid.
Did you see my child?
You asked me to bring that cursed girl to our home.
Did you see now?
Our house has been robbed before her marriage.
I have made my decision. I have told Adeel.
I won't get convinced at any cost.
I will ask Adeel to give her divorce right now, right away.
Mahi, my heart is pounding. I don't understand anything.
Mom, hello, hello.
Mom, I can't hear you. Let me go outside.
Hello, mom.
Hello. Can you hear me.
Yes I can hear you and I was hearing you earlier as well.
But Hamza was sitting there so I couldn't talk to you.
OK. Mahi
I have told Adeel clearly.
I won't accept Zara at any cost now. That's it.
What are you doing mom?
I told you everything. Treat them with fake love.
They shouldn't know about your feelings.
I can't do that.
I can't do such dramas.
I have told Adeel clearly that I don't need this girl so I don't need this girl. That's it.
Don't you need your son as well?
If you will reject Zara then you will also lose Adeel.
Why don't you understand Mahi? Try to understand my point.
She has a bad omen and because of her my house has been robbed today.
She don't have a bad omen.
All of this has been done by your own daughter. Mirha is behind this robbery.
What?
What are you talking about?
Why would Mirha do that? Why are you blaming her?
You know it very well that I don't lie.
I never lied, I am telling you the truth.
Anyways, it's not important at the moment. We will talk about it when you will come back. Just fix marriage date and come back.
Hey, go to hell that marriage. Tell me about Mirha.
Why are you blaming her?
Why do you repeat same thing again and again? As I said that we will talk about it when you will come back.
Mom, you should assure them that Zara will live very happily after marriage in our house.
I won't do that at all.
I can't do that.
Why don't you understand?
If you want to remove Zara's love from Adeel's heart then you will have to accept her first. And listen to me very carefully, I won't support you this time.
I will support dad and Adeel.
Wow, that's wonderful.
Now you will also go against your mother?
Yes.
I will go against you but I won't oppose you.
Both of us will have to do this hypocrisy to accept Zara.
You will see that this hypocrisy will bring your son to your feet. Are you getting my point?
OK, don't day anything.
Tell me about Mirha's matter.
What's that matter?
Hello. Hello. Mom.
Mom, I can't hear you, I will talk to you later.
Hello, I can hear you clearly.
You are hearing my voice. Right?
So listen.
Just do what I am saying. Pretend to be kind to them.
And how to change this sweetness into bitterness, I will tell you about that.
Are you getting my point?
I am going. Good bye.
No Mahi.
Mahi.
She hanged up the phone.
What's that Mirha's matter?
How did you get this accident?
I was hit by a bike rider and I fell down.
Oh sorry, I didn't know about that.
Can you please take me to doctor. I am feeling so much pain.
Me?
I will get brother Adeel's permission.
Please take me.
OK don't worry. Let me try to bring doctor here.
Thank you.
Brother, here is your coffee.
I don't want to take it.
But you asked me to bring it.
So, I am refusing now.
I will tell you when I will need it. Take it away.
What's the matter? Is everything alright?
No.
Did Zara say anything?
No.
I am your sister.
I can understand brother. Tell me what's the matter?
That was my mistake.
Brother, can I say something if you don't mind.
Do you know, what is your mistake?
That you go there so often.
Brother that is your in-laws' house. You shouldn't go there that much.
Yes, that's my in-laws' house.
That is not any border that I will be caught if I cross the line of control.
That's not a border but there is a line of control in relations. And that should be there.
Brother you go there everyday and sometime you go there twice or thrice in a day.
It's not good. Your respect may lessen if you go there often.
This is old school of thought. Now no one believe this.
People do believe on this.
And people who accept this they don't listen such things.
So you are taunting me.
Why would I taunt you brother?
I am just telling you brother, that is not only your in-laws' house, that is also my in-laws' house.
And I don't like at all when you come back in this bad mood.
But I told you that it was my mistake.
But that doesn't make any difference that whose mistake was that or not.
I am talking about your relation with that house.
Try to understand this thing.
Now just imagine that I will live in that house in future and if the same thing will happen in front of me then will I like that. Not at all.
You don't know brother, it's a very big thing for a sister.
OK, bring coffee again. It must be cold.
Right.
What are you talking about brother? Your house has been robbed.
Oh my God, but how did that happen? Are our daughters safe?
Yes, thankfully both daughters are safe.
Such incidents happen these days.
But you don't have to worry?
But why don't I worry?
Our daughters were alone at house and house was robbed but you are saying that nothing to worry about.
Oh my God, I am saying the same thing.
I am also saying the same thing that why should we worry. Make your brother understand.
Last time Adeel and Mahi came here then Mirha got accident and this time our house has been robbed.
God forbid, whose evil sight is effecting my house.
Be thankful to God that our daughters are safe.
And what about my desires with which I came here.
I came here to fix my son's marriage but I couldn't put a red scarf on my daughter-in-law's head.
It's a happy occasion but we won't be able to give sweets to each other.
Oh God, it's such a bad start to this marriage, I don't know what will happen next.
Sarwat listen to me.
Recite Quran in house.
Feed the starving and needy people.
Give charity otherwise the jealous people will effect our children happiness.
My God, keep my children happiness safe from evil sight.
Stop sister.
God accepts our wishes so don't say any bad thing, just mention good things.
Hey, my child.
My dear daughter. The light of my house.
May you get my life.
Don't tell your friends about Adeel.
Girls do tell their friends about gifts from their fiance.
But you don't know my child because you are so innocent.
Girls become jealous.
And my son gives you such expensive gifts then they must feel jealous about that.
Aunt, what happened? Is everything alright?
Nothing has happened. Just come here. Give me some cash.
Give me some cash. Why are you delaying it.
Let me give charity in my daughter's name.
O God, keep my daughter's happiness safe from evil sight.
Take it Sarwat.
Give it to any beggar. It's my daughter's charity.
And you will see.
Whoever has put an evil sight on my children happiness.
He will get eye infection. You will see.
What? No.
No, I wasn't mentioning you. I swear I didn't say that for you.
My heart is pounding.
Bring water for me.
My heart is pounding, I don't know about my daughter's condition.
Just sit down.
Sit down. Bring water.
I don't know whose evil sight effected my children happiness.
My heart is pounding.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Bring water.
Bring it quickly.