 Dolly, Maheen shouldn't have done whatever she did with you. I am so ashamed of it
She did all this to humiliate me in front of all, so that I shall stay ashamed in front of her for lifetime
but I will also see, that how come she'll stay happy after coming here
 what's your problem? Why are you after her?
okay bye
bye!
Saad, you!
yes I... 
but you have your office at this time
I took a half day today
what as such important work it was that you took a half day?
sit, let me tell you
Okay
So, tell me
what do you wanted to say?
Zaini, I wanted to talk to you
by the way, I know what you want to say
what do you know?
You want to talk about our marriage
yes but... 
but what?
Zaini, I cannot marry you
what happen, from where you are coming in such a hurry? Is everything fine?
hey! you seem worried. What happened, tell me
it seems that poor girl's heart got broken once again
Zaini, listen to me
when you don't want to marry me then what's left to be heard?
at least, listen to me...
that...
you don't want to marry?
but Saad on that day
when you had expressed your love for me, what was all that?
Zaini, I am compelled. I want to marry, but right now I am helpless
Can I know?
what as such compulsion is it?
Zaini, I want to settle down. I am not ready for this
when you've already said too much, then tell me the truth as well
what do you mean?
what are you trying to say?
that... you don't want to marry because of Zara
Zaini, you are crazy! From where Zara came in between?
She had always been in between us, Saad
and this reality can never change
you are thinking wrong, there is nothing like that
try to recall, at the time of our engagement we had decided not to marry until I get settle
and you had agreed on it
all of these are excuses, Saad!
you are still lying to yourself & to me as well
for God sake Zaini, try to understand my point
Zaini, listen to me
Zaini!
leave my hand
listen to me
I said leave my hand. Saad, leave my hand!
Maheen will apologize to Dolly 
Come on, apologize!
Maheen didn't you hear, what he is saying?
apologize to Dolly
when did you come?
nobody told me
Greetings! actually you were sleeping after taking your medicine that's why I didn't wake you up
Greetings!
why did they call you?
Actually they had to visit Ali's in-laws house that's why
you must have gone there being the elder sister, right?
obviously, why? I shouldn't have gone there?
No no, you should have gone there for sure
but you should have taken your husband along with you, after all he is the eldest son-in-law of that house
he wasn't required there aunty, dad was there to look after everything
hmm... right. Because they don't treat a son-in-law like a son-in-law in your family
what are you trying to say?
see, I don't like to beat about the bush
if you've decided to live with Usama, then you have to fulfill my wish too
what kind of a wish?
for the heir of this house
its been 4 years to your marriage, and you haven't given any good news to my son as of yet
look at your sister, its been only a few months to her marriage & God has blessed her with a good news
and you... 
do think about it
I was missing you a lot, mom
my child, why don't you call me then?
do you know, I keep waiting for your call at all times
then I think about calling you myself
then I think, she might be busy somewhere else she would have called me herself
when brother Ali is coming back?
God willing, he is coming back day after tomorrow
I have so many complaints with you, mom
a lot had happened & you didn't even tell me
what I should have told you, dear?
one thing or the other was happening here, Maheen didn't left a chance 
to get us humiliated
even brother Ali was so worried
how he cannot be?
he got trapped very badly. One side is his wife & on the other side is his sister. He doesn't want to make anyone upset
I have asked brother Ali as well, not to worry at all
mom, can't you get this wedding done earlier by talking to dad?
you know sister Maheen, she never want this wedding to happen
She doesn't like Dolly
that's why your father is showing haste, this time Maheen has crossed all the limits
mom, please don't worry. God willing, everything will be fine
anyways, don't you worry. Everything is fine now over here
tell me, how are the preparations going on over there for the wedding?
mom, the work is quite a lot
you tell me, when are you guys coming?
yes yes, we are coming for sure. In fact, Manzoor was saying that we'll stay with you for 2 days
really?
yes, I am telling the truth
in fact, your father was saying that he'll talk to your father-in-law to send you along with us
after all, you have to do you preparations too over here
yes mom
Greetings mom!
Greetings!
where have you gone?
I have gone to the parlor. Why, do you have any work?
why did you go alone? You should have taken Mirha along with you
have you forgotten, you have house arrested her
oh yes... how can I forget that. Oh God, she got me so much humiliated in front of Zara
what she must be thinking
So, you shall also insult her
what do you mean by this?
nothing
I was just saying, if you had to go out then you should have asked me. I would have accompanied you, why did you go alone?
what's wrong? Have I gone outside for the first time?
you haven't gone for the first time
but you are about to get married, try to sit at home for a few days
your granny didn't used to let me go to the terrace even
she had made me sit at home for almost a week's time
oh mom, these are old school thoughts. Nothing as such happen nowadays
really? Do these Djinn & evil eye changes with time?
dear, there are evil eyes which affect girls. Specially the brides
honestly, sometimes I feel that you should be sitting at some shrine
oh God forgive me, its totally useless to talk to you
I was joking...
oh mom, look at my hands they look so pale. At least, you can apply some mask
I will make it tonight, and will apply you tomorrow. Your skin will start glowing
would you like to drink tea?
yes, make me a good cup of tea
let me bring it
my dear child... 
what are you doing?
I don't want to stay here, drop me to my house
but Maheen, what happened? Why are you so angry?
as I said, I won't stay here for a minute
Maheen, why are you being so angry? Its not good for your health
why don't you go & ask your mom? Why she doesn't leave me alone!
what did mom said now?
She was taunting me. She was saying that I've kept you away from a child's happiness since so many years
well, she haven't said anything wrong though
even I want the same that we shall have a family
so, am I only at fault for this?
when did I say that?
but you want to say that, right?
I didn't mean that, what's wrong with you?
I know it very well, that how people like you treat their wives when they are unable to give birth to children
enough Maheen!
every men desires for a child
and today our relation is suffering because of your negative thinking
you want to leave this house, right?
then leave
but remember one thing very clearly
if you leave this house today, then all the doors of this house will be closed on you forever
do think... 
that what do you want to do
Mirha, I am so sorry... 
go away from here, sister
I never wanted to hurt you
then what else was your intention? 
You don't care about my pain, sister
I know what had happened with you
you don't have any idea sister, that what had happened with me
I know, you wanted to take revenge from me. Right?
Revenge?
I will take revenge from you, Mirha? What rubbish you are thinking?
I am thinking absolutely right thing, sister
since you never got any happiness, that's why you cannot digest my happiness as well
you are misbehaving now
go away! Go away, nobody had asked you to come here
Mirha, I just came to explain you that whatever you are doing is wrong
stop it, sister! Please, don't pretend to be so sympathetic towards me
and kindly do knock the door before entering someone's room
Sarwat
Greetings!*
for the first time it had happened today that I came in & you didn't get to know
when did you come?
just now
where were you lost?
Mr. Manzoor, only if there is one thought then I shall tell you
anyways, you can tell me any one of the thoughts that you wish to
just now I was talking to Zara on call
don't know why I had felt that she is worried
also she is upset & wanted to say something
why did you felt that way?
whenever she says to me that "I am missing you, mom"
it means, she is worried
didn't you ask her?
she never tells me anything, you know her
anyways, since we are going to see her tomorrow. So we'll meet & ask her
I have told her as well
that your father & I are thinking to bring you along with us, so that you can do the preparations here
what did she said?
she said, ok
okay
did you talk to Asfa? Did she talked to Saad, any answer from their side?
No... She couldn't speak to her, since its his new job so he must be busy
yes, that's right but they haven't answered about such an important matter. I don't get it
even I am worried about it. I've kept the matter of Zaini & Saad's wedding in front of her from my side
now I am waiting for her answer
what do you think?
I think they wouldn't have any objection
but yes, I also understand that Saad's consent shall also be there in this relation
yes yes, that's right. Why he would have an objection?
if God wills!
Zaini, you are crazy! From where Zara came in between?
She had always been in between us, Saad
and this reality can never change
leave my hand
listen to me
I said leave my hand. 
Saad, leave my hand!
No, its not like that.
 Life had become so weird
somewhere or the other there are tensions in life
what's wrong Saad, you seem quite worried to me. Is everything alright?
I miss you a lot
I wish you had been here, then there wouldn't be any problem in life
every men desires for a child
and today our relation is suffering because of your negative thinking
you want to leave this house, right?
then leave
but remember one thing very clearly
if you leave this house today, then all the doors of this house will be closed on you forever
how are you, Maheen?
what am I asking, how you must be
I heard that you've gone back to your in-laws house
anyways its good, I've sent this card specially to you
as you don't have to come alone anymore
I hope that you'll come for sure
oh God what had happened to me, why you won't come?
you should also see that what a good suitor I have got
ok then, I will wait for you
Mahi, I have come to talk about something important to you. What are you doing in your phone since so long?
I am showing you something, wait a second
look at this, how does this card looks?
what is it?
we have to invite few people, I would have called & invited them
from where this card came in between, what was the need of it?
you don't know what is needed where & when. You know nothing!
I don't understand your words. Don't know what rubbish you utter
there is no need to think too much about me
just let me fulfill my desires
now you'll see how they'll be jealous
its looking good, right?
the card is good, but where are you setting the fire?
over there... in Karachi
ok listen, I am forwarding it to you. Send it to the people in Karachi as well
send it
Okay
set them on fire...
are you still angry with me? Until when you won't talk to me?
its been so many days that you haven't spoken to me properly
what shall I talk to you about?
as if earlier you used to ask before talking to me?
your tea
I will drink the tea from outside, you...
sit down
sit down...
I will drink the tea outside
Shaista look, I know you like children
even I like them but...
I cannot accept the responsibility of someone else's child, I am not ready for it
have you ever thought
what will happen to us?
who will be our support in our old age?
until now God is our support, He will be our support in the future too
and we aren't the first husband & wife who doesn't have kids. There are many couples in this world who doesn't have kids
but Adnan...
enough! Whatever I wanted to say, I have said it
I won't argue on this matter ever
come on get up, come outside
I am not coming, mom
there is no need to talk rubbish with me, got it?
if you will talk much, then I will tell your antics to your father
mom, at least listen to me once. He is a nice guy
Don't you dare to take that guy's name from your tongue
tomorrow is your sister's wedding, your aunt will be here. If you'll make any spectacle in front of her
then no body will be as bad as me, I am telling you!
quickly come outside, enough of your tantrums
its good that you came, else I was about to call you
do you have any work with me?
its been quite a lot of days that we've met
you don't know what not had happened here
what happened, is everything alright?
No, nothing as such but..
what shall I tell you, Shaista?
you are our family member, & nothing is hidden from you
you are aware of everyone's nature. Maheen has misbehaved with Dolly
now Ali is asking to do the wedding within this month
your brother is saying, then lets get Zaini married too
but sister, only a few days have passed after Adeel's demise
even we had thought about it for the very first time
then we thought to talk to my brother after gathering some courage
when I call him, I got to know that he is preparing for Mahi's wedding
I thought, as I have to go there so now I will discuss it after going there
its a good news
so when are you leaving then?
we are leaving today evening
that's why I was about to call you
as I have some errands to complete from the market, so come along with me
its ok, no problem. As you say
ok, let me go & ask Zaini. If she also wants to go then she can come with us
yes yes, go ahead
shall I make tea for you?
no sister, lets go to the market
Zaini, at least pick up the phone
Zaini, you haven't gone to the university?
no mom, there was no class today. Also tomorrow is a day off
anyways, its good
I was worried that you need to take a day off tomorrow, and what if you miss your studies
hmm...
are you going somewhere?
yes, I am going to the market with Shaista. You also come along
I have to buy a few gifts, as we hardly have any time. So, its just today's day
mom, I am having severe headache. Please you may go
dear, take a medicine. And do check the packing of the things after you get better. Ok?
Okay
and if we get late, then do inform your father
Okay, I will inform him
let me see...
Saad?
yes Saad, did you call?
I was a bit busy
Zara, I need your help
help?
Saad, you only call me whenever you need my help. Right?
No, its not like that. Life had become so weird
somewhere or the other there are tensions in life
what's wrong Saad, you seem quite worried to me. Is everything alright?
I miss you a lot
I wish you had been here, then there wouldn't be any problem in life
Saad, tell me what's the problem
everyone wants me to get married but I...
Zara...
I'll talk to you later
what are you doing here? The henna girl has come outside to apply henna to Mahi
quickly come outside, a lot of work is pending dear
yes
Zara
mom... dad
greetings!
Greetings! stay blessed
Greetings!
stay blessed my child
hey brother Ahmed, Greetings!
Greetings brother...
Zara, dear here is your juice
greetings! 
hey, quickly drink your juice. Come on
Sarwat...
Congratulations!
Congratulations to you too Sarwat, we are seeing this joyous day because of our Zara
come inside
are you going somewhere?
yes mom, I am going to Zara's house
but they have gone to Hyderabad, as its Mahi's wedding tomorrow
but nobody told me
not even Zaini
really? Maybe, they've forgotten
anyways... tell me about what I have said to you
what have you decided?
mom, I don't want to marry right now
why don't you get Dolly married?
and yours?
mom, I will marry later
Saad, what's wrong dear? Why are you doing this?
mom, I am not rejecting you for the wedding. But I don't want to get married right now
I want to become independent & a successful person
no matter if anyone understands me or not but...
at least you will understand
mom, I want to make my career
I will get married once I will settle
I will get married whenever you will ask me to
please just give me some time
and mom I've decided, I won't get married until I become a successful person
and now I will tell this to uncle as well
here you go, your tea
thank you!
Mr. Manzoor, did you see?
how my sister-in-law is taking care of Zara
yes, I saw that. I couldn't believe my eyes
even Zara is very happy
may God keep her always smiling
Ameen
Maheen didn't come?
its good if she doesn't come, you know Maheen & Mahi don't have good terms
something inappropriate must have happened then
hmm...
leave it
Okay brother Ahmed was asking about you, shall I send him here?
I will meet him after drinking the tea
Okay
hello Maheen, how are you?
You've called after so many days
yes, actually I was so busy that I hardly got any time
you tell me, how are you doing?
I am absolutely fine
See, I didn't had an idea that both of us are about to become relatives
I was about to call you
Zaini, are you ready?
yes
show me
oh wow! you are looking so pretty
thank you!
Zaini
what's the matter, Zaini?
why don't you talk to me like previous times?
are you upset with me?
hey, both of you are here
the guests have already come, come on
and yes Zara, take care of yourself dear
you don't have to do much work, we are here & we'll handle everything
come, go check Mahi whether she is ready or not
are you still upset with me?
I'm sorry
I was angry at that time, that's why
you were angry, huh!
so does it mean that you've got a certificate to misbehave with me?
Ok I am saying sorry, now spit your anger
drink your tea, as its getting cold
let it be
here my wife's anger isn't cooling down, and you are worried about the tea
it cannot happen, because you've become habitual of taking out someone else's anger on me
I'm sorry! I promise, next time you can take out all of your anger on me
I came early from office today just because of you
since its your cousin's wedding, so lets go there
I don't want to go anywhere
why? But you were saying that she is your close relative
Yes, so she is my relative. When I don't have any issue then what is your problem?
ok fine, as you wish
lets do one thing
lets go somewhere for an outing and take mom, Shehla & Sawera too along with us
what is the need to take them? What will they do over there with us?
Since we'll go, so they'll get bored at home
quickly get ready, meanwhile let me go & tell them