You two are about to be separated
If you want to say any last words to each then please say it now.
I'll get going. You look beautiful as a bride.
She was taunting me with Ali's name like he isn't my fiance.
You know how she is, she's like that...
Please...
All of you have have spoiled her rotten.
I think Saad bought the ring for his size. What will happen now?
Really...
If the ring is Saad's size...
then give it to Saad.
What happened?
What are you thinking about?
I didn't ask you such a hard question.
It might not be hard for you.
But Saad is my childhood friend.
I could never think...
that you would suspect me this way.
Really... that means I am not as per your expectations.
It's like that, isn't it?
That's what I was trying to tell you.
There is no need to meet everyone's expectation.
No need for that.
You retaliated towards me for Saad,
and I liked it.
I'm your husband,
but that doesn't mean that you listen to everything I say.
And please...
Don't try to bother yourself too much for me.
A husband is said to be a wife's emotional God.
It is ordered for a wife to listen to her husband's commands.
But not of something dishonorable.
I hope you understand this...
I don't understand...
How can I thank my God..
who has written you in my fate.
So now, I can give you a wedding present, right?
Wow... how pretty.
Just a second.
Beautiful.
Thank you Adeel.
My pleasure.
Now don't worry.
Saad, where were you when we were sending off the bride?
I was there.
Don't lie, I saw you leaving.
Why didn't you meet Zara?
No reason.
I couldn't see her leave.
What's the matter?
You're very emotional.
You've never shown this side to anyone else before.
It's not like that.
Where is it written that a man can't be emotional.
I haven't read much books.
But that one I'm reading right now, I'm asking this question.
You've grown quite a tongue, who are you learning this from?
When you can hide things, can't I make them up?
Now tell me, why didn't you meet Zara? Where were you?
I cannot see the bride being sent off.
And, I've never been so far away from Zara.
Look... every girl has to one day leave her home.
One day, I will leave this house and come to your home.
And Dolly will one day get married and leave as well.
Things are different with you two.
How's that?
You two will be in the same city, unlike Zara who's far away.
Yes... I miss her as well.
We've never been away from each other for so long.
Alright... it's getting later, I'll turn in.
I have to be up early in the morning.
Farewell*
How long will your mood remain off?
Who are you speaking to?
There's no one else in the room but me.
If there's no one else in this room but you, then I'm asking this from you.
Really... that's a new news to me.
Since when anyone in this house has cared for my mood?
Alright fine... we'll care for your mood moving forward.
Look, our daughter-in-law is here now.
If you keep roaming around like this with a long face...
then it won't look good.
Does our daughter-in-law doesn't know my worth in this house?
After all Sarwat must have made her mind before she sent her here.
Who will be aware of Sarwat's manipulative nature if not me?
Don't even try with me on this.
Look, Zara is a girl from the new generation.
And girls nowadays don't hate their in-laws for no reason.
This is what I'm trying to explain to you.
What are you trying to say, be clear?
What I'm trying to say is, whatever problem you have with Sarwat...
I don't want that affecting Adeel and Zara's marriage.
Hmm... Mr. Ahmed, for your kind information...
I was the one who took the barat there.
I brought her here with affection.
If I wanted to meddle in this marriage, Meha's broken leg was excuse enough for me.
But no, you agree to everything your sister says to you.
I'm sure she must have cried in front of you that I'll be cruel to her daughter.
Fareeda, don't twist everything and put it on Sarwat.
She didn't say anything to me.
What I'm saying is of my opinion.
Enough of this. Don't try to explain things to me, I don't need it.
Go to sleep and let me go to sleep.
The guests will start arriving in the morning. I'm tired.
It seems I'll have to turn off the lights as well.
Adeel, what are you doing inside the kitchen?
I'm making breakfast.
I can see that, but why you?
Why? Can't I make it?
Let me make tea...
The tea is almost done, just two minutes.
Who are you trying to shame?
Do you think we'll make your wife do house chores the day after her marriage?
Is that why you're making breakfast?
What's the matter with you? I'm making such a lovely breakfast.
Why are you saying such things?
Does your wife know this?
Why? Does it make a difference? Anyways, she doesn't know.
She's sleeping.
Let me tell you something Adeel.
Don't spoil your wife so much.
It's hard to unspoil them afterwards.
Don't spoil Zara, otherwise you'll regret it for the rest of your life.
I don't believe such things.
I think doing things like this only increases love between two people.
Shall I say something, if you don't mind?
You complained against your husband that he didn't take care of you
and he had the same complaint against you.
If your brother is taking care of his wife, then you should be happy.
I'm here and so are you.
Let's see what happens.
She will make you regret your decision.
Alright fine,
if you've left it to the future then there's no point in arguing.
Tea is ready, tell me how it tastes
Take it for whom you've made it. I don't want it.
Finish up and vacate the kitchen, I've got work to do.
Saad, I messaged you last night and you're calling me just now.
Sorry, I just saw this. I slept early last night, I was tired.
Is everything alright?
Yes it is. I wanted to ask about breakfast.
Are you guys coming? When will you guys leave?
Why? Have your in-laws refused to give you breakfast?
Saad, don't make jokes, I'm serious. When will you guys leave?
Auntie came last night and asked about breakfast.
If you guys don't bring breakfast it will be insulting.
I'll find out.
I'll talk to you later, let me know once you find out.
Don't forget, farewell.
I'll find out. Farewell.
Adeel, why did you make tea? You could have asked me.
Why, can't I make tea for my lovely wife?
Did you make this?
Yes I did.
You know what, I make excellent tea.
I've prepared breakfast as well.
Drink your tea, freshen up, then we'll have breakfast outside.
Let's see how good of tea you actually make.
Okay.
This is delicious. I didn't know you could make such a good cup of tea.
You'll have to make tea for me daily.
As you wish.
Did you make breakfast as well?
Yes.
What are you doing here?
I'm making my bed what else?
Go to the kitchen and see your son. He's turned into his wife's servant.
Look at how he's making breakfast for his wife.
Adeel is making breakfast?
Yes, by now he must be done. He must be serving it by now.
I'm telling you to forget your son. It would be better for you if you forget him now.
My Lord... that accursed girl has been here one day and she's made my son her servant.
Why?
Is your son a child who can't speak? 
Why are you blaming Zara? What about your son?
No you don't understand.
That girl and her mother are very cunning. 
Compared to them you aren't even born yet.
My poor Adeel is sweet naive boy. The two of them have entrapped him!
How did he get trapped? 
If he was so sweet and naive, then you should entrapped him
Sure... blame me!
Blame me on everything.
Have you forgotten that you were the one who decided to bring her here.
You were the one who said to get that girl married and into this house.
And now you're telling me that I could not control my son?
I didn't expect that you would say this to me.
I haven't forgotten anything.
All I'm saying is that, after seeing your son being his wife's servant don't forget...
that one has to sweeten the knife before slaughtering the goat.
Praise Adeel and praise Zara in front of him.
You have to bless them with prayers.
You're asking me to pray for Zara?
God forbid, I cannot take such a risk. What if my prayers get accepted?
God forbid! If it were up to me I would grab her hand...
and oust her from the house.
Such pride over your prayers. Do you really think they'll get accepted?
Do you think I'm a nonbeliever?
Mother, I'm only making you understand. You have to do this for show.
You have to show that you're very happy.
Don't say anything ill at the breakfast table.
 You have to show everyone your love.
Do you know what will happen if you get bothered by Zara in front of Adeel?
He'll get even near Zara, do you understand what I'm saying?
Mahi...
It is important. Get comfortable with your compulsion.
You have to stick by this. Please don't say anything ill.
Please, don't do anything. I'm going outside, you should come to.
Mahi, I won't be able to do this.
What is this hell?!
Greetings*
How are you feeling now?
I'm well thank God.
Are you going somewhere?
Yes, Zara invited me to her home.
Zara? For what? To Hyderabad?
I don't know, it's got something to do with a breakfast ceremony.
She asked me to bring breakfast.
What do you mean? 
Did Sarwat not send breakfast to Zara's home?
My dear, this is a ceremony of ours.
I'm surprised that she made a mistake like that.
That's what Zara's worried about.
Brother will you still go there after being humiliated?
My dear it's Zara's in-laws, he'll have to go there.
That's what I'm saying. It's Zara's in-laws and...
auntie insulted you. How can you forget it and go back there.
I haven't forgotten.
I thought we were finished with this last night. What's the point in repeating it?
Saad is right. 
There's no point in repeating what's finished. Forget it.
That's the problem with you two.
You don't say anything, nor do you allow me to say anything.
Stop being angry and bring breakfast for your brother.
No mother I'll have breakfast there. 
Auntie said that I should have it there.
Alright fine. It's already getting late.
When you go there, don't mention the conversations that we had here.
She's a child, she doesn't know much. She just gets emotional.
Sure mother I understand.
Alright son, take care.
Don't be upset, I'm leaving, smile for me.
Be safe on your travel
Stay happy, it suits you more.
I'll get going mother.
Farewell*
Mother, it's Zara's in-laws...
Brother still runs to Zara on her single call.
They can object that, it is your duty to make brother understand.
Yes.
I told your father to made them stay here for a few days. 
We would have send them on their travels after feeding breakfast...
but no... he doesn't listen to anyone. The poor girl had to call us to have breakfast sent over.
What?
I told your father to made them stay here for a few days. 
We would have send them on their travels after feeding breakfast...
but no... he doesn't listen to anyone. The poor girl had to call us to have breakfast sent over.
It's not a big deal mother. 
They've made breakfast all their lives, so what if they made it one more day?
Uncle Ahmed refused that there would be no breakfast ceremony
Men do not know anything about this. 
This ceremony has been going on for decades.
It's obvious that sister Fareeda said something, that's why she called. 
Lord knows what she'll say when we don't send her the breakfast at all.
Mother please, no can stop aunt Fareeda from talking.
Even if you had taken breakfast, she would have found something else to talk about.
She can't even digest her food if she doesn't lay out a few taunts.
She's not wrong. This is an old tradition. 
It's our mistake, we should have been there.
Mother, we didn't do anything wrong.
 Auntie Fareeda doesn't like Zara and she'll make sure of taunting Zara over everything.
Will Zara call us over everything now?
Why are we arguing amongst ourselves?
We have to go there. So let's get ready and get there as soon as possible.
Sister Fareeda starts preparing lunch till ten or half past ten.
She's not like us, where breakfasts are made till twelve in the afternoon.
I told your uncle to take you and leave home by four or five.
It's done now... if we couldn't be there for breakfast...
then we should be there for lunch. Let's take lunch for Zara.
Every generation before you was an idiot, right?
 They had their breakfasts and lunch on time. You guys will do as you want.
After all you are all so educated! Do whatever you want.
The hell with this problem!
Saad, what about you? Can't you say what's wrong, wrong. 
This is not a good habit.
And... besides... we made these rituals and we can end them as well.
These rituals can only end when these issues aren't used as excuses to make the lives of women hell.
You do know there's a difference between the family of the bride and the groom?
I used to, but after yesterday I've started to understand.
What's the matter? Why isn't Mirha at the breakfast table yet?
Maybe you've forgotten,
 Mirha is injured, she hurt her leg and it is bandaged.
She'll have breakfast in her room.
She haves breakfast with us daily, so what's wrong today?
She was forced to come, what could she have done?
You guys couldn't even delay the wedding till she got better.
That is true. Things were unjust with her. 
The entire wedding she was on a wheelchair.
Sister trust their brothers so much.
I think you should still think about it.
I think you should postpone the reception till she gets better.
Listen to me... I just asked why Mirha wasn't at the breakfast table.
I didn't think so far ahead.
That's your problem.
You don't think about the future.
Mahi, check in on the bride. She's late, bring her here.
She should be at the breakfast table on time. 
One shouldn't keep food waiting, it's bad manners.
I'll be back with her.
Greetings*
You're quite late for breakfast. 
Your mother was getting upset, she said that one shouldn't make food wait. It's bad manners.
Sorry uncle, I was helping Mirha.
No need to worry for her. 
Only her foot is injured, she can do things for herself.
Mirha how much will you make you the new bride work?
Learn something from your brother.
He couldn't even get up in the morning, 
but today he's been up since eight to make breakfast.
My dear, come sit.
Have breakfast.
Yes please start, so that we may eat something as well.
Some chickpeas?
I'll help myself.
What about you?
Have some.
Here you are.
What will you eat?
Anything will do.
Pass me a slice please.
Won't you take something?
What need is there for this? 
Mother has spoiled auntie Fareeda and Mahi for no reason.
Mother asked me to do this and I'll have to do this.
Who is it?
It's Usama.
Why aren't you talking to him?
I'll talk to him when I feel like it. I don't want to right now.
Why are you doing this sister?
You ignored him at sister's wedding as well. 
You shouldn't test someone patience that way.
Why are you concerned over nonsense things?
 Get ready, we're already running late.
I'm going.. let me pack this first.
Go, I'll pack this!
Saad hurry up, we're running late, we have to be there with lunch.
Let him drink his tea in peace. Go ahead my dear.
Saad, you've taken good care of mother in my absence.
Mother gives you more importance than me.
Someone has to fill in the space you left behind.
You are right, that means I'll have visit often, otherwise mother will forget me.
Mothers cannot forget their children, even if they live across the seven seas.
But it is true that Saad has stood by me like a son.
For me, the two of you are equal.
Still... thank you so much Saad.
Invite Dolly as well, she should come with us as well. Right Saad?
Whatever you think is right. 
You should go and meet mother, she missed you.
You haven't met her yet?
No mother, I got busy the moment I got here and I couldn't meet her.
I'll meet her right away.
Be sure to come back quickly.
I made mince, store it in a hotpot, I'll go and change.
Alright mother... did you check your Whatsapp, I sent you a list of dishes.
I didn't...
Hurry up then.
I'll pack up.
Let me finish my tea.
Hurry up, I'll be right back.
What's the matter? Are you still upset?
I'm not upset.
This sentence that wives use about them not being upset...
That means that you are very upset.
Leave it be... you shouldn't talk to me.
I will imagine that you're still abroad.
Listen.
If you don't mind telling me, why didn't you talk to me properly last night?
I was tired and I wanted to sleep.
Are you hiding something from me?
What could I possibly hide?
Anyways, brother Saad told me that you guys are leaving for Hyderabad.
Yes, that's what I came. Why don't you come along?
Me going there isn't important.
It isn't important for anyone to go, but they are and you should come.
Someone has to stay with mother and brother Saad is going.
I know everything about her medicine.
That's not a big deal...
Let's take auntie as well.
Mother cannot travel such a long way. What's with you?
Anyways, you guys should get going, you're already late.
Yes... you're right.
I wanted you to come along, but I didn't think about your mother. Sorry.
It's alright. 
Someone with a mother would understand, everyone thinks that exaggerate things.
Exaggerate? Do you think I feel that?
Do you think that I was saying that to you?
Dolly it's getting a little confusing. Be straight with me.
We'll talk after you return from Zara's in-laws.
Alright. As you wish.
Alright then.
Zara.
You seem upset.
I'm not upset.
Then what's the matter?
Why are you worried? 
Do you miss your family?
I've never stayed outside my home.
Zara.
You're not a strange place, you're at your own home.
This is your home now as well.
I understand that, but I was talking about my father's home.
Yes... that's true.
If you want I can video call him for you.
I called no one picked up.
They must be busy.
So busy that they can't talk to me?
Why? Can't they be?
No... call father, I want to talk to him.
I called him, his number wasn't dialing.
Wasn't dialing, but why? Is everything alright there?
Please call them and find out if there is a problem.
There is nothing to worry about.
He must be on his way...
Are they coming?
Yes.
Who's coming? Is everyone coming? What about Saad? Did you talk to them?
Yes I did.
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
I wanted to surprise you.
When will they be here?
In a while.
Alright.
Are you happy now?
Keep it that way.