What happened between you two? Both of you are worried.
No mother, it's nothing like that. Don't know why you feel this way
Everything is normal between us.
It's not just me, Dolly thinks the same.
Whose message is it?
Why are you asking?
Stay here.
Why don't you tell me what Zara said?
She said that she thought that were were honorable people.
And that whatever that her mother and Maheen said was correct. That was the reason for your divorce.
Stop this nonsense. Zara cannot say this.
She didn't say this, I'm sure you're making it up.
Don't believe me if you don't want to.
Why were you asking me when you didn't want to believe me?
Saad, why are we here?
To buy something for my fiance. Can you help me?
We're already late, let's go home.
The thing is, she's upset with me. I forgot to wish her.
I want to buy her a gift to cheer her up. I have no idea how to shop for girls.
I had a friend who used to help me in stuff like this before, but could you help me now?
Will you help me?
No.
Zaini... Zaini.
Here are your clothes.
Mother....
When will these people leave?
Why?
What problem do you have with them?
I do have a problem. Tell them that the worst is over and they should return home.
Why should I tell them that? Why shouldn't I say this to you?
Tell me my dear, when are you returning to your in-laws?
Mother, tell me one thing honestly...
You are my mother, right?
And I'm your daughter, right?
To tell you the truth, that is the question that arises in my heart about you
You will regret it when she runs away with Ali from beneath your nose.
You and your suspicions! For God's sake...
enough of this. Do you know what your problem is?
You always think negatively about everything.
Mother, I heard everything. She's manipulating Ali.
And Ali agreed to her.
Yes.
Everyone uses their ears to listen. So what if Ali agreed?
That's what I'm saying, we've been asking him to do the same.
He didn't listen to you, me or father.
But he listened to Dolly, do you understand what that means.
That means that husband and wife should listen to each other.
Every husband and wife should listen to each other, you should agree to it as well.
Usama called your father, they will be here to take you away.
Alright!
My God... who is she like? Even my mother-in-law didn't bother me as much as she does.
It's been two days since they returned to Karachi. You didn't even call them.
Why don't you come with me to their home? I won't like nice going to their home.
Tell me one thing. I don't know what's in your mind.
But on your say so we went to your in-laws wedding. What happened to us there?
Your wife didn't even come to us. She greeted us and then disappeared.
That is the least they could have done for us.
But what did your in-laws do... they disrespected us.
She was angry mother, she was upset, as were you guys.
Really? She was upset and that's why she didn't come to us.
We are upset as well and will not go to their home to offer our condolences.
If you want to go then go, I will not stop you. But I won't go to a place where I'm not respected.
I called uncle and told them that we will be visiting them in the evening.
Who did you ask before making this promise. Who agreed to go with you?
Look son... we gave up in front of you and made a mistake.
We married you to Maheen.
We will regret this mistake for as long as we have to.
We can't do anything more than that.
But we won't visit your in-laws, because we have no respect there.
But mother...
No buts..
Look, I have much to do. I have to cook lunch.
You'll only eat if I cook it. Your wife isn't here to cook it for you.
Don't anger me... if you want to go then go... but I won't.
Sister, did you talk again?
With whom?
Mahi.
Will you tell me something if I ask you something?
What do I seem to you? What do you think of me?
You're my sister-in-law, cousin and friend.
And who are friends?
People who know everything about you.
People who keep your secrets.
If I ask you something will you tell me the truth?
What do you mean? What do you want to ask me?
Who came to meet you?
Who are you speaking of? Who came to meet me?
When Mahi asked you... when the gate was open and he ran away.
Sister... promise me that you won't tell anyone.
I won't tell anyone anything.
First promise.
Mirha, I won't say anything to anyone.
It was a guy names Aqib, he came to meet me.
I like him.
Zaini... Zaini.
What was it that I said now?
You miss Zara very much, right?
No.
Lies!
I'm answering you. I should know if it's the truth or a lie.
How can you decide that?
Really?
Can't I really feel it?
Feel what?
Saad do you love me, or did you engage me because of Zara.
Why is Zara coming between us so much lately.
She's always been!
Saad, has been between us for as long as I remember.
She wanted us to get engaged, that's why you said yes.
Zara was the one who held us together, now that she's gone...
we are drawing apart.
What nonsense are you saying?
I wanted to ask this of you...
what are you doing Saad? What do you want?
Brother Ahmed, I apologize.
I couldn't make it on time. Actually we weren't here.
Brother, things carry on.
You don't need to apologize.
We didn't even think that our only son would leave us like this.
Have hope sister, this is what God wanted.
All of us have to go.
This is God's life and we have to return it to Him one day.
Have patience. God loves those are patient.
Fareeda... call Mahi.
You know how Mahi is...
She doesn't leave her room all day.
She cries and misses her brother all day.
She loved Adeel very much. Anyways I'll call her.
Son, how goes your work?
Thank God uncle, everything is fine.
Mahi... Mahi... what are you doing here?
Change and come downstairs. You know that brother Noor Alam is downstairs.
They're here, when did they arrive?
It's been a while since they arrived. Get ready and come downstairs.
And where is Mirha? Ask her to make tea.
You'll ask Mirha to make tea?
She'll make it for the guests? She makes such tasteless tea.
Who else will make it? Should I ask Zara?
So?
Who else than her? Ask her to make it and I'll serve it to them.
Alright... just get ready, and I'll ask Zara.
And listen...
the guy is here as well. If you get the chance to talk to him...
be mindful of what you speak.
For now let them do what they came here to do, these are things for later.
What did I say? I said that if you get the chance to talk to him. You don't listen to me.
Hurry up and get ready.
Do you see that Mahi couldn't make tea for just two people.
It's just tea... don't think so much about such little things.
I'll help you out. Add everything, I'll take care of the rest.
Alright, Mirha...
Serve this as well.
Shall I ask you something?
Sure.
Does everyone know about this?
Are you asking about Aqib?
Mahi... uncle...
or auntie, do they know about this?
No one knows... and nor do I want to tell anyone.
I don't want to be scolded.
It's nothing to be scolded about. I think you should tell them.
If not today, then one day you'll have to tell them.
This is not your home, they will no accept love marriage.
Brother Saad and Zaini are getting married as well.
Sister Mahi will go mad if she learns that I like someone.
She got her way when she got married.
It's not good to talk about your elder sister in that tone.
Why are you bothering her? Let her work.
How much more longer?
Five minutes.
I'm sending Mahi to take the tea away
Don't be the one to bring it.
I'm helping her as well.
No you're not. You're just talking to her. Go to your room and rest.
Do you see... I told you... all that everyone cares about here is to have their work done.
When Mahi was suppose to take the tea, then she should have made it.
Again with the same thing.
We were having such a good conversation.
Pass me the cups.
Sure.
Why has Zaini become so insecure of Zara, who's her sister.
Ever since we've returned from Zara's home she's been acting like this.
How can my friendship with Zara affecting my relationship with Zaini?
She has switched off her phone...
how should I make her understand that it isn't like that?
Saad, what did you decide?
What do you mean? I should marry your sister?
Do you want me to make me your brother-in-law?
yes
are you mad?
What's so wrong with that?
What's so wrong with my sister?
The thing is that she's your sister and she's jealous of our friendship.
Are you insane? Why would she be jealous of our friendship?
She's the one who acts like it.
Did you not see how she intrudes whenever we make a plan.
And... she used to instigate fights between us ever since we were kids.
And have you thought why she did that?
Have you ever thought why she tried including herself into our plans?
Maybe she feels that I should have been friends with her not you.
Maheen is always alone. We two are together and she's alone.
Maybe that's why.
It could also be that she doesn't think about me and Maheen.
She thinks about you.
About me?
I'm talking about you three sister, where did I come from?
Saad, I think she likes you
She does, I'm telling you.
I want to buy something for my fiance.
She's upset with me, I forgot to wish her.
I want to cheer her up and buy her a gift. I don't know how to shop for girls.
I had a friend who I used to come with, but why don't you help me out today.
Auntie told me that you stay upset nowadays.
I can understand your pain, but try to keep yourself busy.
I do try.
You make good tea.
Thank you.
You don't say much.
Actually I don't like much talking.
Ask something about me.
What should I ask? Your family has told me everything about you.
Still... if you want to know something about me.
I believe that we should know each other well.
In my family this happens between elders.
My father will decide whatever he thinks is best.
And you?
What do you mean? Do you object something?
We should go inside. It's been a while, and it doesn't seem nice.
Come on...
After you.
Zaini... we are in the same boat.
If one of us drowns, then both of us will drown.
I mean...
if there is a problem between you and my brother relationship...
then it will affect my relationship with Ali.
So whatever you do think long and hard before you do so.
What are you doing?
Making tea uncle Adnan. Would you like some?
Sure, make one cup for me too.
Did you note something? Is there something going on between Saad and Zaini?
No... it's nothing like that.
Yes, how would you know? You take care of the entire house.
You don't have much time to note anything.
How do you know if there's something like that?
I can tell by looking at someones face about what's going on their head and heart.
Even if it is like that, they are adults... and they will fix it themselves.
Thank you.
I'm worried about you?
Why is that?
I speak the truth, whether someone likes it or not.
What do you mean?
If Saad and Zaini's life is affected...
then your life will be affected to.
Why is that?
You and Ali and connected to them. This is what happens in such arranged marriages.
Let me explain. If Saad says something to Zaini and she complains it to her brother Ali..
then whose life will be affected? It will be you Dolly.
Do you understand it or no?
Alright then... shall I take a biscuit? Which one is the best?
this one..
Thank you.
When he asked you if you had any objections, that means that he doesn't have any objections, right?
Your living in a dream world again mother. Don't say such things.
Only he knows what is in his heart.
We can only know when he says what's in his heart.
It's nothing like that. One can make an educated guess and mine is right...
I think you'll get married to him... that's what brother Noor Alma implied as well.
Did he say something else?
He said nothing.
He wanted to hear something from me. He was constantly prying at me.
He kept asking me if I wanted to ask something of him.
I wanted to ask him how come he was so stupid.
Do you think I'll start telling him everything if he just asks me? Is it that easy?
I'm your mother and even I couldn't understand you, then how could that poor guy?
You should have answered this question then. Forget it then.
My slipper got stuck.
She will always stay stupid. She will never answer a question in a straight manner.
Hello.
Hello, is this Saad speaking?
Yes what is it?
I'm Junaid speaking from Zaviar private limited. 
Did you drop your CV at our company?
Yes I did.
You have an interview at eleven in the morning.
Sure I'll be there.
Farewell.
I'll tell Zaini.
I'll call Zara.
Zara doesn't pick up, we can at least talk on the phone
Saad...
Why don't you pick up? I called you earlier as well.
You could at least talk to me.
Is everything alright at home. Are mother and father okay?
Everyone is fine, but Zaini has lost her mind.
Do you know what she said to me?
What happened now?
She said what she normally says. That I don't love her the way I used to
I admit that I made a mistake, but this punishment doesn't justify it.
I'll talk to her.
How much more will I try to cheer her up?
Who are you talking to Zara?
It's Saad. Do you have something for me?
No, talk to him. I'll talk to you later.
I'll come to you when I'm finished talking to him.
Yes Saad?
Who was that?
It was Mahi.
What were you saying?
I wanted to give you some good news.
Really?
I believe that we should get to know each other first.
These things are settled by our elder. Father will do what he thinks is right
Zaini...
What are you thinking about?
Nothing, I was just studying.
You were so focused that you didn't even see me enter.
What's the matter?
I was just studying.
Zaini I know you well. What are you worried about?
It's nothing, my exams are about to start and I was worried about that.
Do you remember how worried we used to get for our exams at school?
Yes... still you used to get better marks than me.
That is because Zara used to help me and brother used to help you.
Yes.
Why did you get so quiet?
It's nothing... I remembered by childhood.
Shall I say something to you?
Sure what is it?
I'm your friend and your sister-in-law, but I'm your friend first.
Zaini, we two are on the same boat.
If one of us drowns the other one will also drown with them.
I mean...
If there is a problem between you and my brother, then it will affect my relationship with Ali.
Whatever you do think long and hard before doing it.
Continue studying, I'll leave.
Mirha is such a fool.
I mean what is there to mind if your family gets to know
 Families nowadays are relieved that girls are able to find suitors for themselves.
To save themselves from the hassle. What did you say to convince your family?
Where did I come from? 
What's so bad if I can learn something from it?
When one hears an example...
one is to able to understand things better. So what did you say?
Do one thing, don't talk about yourself. I'll tell you what I said. 
Tell her that my family said nothing to me, neither was I scared.
Mahi you asked me find out and let you know about Mirha. That's why I told you.
It would be better if you talk to her yourself now.
You really are upset.
If I talked about you, I talked about myself as well. I didn't taunt you.
Think about it yourself... what would happen if Mirha happens the wrong person. 
Who will be responsible if she sets on the wrong path?
You will, right?
Why would it be my responsibility?
Zara you are so naive. You know how close Mirha is to you.
She shares everything with you, so tell me whose responsibility is she?
What I can ask Mirha to do is introduce that man to you?
Why can't you understand one simple thing.
Mirha is close to you, she doesn't even talk to me.
If you ask her, maybe she'll introduce you to him. She won't introduce him to me.
I was thinking, why don't you meet that guy?
Will you?
Me?
You.
You're here alone.
Yes.
After what you did to mother at Zara's wedding...
What did I do? Are you here to avenge your mother?
Mahi, I didn't come here to avenge anyone. I came to take you back.
Alone?
Yes.... alone.
Do you think I should go to a home where people don't respect me?
My brother-in-law died and no one came here to offer my condolences 
and you want me to return to that house?
The man you are talking about, I came to that man's wedding. Maybe you are forgetting that I was the one who convinced everyone to come.
What did you do? You disrespected them.
What can I do if they do not want to come now?
What is my fault in this? 
Neither you or they are understanding my situation.
I am trapped. 
Do you know why I was unable to come here for so many days?
Because I was trying to convince mother to come with me, but she didn't!
Is she that hardhearted?
Enough Maheen
I'm tried of all this... tell me what you want. 
Are you coming with me, or should I return?
Brother why would you go? Please sit down, I'll bring you some tea.
Can't you see we are talking? Go away.
I'll tell uncle and auntie that you're here. Don't go anywhere.
Dolly, who are you to talk between me and my husband. 
Why don't you mind your business?
Sister, this is not just between you and your husband.
This is a matter that concerns the entire house. He was about to leave.
Why do you care? Stay within your limits.
Sister I've seen uncle and auntie worried about this home and you.
What was so bad in what I said? This is my home as well.
Your home?
Is this your home? I'm giving you two minutes. Take your mother away from here.
And... your dreams of ruling over this house...
They will never come true.
What kind of tone are you talking with me?
If it's like that, then this is not your home and you should leave.
What tone are you talking with me?
Take your mother and leave!
Before speaking think about your worth.
What is your problem with me?
Why do you hate me so much? You're always against me.
If that's the case, then go ahead and tell your mother.
I can see right through...
your innocent act. I know why you're staying here.
I don't care, think whatever you want. 
The only reason I want to stay here is to take care of auntie and uncle.
Auntie asked me to stay here and take care of her.
Are my parents now your parents?
With what right are you saying all this?
Huh?
They are my in-laws.
They are not your in-laws yet.
Not will it whilst I'm alive.
What?
What do you mean by that? Why do you hate me so much?
No need to talk back!
Why? I will speak!
I think the reason you're like this is because no one said anything to you.
 If they had then we wouldn't have to such days.
I'll go and tell your parents about what you said. We'll have a decision today.
How dare you!
You shouldn't have done that.
Ali... Ali...
What is it?
What is it? Why are you crying?
Take me home, I can't stay here.
Tell me what happened.
Sister Maheen tried to slap me.
Why did she do that?
Ask her.
I was giving her husband respect,
 I was trying to make him stay and this is how she treated me.
She was insulting brother Usama. I was just trying to stop him.
What is my fault in this?
Brother Usama is here as well?
I just asked her to go with him, since he was here for her.
I said it because of this family.
Tell me... did I say something wrong? Did I make a mistake.
Everyone knows that sister Maheen did all this.
It's all her fault.
I have always given you all love and respect.
She tried to raise her hands on me.
It's a big thing to raise your hand on someone.
I'm only silent because of your honor. I didn't tell anyone about this.
Only for you.
If I wanted to I could have created a scene.
I don't want to stay here. Take me back home, I can't stay here.
I'll tell mother. Take me home. After I leave...
if you want to, ask sister Maheen why she did this to me.
And if you don't want to, then don't ask because it doesn't make a difference to me.
Sit down here... please...
Dolly, drink this water.
Dolly please... drink water... just one sip.
Please stop crying.
Dolly.
Stop crying.
Look here.
Look... I know you didn't tell anyone at home and came straight to me.
Believe me that I'm lucky to have you in my life.
I will never leave your side.
I will stand by you every step of the way.
I promise.
Please... keep this to yourself. I promise that I will handle all of this.
Alright.
Dolly
Drink water and relax.