She is not your daughter, Mahi is your daughter.
Who is being taunted in that house because of her divorce.
And they are considering her as a witch who is creating fuss in their house.
Impossible!
Those girls can never use such words.
You are creating these fake stories.
Say sorry to Mahi and end this matter.
Dad, how can you force me to apologize without even listening to me. 
That was not my fault.
I won't apologize.
I came here to meet you Zara.
I am busy right now. We will talk later.
And if uncle Adnan saw and if he will say anything then you will mind.
Why do we give others a chance to say nonsense about us.
Give me.
Zenny, press this dress.
Who will wear this?
I will wear this.
Do it quickly, I am already late and I don't want to get more late.
But why are you wearing this one? 
Why aren't you wearing that one which brother Adeel has brought for you?
Mahi will wear that dress.
What?
Why is Mahi wearing your dress?
It's not the right time to discuss this matter. Press my dress quickly.
I am going to get ready. We will talk when I come back.
This is not fair.
Mom, mark my words.
Mahi can't come here without any reason. 
She has come here because she wants Adeel and Zara to be separated.
God forbid.
You just say without thinking.
Mom, I am saying it but you were also thinking in the same way.
Otherwise you wouldn't ask me to come to you after uncle wanted to fix marriage date.
Your dad has clearly said that we can't do anything.
When everything is finalized then they can fix the date whenever they want.
Hmm.
We had no other option other than that.
And by the way, Zara has chosen Adeel herself.
But if you had asked me then I would have forbidden you.
I forbid you but did any one listen to me? No.
Mom how can you forget aunt's misbehavior with you? 
How rudely she behaved with you.
But despite that you accepted their son's proposal for your daughter.
I never told anyone about sister-in-law's misbehavior with me
 but I forbade Zara and advised her.
What would I do, on one hand there was my daughter's happiness
 and on the other hand my brother brought that proposal with so much hope.
You are right mom but now you will have to find a solution.
Why don't you ask Adeel to shift here with us.
Not in our house, he can live in separate house.
They won't accept this. How can they accept because he is their only son.
They wouldn't accept even if he wasn't their only son. 
We have to force them to accept such things.
Why don't you tell them clearly that we won't arrange Zara's marriage until Adeel doesn't shift to Karachi.
And how will we respond that why are we demanding this? Tell me.
We will have to do something.
We will have to find some solution and by the way we can make any excuse.
This is not right thing to do.
OK, tell me one thing. What if Zara says all of this to Adeel then?
By the way, Adeel doesn't refuse Zara's request.
But what if they became angry with each other then?
So what.
Every wife demands a separate house from her husband after marriage.
It's not an unusual thing.
I don't know.
I don't understand anything.
I am leaving in five minutes.
I am standing near car and waiting for Zara.
OK, I will inform you.
OK.
Shall we go?
What is this?
Why did you wear this dress?
Actually Maham.
What Maham?
Did she forbid you to wear that dress?
Why would she forbid me Adeel?
then?
Wow Zara, you are looking so beautiful.
By the grace of God.
You are a beautiful couple.
We are getting late. Let's go.
Let's go brother. We are getting late.
What's wrong with both of you? Why are you so quiet? 
Are you angry with each other?
No, there is no such thing.
OK
Zara do one thing, maybe by doing this your mood gets fix. Come to front seat. I will go back.
No, I am fine here. Thank you.
What's the matter?
Isn't this because of my arrival?
By the way, I am feeling as if I am misfit between both of you.
Adeel, at least you tell me that what has happened to her?
She doesn't say anything because she wants to become a nice sister-in-law.
What do you want to listen?
Tell me what do you want to listen, I will say that.
And I am unable to understand that what are you talking about?
And I am sure that Zara mustn't have known about that as well
So I was right.
Both of you are quiet because of my presence. Right?
Sorry brother.
I am really sorry. If I had known then I wouldn't come.
Mr. Ahmed.
Hmm.
Mr. Ahmed, are you aware of anything?
Mirha hasn't come back yet from academy.
She has been two hours late.
Don't worry, she will come back.
Maybe she is with her friend.
Have you called her?
I am calling her continuously but she isn't receiving my call.
Please check, where is she. My heart is pounding. May God keep her safe.
God forbid.
Think before talking Farida.
Let me call her.
Oh God, keep her safe.
Did she receive your call?
She is so irresponsible. She isn't receiving my call.
I was telling you the same thing that I am calling her continuously but she isn't receiving my call.
Go and check in her academy.
I will keep calling her and if she will receive my call then I will inform you.
Yes, keep calling her and
Also call her friends, maybe they know anything about her.
I am going there.
Don't worry.
Everything will be alright. I am going there.
OK, go there.
OK.
Oh God, have mercy on my daughter.
This pair costs hundred rupees.
OK give me.
Take it.
Thank you sir.
Wear it both of you.
Why have you bought these for Zara? Are you mad?
Unmarried girls don't wear it.
Mom strictly forbids it.
She neither let unmarried girls use perfume nor let them wear it.
The unseen things effect them. We can't do that.
I don't believe on such myths.
Your opinion doesn't matter.
Elders' sayings are right. Zara can't wear it.
What's wrong with you? What are you talking about?
No problem Adeel, I don't like it anyway. It's Ok.
You argue with me for no reason.
Do you know that mom didn't allow me to use perfume and wear it before marriage.
If she wears it then mom will definitely scold you. Do you understand?
Anyway, as you wish.
It's not necessary Adeel. Let's go in.
Do one thing Zara, help me wearing it.
I have no issues in doing that.
But the unseen creatures don't know that whether I hold it because I want to help you wearing it? 
What if they attack me then?
Mahi, I am very scared. Please do it yourself. Hmm.
Yes, she is absolutely right.
Let me help you.
I will do it myself.
Uncle, have you lost your mind? 
What's this nonsense uncle?
What happened? I was just joking. I thought that you will think that it's Saad.
Stop.
I don't like such cheap jokes at all.
And as far as Saad is concerned.
He can't dare to come this much close to me.
I was just.
Stop.
Don't do this again.
Otherwise I will complain aunt Shaista about it. Just leave it.
What happened to you?
Crazy girl.
What the hell? Why have they bought such expensive phones?
Adeel is not receiving my call.
Mahi isn't receiving my call as well. 
I don't know, in which condition my daughter is in. She never got that much late.
Mr. Ahmed.
Is she alright? Where is she? Why hasn't she come
She has got an accident. I just got a call from hospital.
We will have to reach there immediately.
Oh my God.
Did you see?
That's why I was afraid, I told you that I dreamed.
Despite that you sent Adeel to Karachi.
Now my daughter has got an accident.
That was a dream and this is reality.
My dreams come true Mr. Ahmed.
Don't you know about that.
If anything happened to my daughter Mr. Ahmed then I will not spare that Zara.
What's nonsense? Such accident can happen to anyone. It's not Zara's fault.
It's Zara's fault.
It's her fault. That girl is not suitable for my house.
You just discussed about her wedding.
My daughter got such a big accident. If she came to this house then God knows what will happen.
You are just saying nonsense.
It's just illiteracy.
It's not illiteracy, it's reality but I don't know why you can't see this.
Your niece has bad omen for us. That's why I am calling her that.
Tell me that will you keep saying this or will go with me?
Yes. My daughter.
My daughter... Mirha
Please go from here.
What do you mean, do I leave you in this condition?
If my family members saw you then they will ask me about you. What will I tell them?
Tell them that we are class fellows.
And what was I doing with you on your bike?
You told me that your family is very broad minded.
Not that much that they don't ask me this question.
Please go to your bed. Doctor is coming on round.
Aqib please go from here now.
OK, let the x-ray report come.
Then I will leave.
I will inform you about report on phone.
So please go now.
OK, at least let your family come. I am waiting outside.
I will stay here until your family doesn't come.
Aqib.
Keep quiet. OK. You get worried for no reason.
Please take rest. Relax.
Greetings.
Greetings.
My daughter has got an accident and she is admitted in this hospital.
 Her name is Mirha.
Let me check.
She is in room 111, it's right there.
Thank you.
I told mom that Zara should impose a condition on Adeel to shift to Karachi.
By the way, what do you think? Will Zara do that?
She will say that such relations can't be maintained based on such conditions.
And what do you think.
There is nothing wrong with it.
If she will live with her in-laws then she won't live happily.
You are also trying to do the same thing for a long time. Right?
But what did you get? Nothing.
Rather the matter has become more worse.
You again taunted me Zenny.
I am not taunting you.
I am telling you the truth. 
This is the centuries old tradition.
Girls go to their in-laws' house after getting married.
And in our culture, son-in-law who lives in her wife's house considered as a cursed man.
What do you want to say?
I want to tell you that don't give such advises to Zara.
She will never agree with you.
Adeel
Why have you asked me to come here?
As you know that Mahi is with me and she can mind.
You didn't answer my question.
Mahi forbade you to wear that dress. Right?
Tell me the truth.
But why is that dress that much important to you?
That your mood is off because I didn't wear that dress.
Zara, we can't respond everything out of emotions.
Even you didn't respond my question. 
Ain't I looking good to you in this dress?
This is not the case Zara.
I like you in any dress and outfit and you know it very well.
And I also know that you can't be angry with me for a long time.
Please end this anger and fix your mood.
Please
You know what
I wanted to come here alone with you.
And I know that you must be feeling uncomfortable because of her presence.
There is nothing like that Adeel.
She is your sister. Why would I feel uncomfortable because of her? I am fine.
Adeel.
You are standing here. I am searching you for a long time.
Why? What happened?
I want to go home.
I want to go home, right now right away.
Why so suddenly like this? Is everything alright?
Mirha has got an accident
Let's go.
Oh my God. What happened to my daughter? How are you?
Stop crying, we are here. God will do things better.
I was calling you continuously. Why was your phone switched off
You should have informed us by calling us.
Mom my phone was dropped down during accident and I don't know where is that.
Oh God.
Tell me the truth, did mobile snatchers beat you and fell you down.
No mom, I got an accident.
Listen to me.
Do this investigation later. Be thankful that she is safe. Be thankful to God.
What are you talking about Mr. Ahmed.
My daughter has got an accident and she is injured 
but you are saying that no problem and I should be thankful.
I have talked to doctor, he told me that she will be fully recovered within a few days.
Why are you bothering her for no reason.
Whatever
I am a mother and I can't see her in this condition, 
I can't see any of my child in this condition
OK OK. Let me talk to doctor. You stay here.
Tell me the truth, what happened?
 You have fallen down from motorcycle. Right?
Who was with you on motorcycle?
Mom, no one was with me. I was alone.
Really?
Yes. And who told you that I was with someone.
It's obvious that you have fallen down from motorcycle and got injured. 
Someone was riding that motorcycle.
Mom I was standing alone and waiting for bus then a biker hit me.
Are you telling me the truth?
Yes mom.
The medical staff of hospital told me that there was also a boy with Mirha.
Yes, Mirha told me about it earlier.
That boy hit our Mirha.
He fell down himself and also injured our daughter.
Drive fast Adeel. What are you doing? 
I don't know, in which condition Mirha must be in.
I have talked to dad and they have also sent me reports. There is nothing to worry.
Everything will be alright. Don't worry.
Why don't I get worried?
You mustn't got worried but I am worried.
She is my younger sister. I don't know, what is her condition?
She has got an accident. It's not a joke.
Did you see Zara.
He doesn't care for his sisters at all. 
Does he do the same thing with you?
Why would you say anything because Adeel is very nice in front of you.
Adeel please drive carefully and sister please take care, Adeel is driving.
I haven't held his hands. I am just asking him to drive fast.
Mom is crying continuously. Mirha is admitted in hospital.
But you are worried about Adeel only.
I couldn't even think that you turned out to be like this.
You are only connected to Adeel, you have no relation with us.
I didn't consider you like this Zara.
I didn't say any such thing. I just want to say that you can discuss this matter when we will reach home.
 Don't discuss this matter in car.
Don't make any fuss in car.
Do you want to say this?
I didn't say any such thing.
Complete your sentence. You wanted to say that I should make any fuss.
And you, focus on your driving.
She seems same in mirror as she is in reality.
God forbid if we got an accident then you will blame me.
She has already said that I am bothering driver so much.
But no one knows
That driver was not focusing on traffic, he was focusing on someone's eyes.
OK, OK, sorry, sorry, sorry.
I won't spare you.
Uncle, have you lost your mind? What's this nonsense, uncle?
Did you see Mr. Ahmed.
My daughter got such a big accident but we didn't receive a single call from Karachi.
Neither your sister called us nor your brother-in-law.
They don't know anything.
Mahi only informed Adeel.
Really?
And don't you know that your son tells everything to Zara.
He didn't call us as well.
I have forbidden Adeel that don't tell anyone about it.
And by the way, Zara, Adeel and Mahi are attending wedding function.
They are enjoying so let them enjoy. Why do we bother them for no reason.
Thank God that accident was not severe and she will discharged very shortly.
Let me tell you one thing Mr. Ahmed.
If anyone calls from Karachi Mirha will reach home
 then I won't talk to anyone.
OK, don't talk to anyone.
Oh God, my daughter's foot is fractured.
And no one bothers about her.
Sir you can take her home by paying bill at reception.
OK my child. Thank you.
Stay here, let me pay the bill.
Oh God, aren't you feeling pain.
What's the matter? Why is your mood off? Is everything alright?
As if you don't know anything.
I will know if you will tell me. What's the matter, tell me.
Why don't you understand?
Mahi and Adeel will go back after few days.
How much their dinner will cost?
And I know that you can afford the cost of dinner for four people, you have spent a long time abroad.
You take minor things seriously.
I was just joking. What's wrong with you.
Do one thing, go there in the morning and invite all children for dinner tomorrow.
Are you serious?
Yes.
This is the problem with you that you treat my lie as truth and my truth as lie.
OK, listen
I was thinking about one more thing. 
Just like Adeel is son-in-law of that family, Saad is also son-in-law of that house.
So, what about inviting Saad's family? What do you say?
Invite them, why are you asking me?
You are asking minor things from me. 
Your husband is not that much bad as you think about him.
There is no such thing.
I didn't say that.
Yes you didn't say that but I can feel this from your face.
It's my habit to be jolly with people but
But how would you know because I have spent so much time abroad.
I do joke with people but now I have decided that I will change my habit.
And I will keep myself quiet.
Why will you keep quiet? I didn't say that.
You didn't say anything but I can assume from your face expression.
I want you to be happy and smiling but...
But what?
But the environment of your brother's house is very awkward.
If I talk in a jolly mood with anyone then I feel as if they mind that
 because they are not habitual of such behavior so
I have decided that from now on I won't do that with them and I will change my habit.
Has anyone said something to you?
No, no one has said anything, I am just thinking.
That if I say anything to anyone then he can extract some other meanings from that and tell you something else to you.
Then the situation becomes awkward so that's why...
Adnan, there is no such thing.
You are my husband.
Will I blindly trust anyone if he says that your husband has done this and that?
Not at all. There is a trust bond between husband and wife.
I expected this from you.
You trust me that much. Right?
You will know everything on right time. Eat meal.
Take this salad.
Eat. Take hot bread.
No, you eat.
Take hot food.
You aren't eating. Take it.
I don't know anything.
I want to go to Hyderabad right now right away.
What happened my child, wait till morning.
How will I able to pass this night?
Have you thought about mom, uncle?
How will she take care of Mirha alone?
Adeel do something, book tickets, we have to go back right now.
Uncle is absolutely right. We will leave early morning.
I don't think that you will be able to get any ticket at this time.
We won't allow you to go right now, there are so many mishaps in the city.
If God forbid.
God forbid, if Zara would have married to Adeel
And she would be in Hyderabad in same situation, would you say the same thing even then aunt.
That how will you book ticket, city situation is not good. I don't know, what happened to you.
If you want to go then just go Maham but don't say such useless things about Zara.
I am just giving an example.
Why don't everyone understand my point?
We shouldn't give such examples. Some time it happens.
Aunt, please forgive me.
I made mistake by giving wrong example. Please forgive me.
Adeel, I am going to pack up my things. Please make all arrangements, 
we will go to Hyderabad right now. I have to go to my sister right now.
Maham, listen to me.
Oho.
I apologize to all of you on behalf of sister Maham.
She is so sensitive and she behaves like this on minor things that's why.
Not sensitive, she is so lowly.
It would be better for you to take her back.
Maheen, keep quiet.
Where is my phone?
It's in the room. Bring that.
No, I will take it myself.
How did it happen so suddenly?
Bring tea for brother.
Let me check whether he has called them or not.
I don't know why Mahi hasn't reached yet.
Adeel needs any excuse to stay there.
They know that their sister has got an accident but they haven't reached yet.
The medical staff of hospital told me that
There was also a boy with Mirha.
Yes, Mirha told me about him.
That boy hit our Mirha.
He fell down himself and injured our daughter as well.
Mirha was waiting for her bus there.
What are you thinking?
Nothing.
Nothing
Do you think that Mirha is lying?
Are you suspicious about her?
Well, I have just asked you whether you know about it or not.
There is no point of doubting her.
Your words doesn't suggest that but your tone does.
The way you have asked me about it
I didn't like your tone.
My daughter got a big accident and you are doubting her. That's wrong.
Look
I am responsible for what I have said not for what you have understood.
Why would I doubt her?
If there will be any such thing then I will ask her one on one.
And I have complete right to do that.
So you should have asked her, why are you investigating me?
This is not fair. No matter who makes mistakes, you blame me for that.
She is crazy.
Our children have grown up but she hasn't become wise enough.
Dad, your phone.
To whom are you calling?
What's up uncle?
How are you Saad?
Is everything alright uncle?
I need your help my son.
Maham and Adeel have to go back immediately.
Can you arrange a car?
At this time? Is everything alright?
Yes, everything is alright. Nothing to worry about.
It's required immediately. Will you be able to arrange that
Uncle, it's difficult to arrange right now, what if I arrange in the morning?
No my son, we can't wait till morning in that case I would have called you in the morning.
It's required immediately.
OK, let me try then I will call you back.
OK, I am waiting for your call.
OK good bye.
Car will be arranged. Go and pack your things.
Right dad.
Bring tea for him before he leaves.
OK, let me get it