Zara might have a hand in making you a part of my life..
but you're the one who made her place in my heart, Zaini
dad, you don't know what's going on in this house
What do you mean? I don't understand.
dad, Maheen raised her hand on Dolly
Without any reason
If anyone from our extended family tells them that you are divorced, then?
No one is that bold.
Just ask Zara to keep her mouth shut.
hey, what are you doing here all alone?
dad, you are here! Do you want something?
I came to talk to you
so, you could have called me
can't I come to meet my daughter?
No, its not like that
I know, you are worried
but why are you upset with food? Why you didn't had your food?
I wasn't hungry
nobody is hungry though
neither your mom ate, nor I. We couldn't swallow anything
dad... don't you worry. If God wills, everything will be fine
you are worried, yet you are consoling me
these are the qualities of daughters
they can't see their parents in pain
but dear, some children are parents trial
dad...
I've decided something, that's why I am here to discuss it with you
yes
but before making any decision, I want to know your point of view
you heard Ali, that what does he want
but I want to fulfill your responsibility along with it
today, sister had expressed her desire that whenever Ali gets married. Dolly shall also get married
so that someone shall be present in her house to take care of her
if you think that all of this is right, then I will fulfill my duty for you as well
yes..
I know you haven't completed your studies as of yet
but dear, that house is also like our house
I don't think so that there would be any problem over there with your studies
what do you say?
dad, whatever you & mom decides
your consent...
I have always made my daughters life's decisions with their consent
you also have the complete right to make your life's decision
dad, I don't have any objection
sure?
always stay blessed
it feels so good that you guys have visited us
if I would have known prior then I would have asked Saad to stay over
sister, the motive behind coming here is that we need to discuss an important matter
yes brother, go ahead
sister, I have come up with a request
I've come to request you to do the marriage of Ali with Dolly and Saad with Zaini
brother, what are you saying?
its been only a few days of Adeel's demise
I mean...
you are absolutely correct, sister
I've thought quite a lot about it & I've come to a conclusion that every work is destined on its time
and I think now its the right time for these weddings
but brother, it doesn't feel appropriate to take this step all of a sudden
what's the matter, have we made any mistake?
hey! no no, you haven't made any mistake Asfa
actually, our daughter made a mistake
what do you mean?
Dolly, Maheen shouldn't have done whatever she did with you. I am so ashamed of it
what Maheen did, what happened brother?
the matter is that, Maheen tried to raise her hand on Dolly
really? but Dolly didn't told me any such thing
actually mom..
I thought, if I will discuss this matter then it will become an issue for no reason
that's why I stayed quiet
dear, you didn't complain in the fear of this matter becoming an issue
so that our head doesn't bend down because of shame
such daughters are the reason of pride for their parents
and here I am an unfortunate father, who is sitting ashamed in front of you people because of my daughter
what are you saying? You are my elder, just like my father. Please don't say these things
dear, I know you consider me in your father's place
also you consider me as your father
but the way you are treated in my house by Maheen, that I cannot tolerate
neither I will allow this mistreatment to be carry forward
that's why I've brought Maheen over here along with me
Maheen
you have to apologize to Dolly
no no, there is no need of it. I don't have any complaint with sister Maheen. She is my elder
No problem
yes brother, Dolly is absolutely correct
its ok, such petty matters do happen & we apologize to strangers. Not with our loved ones
they are kids, today they will fight & soon they'll mend their relations with each other
no sister
Maheen will apologize to Dolly
Come on, apologize!
Maheen
didn't you hear, what he is saying?
apologize to Dolly
I'm sorry
its ok
Mirha has gone to meet that boy again today.
Did Mirha tell you?
 Why would she?
She's not my friend, she's your friend. 
I'm sure she told you.
I've announced my decision to everyone.
I can't live without Aqib and...
 I can't even think about leaving him
 Mirha please...
Sister please!
If you can't do anything about me, then no need to interfere in my business.
Mirha
Why doesn't she meet him herself?
It's her sister's issue she should resolve it herself.
why is she involving you?
what's done is done Asfa, but we assure you that Dolly won't face any issue in our house
I know sister, that you will take very good care of my daughter
what's done is done, leave this topic
I request you to please agree with my words
I am understanding it brother, but how will do so many arrangements in such a short time?
everything will be done, but just say "yes"
but Zara, what will her in-laws say?
even we got the same thought in our minds for the very first time
but see, whatever is done by God is better
brother Ahmed is marrying his daughter this Friday
and we got the courage by listening to it, that if he can hide his grief for the sake of his children
so we should also keep our children happiness on first priority
as far as Zara is concerned, then you know her
we are sure that she will understand our point
she won't have any problem
sister, Sarwat is absolutely correct
try talking in your house, I'm sure that nobody will have an objection
our duty will be fulfilled as well if both the children wedding will be done together
ok brother, if you people think this way then I will speak to Saad
thank you so much!
you guys haven't eaten anything. Dear, serve them
yes
Zaini, did you see how I was insulted?
yes, so your antic was as such
what are you trying to say, Zaini?
means, the way I was insulted was right & I am wrong
am I capable of being insulted?
you shouldn't have done this, I will just say this
I am understanding everything, Zaini
since your wedding discussions are happening, you don't care about anyone
the way I am insulted in front of everyone
the same way when you'll be insulted then I will ask you, that how does it feel
if Dolly had any such intention then she hadn't been quiet as of yet
you are so naive Zaini, but I am understanding everything
She did all this to humiliate me in front of all, so that I shall stay ashamed in front of her for lifetime
but I will also see, that how come she'll stay happy after coming here
what's your problem? Why are you after her?
do you have an idea, that your antics can ruin my marriage as well
what are you saying to me, Zaini?
yes, so stop it now!
you are so selfish! You don't care about anyone, since your wedding discussions are going on
you don't even care that Zara cannot come over there
Why? What issue she will have?
mom had told me, sister Mahi's marriage got fixed. And she is getting married on this Friday
when a wedding can happen over there, then why can't we do the marriage & reception here?
you have gone mad! Who will marry her?
this is what you think! because both of you are jealous of each others happiness since childhood
and now you are being jealous of Dolly's happiness too, however you shouldn't be doing it
but you have become habitual of showing your animosity with everyone
in what way you are talking to me, Zaini?
this is the truth!
I don't envy them, I am way much better than them in every aspect
in fact, they are jealous of me. Also, both of them are same
the only difference is that Mahi stabs you on the front, and Dolly stabs you on the back
but both of them have the same nature, Zaini
then leave them both on their own! Stay in peace & let us stay in peace as well
so much of negativity is not good
ok listen! Who is the guy?
yours & Zara's senior professor Sir Alam, who used to come to our house as well
to teach you accounts
he is his nephew
and yes! Sir Alam's daughter was your friend as well right?
what is this happening?
I am getting one bad news after another
Look, how beautiful this dress is
yes, this one is also very nice
let me hear the call, ok?
okay
hello! Mr. Alam we have just reached
we'll take almost 3 hours, and I have to buy the jewelry as well
that's why I had asked you to come along, but you didn't come
Mr. Alam, this is the last wedding of our family & I don't want anyone to say anything
Zaviyar isn't our nephew but our son, you'll see how his wedding procession will be done with so much of pageantry
ok fine, you also take very good care of yourself. 
We'll come soon. Bye!
yes, did you like something?
hey come in Zara
aunty, I want to discuss something with you
yes yes, you can discuss it. Bit first, sit down
look at this
and this too, your uncle & I have bought it for Zaviyar. We'll give him as a wedding gift
its good, right?
yes...
and look at this
this set, I will give it to Mahi
your granny had gifted me upon Mahi's birth, they are good right?
they are very nice but aunty, I want to discuss an important matter
yes yes, go ahead. Tell me
actually I didn't wanted to hide it from you, but I couldn't gather the courage to tell you
and now I feel that, if I won't tell you now then it will be too late
oh God! my heart is sinking. What happened?
what if Mahi has refused for the marriage?
no no aunty, the matter is not about Mahi
then? about whom it is?
its about Mirha
about Mirha?
Mirha likes someone
She has met that guy a few times, also that guy had visited our house a few times
aunty, I didn't wanted to hide it from you but Mirha had forbidden me
and I just want you to know about Mirha's choice
mom, here you go. Sister Mahi has prepared tea for both of you
be careful
aunty!
Maheen
you are sitting here? What's the matter, Usama is here to pick you
mom, whatever you guys are doing is not right
has anyone asked you?
No, right?
then what's the issue?
since you haven't asked me that's why I am explaining you. What if nobody asks from you in the future
and the way you people have become blind in your son's love, what if he doesn't looks back at you in the future
you are so stubborn, Maheen. Your mindset is still the same
Fine!
I accept that I am quite stubborn
but what about you guys? You are sensible, think wisely
act sensibly
I had told you Maheen, that your father is the decision maker of this family
he is still alive, this decision is of your father & we have no objection on it
yes! why will you have an objection mom? As Dolly is your dearest
Ok enough, be quiet & get ready to go back
does Zara knows whatever is happening here?
No! and there is no need to tell her
I will tell her myself on the right time, and there is no need for you to call her as well. Got it?
what kind of a mother you are! you don't care a bit about me?
You had asked me to apologize to Dolly & now you are angry with me
yes, its evident to be angry on the person who will make the mistake
come on now, that poor guy has been waiting since so long
shameless, whom do you like?
who m do you love? Who is he!
mom...
aunty, please leave Mirha. At least, listen to her once
she has ruined our honor! Is this how she will repay our love for her?
mom I...
don't you dare to utter a single word from your mouth, I will pull out your tongue!
got it?
mom, listen to me..
Quiet! I said, not a single word from your mouth
if you'll talk to that guy ever again, then nobody will be as bad as me
Zara, today onwards she won't go to the college!
She won't go outside as well!
no mom no...
Quiet! Quiet, I said
not a single word!
get lost from here
Zara, take her away from here else I will kill her!
take her away!
come with me, Mirha
Mirha... Mirha, please listen to me
wow man! you did a great job in today's meeting
boss is quite impressed from you
I just hope that soon I get an approval from there
don't take tension, you'll get an approval. It takes almost a week's time
come, lets drink coffee
No man, I will go home as my mother must be waiting
its just a matter of one day & today is your first day
just consider it as a treat from my side
you can give me a treat once you'll get an approval.
Come on
you can take the treat now, as you won't be able to wait for a week's time
ok come, lets go. Hurry up
ok, one minute
what happened brother? Did you met any relative?
No, I was just looking like that
come, lets drink coffee then
take it, wipe off your tears
why you've come here?
 go away
mom has told me everything
what happened with you?
when you already knew everything, then why did you ask me to make sister Zara my secret keeper?
did you see, what had happened now?
at least stop crying
will everything be fine by crying?
Mirha look, honestly speaking. This had to happen one day or the other
what do you think, can Zara stay quiet?
She just wanted a chance to ruin the happiness of our family
what do you mean?
Zara was never happy with yours & Aqib's relationship
have you forgotten, how she had stopped you? She was stopping you again & again
and I was quiet being your sister, although I was aware of everything
you were thinking that Zara is your sister
Zara was being so close to you, but she is just like her sisters
so when you already knew everything, then why did you ask me to tell everything to Zara?
because I wanted to expose her fake innocence in front of you all
I wanted to bring her reality in front of you all
I hate her
I don't want her to stay in this house
she ate away the happiness of our house
she ate away our brother, Mirha
I can never forgive her
and you...
I will take the revenge of your insult
tell me
do you want to take revenge from Zara?
ok stop it, how much more you'll cry?
do you want to make the shrine of your love by crying again & again?
stop it, its ok. It happens
mom, how is this possible?
wedding & that too this month?
dear, try to understand the matter
brother Manzoor came with a lot of expectations
mom, recently I got a job & I have to settle down
so what dear? You have to do the job for your entire life
once you'll get married then God will make things much better with Zaini's fate
mom, this is what you are saying
but you know all
I am not ready to take such a big responsibility right now
and I don't understand, that what as such had happened that uncle has asked for the wedding all of a sudden
Saad
listen to me very carefully, dear
actually the matter is that, Maheen & Dolly had a fight over a small matter
it was a misunderstanding, Maheen got angry & she tried to slap Dolly
because of that the matter got escalated
now brother Manzoor
mom, is Maheen crazy? Let me go & ask her right away
stop it, sit down peacefully
mom, she tried to slap my sister. How can I stay quiet on this?
you have to Saad! you have to stay quiet
because we are the girl's family
mom, if we are girl's family then we are also the boy's family. What if I do the same with their daughter as well then?
Enough! Enough Saad, nothing else now. This was the reason that I wasn't telling you anything
dear, try to keep a control on your anger & listen to me with a cool mind
brother Manzoor had brought Maheen along with him
so that she can apologize
what else do you want, dear?
What else shall he do?
dear, we are the guy's family. Also they are the guy's family too
but we cannot falsify their generosity
Maheen got angry for some reason, and she did this
but whatever you are doing in its revenge is also wrong
brother Manzoor's demand isn't wrong
and honestly speaking, even I want the same. I want this wedding to happen as soon as possible
I won't listen to anything else, sit quietly & eat your dinner
come on dear, come
sit down
sit
start eating
come on, eat your dinner
what have I done, Adeel?
I shouldn't have done this
Mirha is angry with me, also aunt is upset with me
what shall I do now?
what shall I do, Adeel?
Zara
yes aunty?
I've come to talk to you
yes
whatever you've told me about Mirha
don't mention this to your uncle
he is very strict in nature
if he gets to know about it, then he will be very strict with Mirha
aunty, I didn't mean that at all
I haven't told you all this in order to do her complain to you
I am thinking good about her, I just want you to meet that guy once
enough! its not possible
there is a lot of difference in your house environment & in this house environment
the way your family members are so independent, I cannot give that independence to the people of this house
that's why it would be better for you to stay away from this matter
what?
and yes! I want to say one more thing to you
your uncle has talked to Sarwat about Mahi's wedding
if you want, you can also tell your mother
but.. remember one thing
none of this house matter shall be discussed in that house
specially Zaviyar's family shouldn't get to know about Mahi's divorce, as we have hidden this matter from them
what!
yes
this matter shouldn't reach to them at all, as it is such matters are of no use
what's the use of discussing a matter which has become a part of the past, a relation which become a part of the past
aunty, how can you keep the basis of a new relation on a lie?
Enough! don't try to teach me philosophy
whatever I am telling you, listen to it, understand it & work on it
are you getting my point?
this matter shouldn't go out of this house at any cost
specially your uncle shouldn't get a hint that we've hidden this matter from Zaviyar's family
if this matter went out of this house
then do you know its consequences?
Ali is calling, talk to him
it was a misunderstanding, Maheen got angry 
& she tried to slap Dolly
because of that the matter got escalated
Zara, at least pick up my call
what shall I do? With whom I shall share all this?
I cannot marry right now, how shall I explain it to everyone?
I have to speak to Zaini
brother, a lot had happened but nobody had told me anything at all
what to tell you Zara, everyone is so worried here because of sister Maheen
 but brother, mom had told me that Maheen has gone back to her house upon dad & brother Usama's orders
and whatever Maheen did is so wrong, she shouldn't have done that
now tell me, what shall I do in all this?
what does dad say about it?
dad has talked about our marriage over there
ok listen..
can you come?
no brother...
Zara look, I never wanted to make you worried
but sister Maheen has not left any option
I don't want to loose Dolly
brother, whatever you did is absolutely correct
Dolly is your responsibility, and you did a great job by taking stand for her
thank God that you've understood my point, I thought that I might make you upset
please don't think this way & start your wedding preparations
Okay, bye!
Zara might have a hand in making you a part of my life..
but you're the one who made her place in my heart, Zaini
 love shouldn't be restricted to oneself.
Rather...
it is something that is shared between two people..
I love you Zaini.
Thank you so much.
You look beautiful
this matter shouldn't reach to them at all, as it is such matters are of no use
what's the use of discussing a matter which has become a part of the past, a relation which become a part of the past
whatever I am telling you, listen to it, understand it & work on it
are you getting my point?
this matter shouldn't go out of this house at any cost
specially your uncle shouldn't get a hint that we've hidden this matter from Zaviyar's family
if this matter went out of this house
then do you know its consequences?