Zara is alright.
But my brother has gone.
My brother has left this world.
Please bring water.
Bring water. Hurry up.
Zara please open your eyes.
Adeel I kept telling you but you didn't listen to your mother.
If he had listened to me then he would have been alive today.
I kept telling everyone that she is accursed but no one listened to me.
Mom, eat a bit.
No Mahi, I don't want to eat anything.
Mom, Adeel won't come back if you won't eat anything.
He has gone to that place from where no one can come back.
Why didn't she go?
Why did my Adeel go?
He didn't have to go yet. He had to live more.
Why did he go?
Mom please eat a bit
Control yourself.
If you won't control yourself then who will take care of us.
Adeel won't come back mom.
Please eat for my sake.
Why isn't anyone saying anything to her because of whom he has left this world.
My Adeel had to live more.
He had to become father and I had to become a grandmother.
This wicked girl has killed my son.
This child eating witch has killed my son.
She killed my son.
Dad, mom isn't eating any thing. Please take care of her.
Let me see Mirha.
Don't do this Farida. Eat something.
Are you happy now.
Are you in peace now?
Your niece came to this house
And my son has gone.
Fear God. Fear God.
It's not good to criticize God's will.
Be thankful to God that He gave us that much time to fulfill our son's desires.
He had to live that much.
He had to leave this world.
But it's not good.
This is really bad.
My son has gone. How will I live without him.
Someone bring my son back.
I can't see Zara in this condition.
How happy she was on her wedding day.
And everything has changed in a single day for her.
The meaning of life has been changed for her now.
I don't know how will she be able to adjust with this situation.
We won't let her live here.
We will take her back with us.
Yes, she will go with us.
How can she live here.
Despite everyone's opposition, the person she married is no longer here.
And when we told her that she won't live happily in her in-laws house
 then do you know, what did she say?
She said that if Adeel is with her then she doesn't care about anyone.
She thought that she has got the most valuable thing with her and that is love.
Adeel's love. But she was wrong.
The biggest reality is death.
Which doesn't see that how much a person loves other person.
And how many dependents he has.
Zara.
Zenny, this dress is for Zara.
Ask her to change it and bring her out. People are coming for condolence. 
You come as well.
Change your dress.
Let me hang it.
Mom, your health will deteriorate. Bring water for mom.
Mom, stop crying.
Mom, please.
Mom, stop crying.
How is mom feeling now, Dolly?
Zara's condition is not good.
I will ask Zenny to tell Zara to talk to you.
I will talk to you later Dolly. Good bye.
Why did you disconnect the phone?
I had to talk to Saad.
Mom, I couldn't talk to him properly.
Some came there so he disconnected the phone. Talk to him later.
What did he say about Zara? How is she?
She is not in good condition. She is still in shock.
Yes, she has faced such torment.
It's a very big test for her.
May God give her patience.
Ameen.
By the way, brother Saad told me that maybe they will bring her back.
That will be good.
She will have support of everyone here otherwise she wouldn't forget her past while living there.
It's a very big shock for her.
Who can know about it more than me.
Wife feels courageous if she has support of her husband.
And when she loses this support
Then everyone gets finished and woman feels lonely.
May God have mercy on her.
Everyone's focus must be on her, specially her mother-in-law.
Mom.
I think after this incident, her hatred must have become more intense.
May God have mercy on her.
What is going on here?
Nothing.
Don't you know that your Iddat period has started?
I think you must have known about difference of forbidden relations.
Aunt, actually.
You are still standing here.
Didn't you listen that her Iddat period has started. Go from here.
Go.
The girls of noble and honorable families can't even see face of forbidden relatives.
And you are sharing your feelings with him.
Are you ashamed?
Go to your room and don't come out of your room.
Do you understand?
Go.
Is anyone aware that where is Zara right now?
What happened? Where is Zara?
She is with Saad.
Didn't she fall in love with Adeel?
Hmm?
She forgot him so soon.
What are you talking about? Hmm?
What do you mean by that?
What do you mean by that? She is in her Iddat.
She shouldn't meet any forbidden relative.
She has forgotten Adeel so soon.
Didn't anyone tell her.
That what she has to do during her Iddat.
Couldn't she sit in her room for a few days for the sake of Adeel.
My son did so much for her, can't she do this much for him.
This is not the right time to discuss this matter.
We will advise her later. She is our child.
Everyone knows about these matters Mr. Ahmed.
But I think Zara don't care about it.
It doesn't make any difference to her.
She doesn't care about anything. She is not sad at all.
You are talking weirdly.
Will you learn to talk according to situation or not?
You are asking me to do that and what about your niece?
Don't you see what is she doing?
Is she acting according to situation? Tell me.
For God sake sister, please stop it.
My daughter's life is already ruined. 
She will do whatever you want and whatever you say.
Your daughter's life isn't ruined Sarwat.
This didn't make any difference to her.
She will find a new husband for her.
My life has ruined. I have seen with my own eyes.
I think it's enough.
We are taking Zara with us. We should leave now.
That will be a great favor on me from your side.
For God sake, take your daughter to your home.
There is so much difference between environments of your house and my house.
How will I face people if she will do any wrong.
Zenny, ask Zara to get ready, she will go with us.
Let me tell her.
Wait.
Will you decide yourself?
Won't you ask me?
Zara is not my daughter-in-law, she is my daughter.
Brother Manzoor, let her stay here for a few days.
God has taken back my son.
Let my daughter stay with me. My house will be deserted.
Uncle.
Don't be emotional. It will hurt everyone.
It will especially hurt Zara.
Please allow us to take her with us.
My son, sit.
Sit comfortably and talk. Brother Manzoor, please sit.
I am really embarrassed in front of you.
Please forgive me. Please sit.
Sit.
Brother Manzoor, you know Farida's nature.
She just says without thinking. Please don't mind her words.
What can I say?
Why did you go to Zara?
Don't you know about their nature?
They mention all laws when they want to disgrace someone but they don't pray at all.
I didn't go to meet her. She came in front of me. What would I do?
Zenny, she is in stress and she needs our support.
Do you know that what are they thinking about your support?
Do have any idea that what has aunt Farida said in front of everyone?
Whatever
I don't care.
OK
The discussion is underway. We will take Zara back.
If I can tolerate with Adeel's demise then I can endure everything.
Don't come to meet me when you will go back.
What have you done Adeel?
You told me that you will take me to our new house.
So, why have you left alone?
Why didn't you take me with you?
You left me alone Adeel.
You kept mentioning about death.
I thought that you just say that to tease me.
But I didn't know that you kept telling me about my future.
You were preparing me mentally.
If I had any idea that you know everything then
Then I would pray for your long life.
I would tell God that I can't live without you Adeel.
Tell Him, you are with God Adeel.
Talk to Him and tell him that both of us had to live together.
We want to live together. Tell Him that I want to be with you.
How will I live without you Adeel. I won't be able to live.
It's very difficult, it's impossible.
Me and mom have decided that Zara should tell everyone about her decision.
Whether she wants to stay here or go with you.
We will ask her about her decision.
And it doesn't make any difference to us that who is in front of us or not.
So it would be better for you to just leave.
You are so strange.
I am just saying that Zara should make this decision by herself that she wants to stay here or there
I will stay here.
I can't leave this house.
Me and Adeel only spent fifteen days together.
The respect and love Adeel gave me during those fifteen days
And took great care of me
Maybe
Husband and wife are unable to give that much love and respect to each other throughout their entire lifetime.
I can't leave this house mom.
Let me stay here till my Iddat.
There are Adeel's memories in this house.
Here is his fragrance.
Here are his clothes and other things.
Adeel has left us.
But I can feel his presence.
If I left this house mom
Then I will lose that feeling.
And I want to live with that feeling.
How can I leave this house mom.
I can't live without this feeling mom.
How can I leave this house mom.
Zara has clearly refused. 
She wants to stay here.
She doesn't want to go back with us.
And what about all others? What did uncle say?
Dad has said that Zara should do whatever she wants
It's a foolish act from Zara.
We should talk to her together.
But dad says that this is the right way.
Obligations are fulfilled like this.
They will bother her so much.
Despite knowing this, should we leave her in this house.
So what can we do Saad?
She doesn't want to go with us so please leave her on her will.
What are you doing Zara? You should go with us.
Your decision is not right.
Stop worrying about me Saad.
Everything is minimal in front of my sadness about Adeel.
If I can tolerate with Adeel's death.
Then I can tolerate with everything.
Don't come to meet me when you will go back.
I am unable to understand that what are you guys doing?
I mean that do you understand the meaning of Zara's stay here?
What are you talking about?
So you tell me, what should I say?
Do you understand anything that why she wants to stay here?
She wants to stay here with her own consent. No one is forcing her.
I want to understand that why isn't anyone forcing her?
The situation was different earlier, try to understand Ali.
By the way, it's her uncle's house as well.
If you don't consider this house as her in-laws' house then it's her maternal house.
You are saying this mom.
I can't believe it.
There is no need for this argument Maheen.
It would be better to talk to Zara instead of arguing with us.
Make her understand that no one is forcing her.
And especially in this situation. It's not a minor thing.
It's a major incident.
She will take some time to recover from this.
I know my daughter, she won't compose herself so soon.
OK, let me talk to her.
Please don't take tension.
We are here.
Nothing will go wrong with Zara.
I am saying this to stop anything wrong to be done to her.
But everyone understands my point after facing consequences. Right?
Oh.
Mom, please don't cry.
Someone should stop her.
She just says without thinking.
What do you want?
Nothing.
What are you talking about?
Why don't you want to go with us?
You shouldn't stay here now.
Why should I stay here?
Because I am saying this to you being your elder sister. Isn't this enough for you.
I must have been saying this thoughtfully.
Here you go.
Here are your vegetables.
Don't you need anything.
No, uncle Adnan.
Did you talk to them, when will they come.
Didn't you talk to Ali?
No, I didn't talk to him.
Bring me a glass of water.
OK.
Ali should take care of you and he should inform you. After all he is your future husband. Hmm.
Uncle Adnan, you know Ali's nature. He is like this.
You will become husband and wife in future so you take care of your relation. You will face problems in future.
He is only brother of three sister. You will mind my words but it's my duty to tell you.
Even your real brother gives them more importance so be careful.
What are you talking about uncle Adnan.
It doesn't make any difference to me that you call me uncle Adnan.
I consider you my friend and I will keep considering you my friend 
and I was advising you being your friend.
OK, tell me, when will then come. I have to cook the food.
Cook the food, you have already cleaned the house. Right?
And if you need anything else then tell me.
OK. Thanks uncle Adnan.
I am going.
Your uncle Adnan is going.
So much has happened but you didn't even inform me.
How could I inform you, your phone was not accessible.
Oh yes, my phone was malfunctioning. I got it repaired today.
I didn't have any idea that you are so much pain otherwise I wouldn't leave you alone.
How are you feeling now?
How can a sister feel after leaving her brother.
I can understand your feelings.
I am really sorry for that.
Don't cry.
You know that it hurts me when I see you cry.
Mirha please. I can't see you cry. I can come to you if you ask me.
Do you love me that much Aqib?
Test my love.
A love that is not tested is not called love
You know what Aqib, I think that
God has put sister-in-law in great test by taking brother's life.
Brother loved sister-in-law from his heart and soul.
And you remember that I used to give you examples of my brother and sister-in-law's love.
Yes I remember everything. How is your sister-in-law feeling now?
How she should be. She doesn't talk much.
She just responds if anyone talks to her otherwise she keeps quiet.
Aunt decided to take her back.
So will she go back?
No.
She will pass her Iddat period here.
That's good.
Anyways, I will talk to you later.
Mirha take care of yourself. You have to live your life.
Yes. Don't worry. Good bye.