How can you say that about me?
I don't have a habit of keeping an eye on girls.
also bad one
The funny thing is that I keep an eye on people who have such a habit.
You have no idea about this
and it would be better if you stay far away from this.
Stay away from Adnan,
he is a vile man.
Did your elder sister go on a honeymoon, or did your mother?
Or did your uncle take me on a honeymoon?
No one went, right? No one went from your family, so you guys won't go either.
I'm telling your clearly that you should stop thinking about going to your honeymoon.
Zara has made so many things.
Greetings*
Zara, if you make such tasty food everyday, I'll have to join Adeel in jogging everyday.
That's good.
You don't listen to me, but at least this way you'll start coming with me.
It's not like something drastic will happen.
I'm very happy with my daughters at home.
I get to eat tasty food.
Fareeda you have made the best decision of your life.
What decision?
You've handed the responsibility of the kitchen to Zara.
It's not like she's the first one.
I took over the kitchen the moment I was married.
It seems that you are feeling insecure because of Zara.
What do you mean?
Nothing auntie, carry on with your breakfast.
Father, that's not fair.
Would she have allowed her to go inside the kitchen if she was insecure?
She gave her this responsibility.
Mahi, you don't need to provide any explanations.
Don't you know how your father is? He doesn't think before speaking.
He can't even distinguish between having fun and making fun of someone
Alright fine. Forgive me... I won't joke around with you.
Carry on with your breakfast.
Father I want to talk with you alone.
Sure... we'll talk after we have breakfast.
I want to talk right now. Please head down with me.
Lead the way.
Zara, send the breakfast downstairs.
What is it that he can't say in front of us.
How do I know? Why do you make Zara seem to be so helpless in front of everyone?
When did I make her to be helpless. Come on!
Now eat... it's tasty.
I can't swallow a morsel of it, it's horrible.
I'll eat it later.
Hey!
What's with you? My son earned it, and I'll be eating it.
If that's the case then why are you saying that it's horrible.
Shut up and eat!
It's good, right?
Tell me one thing, how many times will we watch this movie?
What are you guys doing?
You guys are watching a film?
Yes.
It's Zara's favorite film.
It's a good movie.
Why are you showing it at home?
Take her outside for a dinner and a show.
This is the time for you guys to have fun, you won't find time later.
Indeed, I asked Zara, but she refused.
Why did you refuse?
I thought girls like going out.
Uncle said that he was expecting some guests.
And it was important for us to be at home. That's why I refused.
Did your uncle say that?
Oh yes! I almost forgot!
We are expecting some guests.
I completely forgot. So what if guests are coming?
Why are you ruining your plans because of some guest? You guys may go
Mother, we made no plans.
I understand, but you guys should go. I'll take care of the guests.
Uncle said that it was an old friend of his and he wanted me to meet them.
We can plan for some other day.
Yeah, we'll do it some other day.
Alright. I was saying it because of you guys, I have nothing to gain from this.
As you wish.
I think she's upset.
Should we go then?
Her mood is good only once a year.
No, we can't go today. Uncle said that it was important for us to stay home.
I have to cook for the guests as well.
We'll watch the movie later. Or you can watch it.
Sure.
Nothing can be done. Everyone has their own little life going on.
I told your father not to tell Zara about the proposal thing.
But why won't he tell her? He will do everything I ask him not to do.
Does that mean that they aren't going?
Am I speaking a foreign language?
Your father has told Zara everything.
He has asked them not to leave home and that he will be introducing his friend to Zara.
I told you that Zara shouldn't find out until my wedding is fixed.
What if the proposal is rejected?
God forbid! What are you saying? You speak whatever that comes to your mind.
What won't they accept your proposal? They will accept it.
You father has told her.
Now I'll see how...
Zara speaks about this. If she opens her mouth...
you'll see what I'll do to her.
There's no point in saying such things.
Maheen will make fun of me if she finds out.
When I went there she taunted me about my divorce.
Who was stopping you?
You should have asked why she has been living at her mother's house for so many days.
There must be something that is going on.
Otherwise her in-laws are lovely people.
She's not that lucky.
If they were so loving then why would she be staying at home?
Why are you concerned about her?
Tell me, what should I do about this accursed Zara? Your father has ruined my mood.
It would have been great if she had left home. I would have been at peace.
Mother, I'm telling you right now.
You should tell her that this shouldn't leave our home. It won't be good for her if it does.
Alright, I'll tell her, don't ruin your mood. I'll talk to her.
So...
What have you decided?
About what?
You know very well what I'm talking about.
Mother up till now, why don't you understand my opinion on the matter.
You know that your in-laws will not listen to foolish demands.
Still your mother asked me to ask your say on the matter.
What should I tell him?
Father asked for an answer. Deliver him my answer.
Clearly tell him that I have refused.
Shall we?
Listen.
Zaini...
What is it?
I love you.
You really are stupid.
I shouldn't tell you anything.
You've turned this into a joke.
Shall we?
Let's go.
Come on.
What is this? You're not ready yet?
I'm not going anywhere.
What is this childish behavior Razia?
We are already late.
When you've settled everything alone...
then what is the need for me to be there.
You'll have to come along...
What doesn't Zaviar do for you and you...
I love Zaviar as much as you do.
That's why I want to marry an honorable girl from a wealthy family for him.
Look Razia,
only Zaviar has the right to make this decision. If because of some reason...
if she dislikes the girl, then you can find another girl for him.
But you will not say this in front of him.
But...
Razia if you talk to him, I will change my mind about selling my property.
That's not fair.
If you act stubborn, then I can act the same to have my way.
Uncle
Come my dear... why aren't you ready yet?
If auntie doesn't want us taking a proposal there...
then we shouldn't go. Call and reject the proposal.
What are you saying Zaviar?
Uncle, I don't want to upset auntie.
She never let me feel the absence of a mother.
Please call them and reject the proposal.
Do you hear him? This is the lengths he can go to...
for you happiness and then there's you...
Alright Zaviar my dear... I'm willing to go with you.
If I don't like that girl we won't marry you to her.
Done auntie.
It's settled then. You two get ready...
We're already late. I'll wait for you two.
Alright uncle.
Hurry up guys. I'm waiting.
Zara.
Yes?
What are you doing?
I'm preparing food like uncle asked me to.
It's obvious that you have to take care of such things.
For now stop what you're doing and listen to me.
Sure.
What did your uncle tell you about the guests?
That they are coming here with a proposal.
I'm sure you must have told that to your mother.
Uncle asked me not to tel anyone until the proposal is finalized.
Still you must have told her.
I'm sure you must have asked her not to tell anyone.
This is how things are leaked out from homes.
That is what one does when they pass on a secret, ask the other person not to tell anyone.
That does happen, but I'm not one of them. I wasn't raised that way.
Don't worry, until Mahi's proposal is accepted I won't tell anyone.
Should I use beef or chicken to make the kebabs?
You can use my chopped liver for all I care.
I feel that you want to. One more thing...
you might be able to make Adeel and his father a fool but not me.
Finally you are rid of this now and you're fine now.
Brother, I'm completely fine, right?
Yes you are, do you doubt it?
No... after this I thought that I would never be able to walk properly.
What's the matter with you? People get better after horrible tragedies...
And this wasn't even that bad. You shouldn't worry like this.
Now get up and walk for me.
Get up.
Do you want to walk like this for the rest of your life?
Leave this and walk normally.
No brother I'm scared.
What are you scared of? Show me your hand.
Come on... you are walking normally. You're fine.
She was scared that she wouldn't be able to walk normally, but she's fine now.
Shall we go?
Let's go.
Brother Imran it's good that you brought your wife with you.
Greetings.
Greetings to you too.
Brother Noor, your wife looks amazing.
Why does it seem to me that I've met you before.
You have it wrong, we're meeting for the first time.
First time?
Yes sister... you are meeting her for the first time.
Actually, after Rukhsana's death, she is the one that I married.
By God's good grace you are very lucky,
otherwise a widower doesn't find himself such a pretty wife at your age.
Greetings*
Come Zara, Brother Noor Alam, this is my daughter-in-law.
Sir, you're here!
Brother...
you have found a wonderful match for your son. Zara...
she was my best student. She was incredibly obedient.
Uncle, he used to teach us math and was the entire class's favorite student.
Really...
So, I was there favorite.
But Zara was the college's favorite student.
Apart from studying no one was her equal when it came to extracurricular activities.
That's great, now that you are done getting praised.
Prepare for some tea for your teacher.
Sure.
Mr. Ahmed, it is a lovely coincidence...
I have not one but two relationships with your family.
I just didn't call Zara my daughter, but I treated her like one.
Yes sure... I can see that.
Tell us about your son, after all you've brought us his proposal.
My lovely wife, tell them how are son is.
Our son is a one in a million. You will never get the chance to complain.
By God's good grace our son has his own businesses.
I saw Mirha's accident. I saw her funeral. You can go another time.
I saw her funeral, why don't you understand.
I will go,
because I promised Zara.
I will go at any cost, even if the worse comes down on me, even if I die!
Adeel, why are you still sitting like this? You haven't changed as well.
Everyone is waiting for you. You should be outside.
It is important for me to be there.
Yes it is, Mahi is your sister and you should be there.
Do you know that one shouldn't sit at a place that one is invited to.
Mother and Mahi didn't want us to be around that's why she wanted us to go outside.
What difference does it make?
I met her as well and you should come as well.
It does make a difference.
And I am very clear in this matter. We will be moving to the place that father gifted you.
We're shifting there?
I just told you that we shouldn't stay at a place where one isn't invited
Look Zara, no matter how hard you try you won't be able to make a place here.
This is not the time for such things.
Noor Alam is my teacher and I want to introduce you to him.
Please come with me and change.
Please.
Alright fine, but I'll only go because of you
Okay fine... go ahead and change.
This is amazing!
You didn't want to meet your sister's in-laws.
But you are willing to meet your wife's teacher.
Mahi was right when she said that Zara knows how to do magic.
They are expected to be her in-laws. Nothing has been finalized yet.
Why not? The way Noor Alam was happy to see her, it's her responsibility to make him agree to the proposal.
He's my teacher, how can I convince him for the proposal?
Why not?
I almost forgot that Mahi isn't your sister that you should try for.
The way you tried for Saad and Zaini to get engaged.
I heard that it was hard for you to convince Saad.
Right?
It's not like that auntie.
It might have not, but you have you to try in this matter.
Because brother Alam knows you well otherwise we know them as a far off acquaintance.
He turned out to be quite close to you. He's like your fan.
Now it's your job to convince them for Mahi's proposal. If he tries to refuse...
then don't let him, because you aren't uneducated like us.
You know how to convince people.
And one more thing, I don't want brother Noor Alam to accept Mahi's proposal,
rather we want you to do it.
I don't know how, but it's your job to convince him.
Come outside quickly.
It's such a big responsibility.
Noor Alam is my teacher, how can I say something like that to him?
That's why I wanted us to leave.
As far as the  proposal is concerned, leave it to me.
I'll take care of everything.
Look at me.
Trust me... I will never leave you alone.
Never.
I'll freshen up.
Manzoor, I don't know why you ask me to talk to her. You know how she speaks to me,
she has clearly refused.
You are his mother, make her understand. Don't let her ruin her home.
Because if I talk to her in a different way.
I don't care if it will be in a different way, you'll have to talk to her.
I am with you. She still listens to you, but she doesn't listen to me at all.
Alright.
Don't say anything to Maheen.
Take your tea, it's getting cold.
Hello Farah.
Hello Zaviar, how are you?
I'm fit, what about you?
I'm fine as well.
You tell me, I heard they are looking at proposals for you.
Yes, uncle wants me to settle down now.
You are the only one that is left in the family. You should have been married long before I was.
Brother Ayaz was in a rush.
He still reminds me that I was quite problematic when it came to getting married. 
But I'm happy that you agreed to get married.
But I would be at peace if you were here.
I will my try my best, but first finalize the girl.
That's true.
Tell me one thing, the place you went to today...
How did you like them? They are old acquaintances.
They were okay.
What about the girl?
I don't know.
What do you mean? Didn't you meet her?
I saw her, but I was unable to talk to her.
Their culture is a little different.
But I will ask mom and dad to introduce you to him so it's easier for you to decide.
You are quick to such solutions.
You only make a better decision once you talk to her.
Alright, there are other things that one must look at.
Let's see what happens.
Can I come to meet you Aqib?
My leg is fine now.
Congratulations. That's great news.
When are you meeting me? Tomorrow?
What's the rush?
Wait a while. I don't think that my family will let me leave alone now.
These minor accident happen often.
Who will make them understand that? But I'll try to figure something out.
Tell me... is everything alright? What happened about the robbery?
Don't ask... Mahi is threatening me.
All she does is talk... all she does is threaten, and nothing else.
She threatens me with brother Adeel. 
But brother Adeel is married now and he's busy with his wife.
He's planning to go on his honeymoon nowadays.
We'll go there too, one day.
It will be so much fun.
Shall we go then.
Have some shame. Who goes on their honeymoon before their marriage?
Hello... this is Mirha's elder sister.
I want to meet you. 
She'll tell you the place.
Have you no fear, you've crossed all limits.
Is this what you talk about? 
I told you to introduce me to him, but no...
Tell him the place.
I like the guys very much.
He was very silent and didn't say a word.
And Zara was saying...
I'm sure that they'll agree to the proposal, she was very sure.
Why?
How can Zara be so sure?
I'm sure she know something. Why can't they accept the proposal by looking at Zara's face?
Fareeda, what I don't understand is when you will stop being illogical.
What did I say now?
Look, brother Noor met us. He will go home, think about it and send us his answer.
Until then it would be better if you stop thinking so much.
Let them rest and me too. Turn off the lights.
I can't even talk to you now.
So... tell me now... how did you like Maheen?
She was just fine.
I was thinking of us visiting my brother's sister-in-laws daughter.
What's the matter with you? I'm talking to you about Mahi...
and you're talking about your relative.
That too again.
What should I say?
I liked them a lot. 
They are honorable people. His son is a doctor.
And Zara... I am satisfied just by looking at her face.
Don't tell me that you are ready to accept their proposal.
No... I'm just giving...
my opinion.
For your information, Farah called.
She was saying that Zaviar is confused.
Confused?
Why is that?
That's how the kids are nowadays. Until and unless he talks with her...
he won't agree to marrying her.
Are you saying that...
Zaviar said this to Farah.
Yes.
And... I don't think thinks will work with them.
Alright!
Then I'll talk to Zaviar.
I'll ask him.
I would ask you to wait a few days, let him think.
Ask them after a few days, let them make a decision.
And... besides, it's not like we have only one option.
Alright.
You are right...
But you will not talk with anyone about a proposal.
Alright... I will not.
Mahi, give me my phone.
I will not, it's the root of all problems.
Maheen, I'll complain to father.
Complain to whoever you want, especially father.
Don't remain silent when he father asks you why I took away your phone.
Tell him everything.
You can't do this to me.
I will do even worse.
You can take this phone from mother now.
Sister Mahi...
What's the matter? Why have you taken these warm clothes out.
They belong to Adeel.
I know they belong to him, but why are they out?
Adeel mentioned that it might be cold there.
He asked me to pack some warm clothes.
Wasn't your planned canceled?
Give my phone.
No, I won't it.
It wasn't canceled, auntie just didn't want us to go right now.
But...
But what?
Adeel thinks that it's the right time for us to go there.
Let go.
Sister, do you need help?
Are you free?
She can do her own packing.
Tell me, I'll pack for you.
You should study, I'll do this myself.
It's not that big of a deal.
I'll help you. It's fine.
Are you excited?
Alright Ahsan, this is final. Please start working on this.
Hello.
What? I'll be right there.
Mother... you were saying..
that you won't let them go anywhere. But they are packing.
What's the point in you creating such a scene?
What do you mean they are packing? Are they going on their honeymoon?
Obviously. But now, there's no point in talking to them.
It's not like they will stop and listen to you. You'll be embarrassed for no reason.
I swear to God! They didn't ask me once!
They just started packing!
Ever since that accursed girl has come into Adeel's life, he has gotten out of hand.
Why would he ask you? 
He has asked who he wanted to ask. 
He talked to father about it and there's no point in you saying anything.
I'll set him straight. I'll see how they'll leave.
Mother, you'll be embarrassed for no reason.
What are you saying? What do you mean there was a fire?
I don't understand anything as well.
What are you two talking about? A fire... where?
In the factory.
What are you saying? Were any lives lost?
Thank God, no.
There is no news like that. But the fire has spread.
I need to leave for Lahore right now.
No...
How will you take care of everything alone?
I'll come with you?
What about things here?
Don't worry about this place. Kamran is here he'll take care of things.
If you two leave, what will I do here alone? I'll come along.
No...
there is no need for you to be there. Stay here.
Go and book the flight tickets.
What's the matter? How come there was a fire?
Did you notify the police?
What will the police do?
 We can't change what happened.
God have mercy. Why did this happen?
Why don't you understand that you can't go? I've told you that you can't go!
No matter what happens, I will go.
You can go later. I'm not refusing.
How can I make you understand? I've seen bad things. I've seen her funeral.
She'll die. What will I tell her parents if she dies?
You also said that something would happen to me if I leave for Karachi
But I'm standing in front of you, alive and well.
Nothing happened to you, but Mirha got into an accident.
How should I tell you?
I've seen her drenched her blood. We couldn't recognize her face.
For God's sake mother!
Think before you speak.
How should I make you understand? I told you not to go to Karachi, but still you went.
Mirha got into an accident. I'm asking you to go later.
She'll die. I've seen her funeral!
I will go.
I promised Zara, so I will go. I will go at any cost, no matter what happens.
Even if I die!
My God! Look how you're speaking to your mother!
Why didn't I die before hearing this?
Adeel why do you say such things? 
You never know when a prayer might get accepted.
You have no idea how much this hurts me.
Listen to me Zara!
Nothing happened.
I'm with you.
I will not go anywhere with you.
Zara...