oh God, where is she!
Mahi... Mahi
what's wrong, why are you making noise?
its been so late, and Mirha hasn't come back as of yet
so what, she will come
what do you mean by this? Call your dad
tell him to go to her university & bring her back
mom, he has gone outside for some work. Why will he go to pick her?
here he comes, you can ask him yourself
there is a limit of being carelessness
let her come, I will take her class
dad has come
Greetings!*
what happen, why are you standing here?
you've admitted your daughter in the university, but do you even know about her whereabouts or not?
oh God! What happen, is everything alright?
how can anything be fine? Its been so late but she hasn't come back from the university as of yet
she has gone to the university, there might be some extra class. She will come back
I don't know. Go & bring her back
Mahi, call & ask her where is she
dad, I've called her many times but her phone is switched off
are you satisfied now? Now for God sake go & bring her back
Ok fine, I am going. At least you don't worry
I am coming in a while
what is this, he is asking me not to worry
its not the matter to get worried, you are escalating the matter for no reason
its been so late, Mahi
rest here
oho, my phone's battery has died. Mom must be worried for me
how will you go home now?
the point must have left by now
I will get an auto rickshaw
let me drop you
no, its fine. I'll manage
come on, I will pass from there so I will drop you
actually my cousin is coming to pick me today, & he is going to stay with us tonight. So he will drop you
but...
No ifs or buts, you are coming with me
look, he is here
hey...
Greetings brother Fahad
Greetings!
brother Fahad, she is my friend Mirha
and Mirha, he is my cousin brother Fahad
Greetings!*
brother Fahad, can we please drop Mirha to her house while going to our house?
Sure, why not?
shall we go?
come
Saad
water
are you coming after meeting Zaini?
what happen?
nothing
Saad, I know you met Zaini
did she said something?
or discussed something?
is she fine?
she doesn't want to see my face
she has started hating me
it will take some time for her to recover from the grief
yes
are you fine?
I am fine
and you?
the way you are fine
the same way I am fine
the condition of both of us is same
but maybe its my bad luck that...
I have eaten your happiness
its not only the fault of your luck in it
also, my bad luck plays a vital role in it
let me serve the dinner
Greetings mom!
Greetings!
who is she?
mom, she is my university friend. Since I got late today so she came to drop me
aunty, my name is Sehrish. We study together
actually we had an extra class today & Mirha had missed her point. So I came to drop her home
I hope you don't mind
what? Yes... Okay fine
ok aunty, I am leaving now. Bye!
thank you so much! Bye
bye..
by the way, well done!
you've become friends with such a wealthy girl
be quiet! for the first time in her life she did something great
haven't you seen the car of that guy? It was so good
leave the car & think about dad. Don't know where he must be wandering to search for her
oh yes... call your dad & inform him that you've reached home
my phone's battery is dead. Let me call from your phone
my phone is inside, Go call him
what is this in your hand?
oh, I forgot to tell you. Its Sadaf's engagement's card
day after tomorrow is her engagement. She had invited all of us
show me
Ok have a look, meanwhile let me get the phone
I will go to this engagement ceremony for sure
what will I wear?
you are worried about your dress, they were such a wealthy people
nobody came from your family today
everyone was asking a lot
So, I made an excuse that your father is not well
you cover really well
what are you saying, Maheen?
if your parents didn't come, then obviously I had to make an excuse
you should have made the people meet your mother, whoever were asking you
she would have told them that why my parents didn't come
what was the need for you to make a false excuse of my father's illness, tell me!
what's wrong with you, Maheen?
why do you always make a mountain out of hay?
and from where my mother came in between? Why shall I ask her?
because my parents didn't come here today because of her
what are you saying?
if you don't believe me then go & ask your mother
she made me call them & ask them not to come
are my parents so low-class that anyone can call & humiliate them whenever they want to?
yes?
No Maheen, I didn't know all this
and if I would have known this, then I would have never let it happen
why didn't you tell me this?
how can mom say such things?
because of Zara & Zaini
will your mother keep taunting me like this, Usama?
when her taunts will end?
here is your tea
you've brought for me, but where is your tea?
No...
I don't feel like
what's the matter, your mood seems a bit off since you've talked to Maheen
is everything fine?
I was thinking, until when we'll keep hiding our faces from the people?
its good, Sarwat
that they have stopped us to come over there
we would have felt embarrassed if we would have gone there
we would have felt embarrassed, even if we hadn't gone there
but this is not the right way, Mr. Manzoor
was it good for her to stop us in this manner? Does it look good?
anyways, sometimes..
we should ignore a few matters
really?
So, will you be able to ignore Zara & Saad's injustices with time?
mom, what was the need for you to say all this?
how will I face uncle & aunty now?
so what's the need for you to answer them?
their daughters are like that
and why shall we get defamed because of them?
mom, talk in a low tone. Maheen will hear us
she can hear if she want to
I didn't wanted anything inappropriate to happen in my daughter's engagement. That's why I didn't invited them
and I don't regret about it
and don't favor your in-laws too much in front of me
they are you sisters! if you don't care about them then who else will?
go & sleep now, its quite late night
where is your lover?
its been an entire month, I didn't see him visiting you
what if he got to know about your reality
to hell with him even if he got to know. I am not scared of anyone!
I will be upset upon the fact, that I am left empty handed
Why? Did you call him?
I had called him many times, but his number is switched off
but you used to say that he will give away his life for you
will you give your life for any man if he will ask you to?
No, right?
Nobody gives away their life for anyone
all of these are bookish words
leave him! if you cannot grab him then shall we find someone else?
by the way, I have one. If you say so then shall I fix your meeting with him?
absolutely! tell me who is he?
actually..
who can it be at this hour?
Wait, let me check
who is it?
Adnan
Adnan has come
such a long life he has...
let it be. He will doubt if he sees you here
do one thing, go from the back door. And listen!
follow the plan strictly, ok?
be quick
oho...
what happen?
oh!
Jamila, at least tell me what happened?
You came after so many days to check on me
what if something would have happened to me?
God forbid, but nothing happened. At least tell me why are you crying?
I had told you that I have to sell this house
yes so?
but now I cannot sell this house
why?
my mother's step brother has threatened me
he said, if I won't give half of the money to him after selling this house
then he will kill me
how can he kill you like this? 
Are we following the jungle's rules?
tell me his name & address, let me see. I have deal with so many people like him. Tell me
No Adnan, you don't know him
They are very dangerous & powerful people. You won't be able to compete them
then what shall I do?
Shall I leave you to die?
means, I shall die?
ok then, let me die
as it is whom do I have in this world for whom I shall live
even you came to see me after a month. What difference does it make to you?
what will I do Jamila if something happened to you?
then save me, Adnan
I want to spend my entire life with you
it will happen this way. 
Try to offer some other deal to your mom's cousin
He gave me an offer
what?
he said, whatever the value is of this house as per date
if I give some jewelry or half of the amount to him accordingly then he will spare me
then?
what I could have said?
neither I have the jewelry or amount
if I only have something, then its the documents of this house
if anyone can lend me the jewelry & amount after keeping the papers as mortgage
maybe my problem will be solved
nobody will give even a glass of water to this single woman
and here we are talking about million of rupees
what shall I do?
oh Jamila, at least don't cry for God sake. Let me think something
please don't cry, let me do something
don't cry, I cannot see you crying
yes Asfa, greetings!
I wanted to discuss an important matter with you
if the matter is related to Zara, then we don't have any interest in her
don't talk anything about her
if the matter had been only about Zara, then I would have never called you
but the matter is about your son & my daughter
and I think, you might have not turned your face against your son
what do you mean, I didn't get what you are trying to say
As per Ali's condition, we have fulfilled our promise
but you guys haven't contacted us as of yet
yes yes... you are right
actually we got so busy that we couldn't think about it
really! but I thought your child is the most precious thing to you
anyways, I am not interested in beating about the bush
I just wanted to ask you, when are you coming for the wedding procession to my house with your son?
Asfa, we haven't decided anything as of yet
then think about it
anyways, whether you accept it or not but Zara is your bloodline
and when blood relations get hurt
then the parents gets hurt the most
what are you trying to say? Say it clearly
I want to say, bring your son's wedding procession to my house
otherwise, I will depart your daughter from here
if my daughter cannot live a happy married life, then your daughter also doesn't have a right to stay married happily
I will wait for your answer, bye!
Zara won't go anywhere
are you guys listening? 
Zara will not go anywhere, She is my wife
and if you guys uttered a single word against Zara then I will leave this house
and Zara will go with me
mom, with whom you were talking?
when did you come?
I am asking you, with whom you were talking? Who was on the call?
I had called sister Sarwat
why?
what do you mean why?
your sister is in a bad condition while crying continuously
can't you see her? For what you are punishing her?
mom, is this the time to discuss such things?
and they...
Enough is enough!
I have become deaf by hearing it
if this girl's character is not good then why shall my daughter..
Mom...
don't you dare, Saad
will you talk in such a high tone in front of your mother?
mom, Zara is not characterless
Your mother-in-law was absolutely correct!
that in whichever house you'll go, you'll ruin the peace of that house
you've completely changed since the day this girl came in this house
mom, for God sake don't say such things
wow brother!
today you've crossed all the limits
people say it right
One dirty fish spoils the whole pond
Dolly!
why?
why are you quiet now? Speak up
please stop it. Aunty, you don't need to fight because of me
aunty, I will go away from here. Please don't fight because of me
Zara, I am talking
then go away! For God sake go away from here
a wretched girl like you should leave
Zara won't go anywhere
are you guys listening? 
Zara will not go anywhere, She is my wife
and if you guys uttered a single word against Zara then I will leave this house
and Zara will go with me
and if you want to wed off Dolly, then do it
I will fulfill my duty as a brother, as well as a son
I will fulfill everyone's right
also of a husband too
drink water
I don't want
drink some
how much you'll tolerate because of me, Saad?
whatever mom said to you was wrong
she shouldn't have said this
it doesn't make any difference to me now
but I cannot tolerate wrong words
wrong?
there is no differentiation between right or wrong anymore
its too late now, Saad
and I have accepted this reality
that our life's decision is not in our hands
what are you trying to say?
don't spoil the rest of your relations because of me
and what about the relation we have?
whether we don't accept this reality or relation with our heart
but we cannot deny this reality that you are my wife
and I don't do dishonesty in relations
and you know it very well
some relations...
die after getting under the burden of pressure
and our relation
our relation is very weak
because of this weak & delicate relation
don't spoil the rest of your relations, please
mom, did you call me?
yes, sit down. I want to discuss something important with you
yes mom, even I want to discuss something important with you
yes tell me
mom, I have decided this after thinking so much that...
I am setting Dolly free from this relation
what!
what are you saying?
Are you in your senses?
I am saying the right thing, mom
I cannot see Zaini in pain
if Dolly will come to this house, it means Saad will also keep visiting this house
Zaini had to face him
which I don't want
really?
and by doing this all the problems will be solved?
maybe
neither we make relations or break them on the basis of maybe
and why will we punish Dolly?
remember one thing
today, if we'll do wrong with someone's daughter then our daughters won't live in peace as well
If we can save the relations by keeping our ego & anger aside. 
then we should handle the matter with patience & tolerance
instead of running away from the situation & problems like cowards
I won't allow you to do this
but mom, what about Zaini?
Zaini is very brave & courageous girl
she is my daughter, I will handle her
Zaini is not so weak that she will get shattered by some storm
she is my daughter, & I know her
I am here if something happens, I will handle her
we have decided
soon we'll take your wedding procession there
today for the first time in my life my son has talked to me in this tone
mom, why are you hurting yourself?
what are you hoping now?
brother has changed
he is only Zara's husband now
he isn't your son or my brother
what wrong have I said?
what wrong have I said?
I just wanted you to get married & go to your husband's house
and I have said the same thing to Zara
but she didn't do anything
somebody had to take an initiative, so I did
did you get any answer?
No... I don't think so that you'll get an answer
God forbid Dolly, why are you saying such things?
will my fate become good by talking good?
already I didn't had a father
I just had one brother & now...
mom
mom, I want to apologize to you
forgive me
and Dolly
I'm sorry
on whom's order you've come to apologize?
of no one
you know, nobody can dictate me anything
but I didn't like to misbehave with you guys
Saad, you have changed quite a lot within a few days
so much?
I haven't changed
I am your same old son, Saad
the only difference is that
both of you are blind folded
its sister Sarwat's call
hello!
yes
what happen, mom?
what was she saying?
she said that they will bring the wedding procession day after tomorrow
really?
yes... they are bringing wedding procession
really?
yes
mom
my child.. 
thank God!
God is great
don't worry
I have talked to mom & Dolly
they have agreed
how did you convince them?
I haven't convinced them, they got a call from your family
from my house? Who called?
aunty had called
they have decided day after tomorrow for the wedding
so my parents have agreed?
yes
its such a good news
did anyone ask about me?
they haven't discussed anything in front of me
fix your mood now
I am fine
I am so happy for Dolly from my heart
I know
why are you quiet?
just like that
everything has changed a lot, right Zara?
earlier, we used to share every matter so easily with each other
now even after staying under one roof
we are living like two strangers
we were friends earlier as well, Zara
then why such a big gap came in between us?
can't we be friends like before?
I need my friend, Zara
please
please, return my friend to me
return my friend
please
will you return her to me?
thank you!