did you get the job?
 yes mom, my job is confirmed
oh my dear, I knew it
mom you! 
why are you sleeping on the sofa?
mom, just like that.
sister, whatever you are doing is not right 
what am I doing? 
sister, that guy is not right for you. Stay away from him
as if you know a lot about guys! Have you done PhD in it?
Sorry, I had asked for a car from my friend. But it couldn't be arranged
else, I wouldn't have brought you on the bike in such a hot weather
Its ok Saad, at least our work is done
Indeed! Shall we sit somewhere & have lunch?
No, lets go home as Dolly is also there
I had already prepared the lunch before coming here, so we'll have lunch with her
but at lease we can have an ice-cream. Right?
Please don't say no
Okay
hey Saad! you are here
Ejaz you!
how are you?
I am fine..
I came for some office work, but you didn't come to office today
No, actually I had some work here
Okay
and who is she?
She is my wife Zara
seriously?
Greetings!
Greetings! How are you, sister?
shall we meet tomorrow at the office?
okay
Manzoor
yes
you are sitting here! And Maheen is asking about you since so long
actually I am waiting for Zaini, as its her time to come back home
when did she come?
She came early morning, as soon as you left for work
Ok
what's the matter, why do you look worried to me?
Its just that I am feeling a bit anxious
for what you are worried?
did something happened outside?
I saw Zara
you saw Zara?
where?
with Saad
both seem quite happy
Sarwat, doesn't she miss us?
can a child forget her parents?
whether they miss us or not, but at least they shall stay happy together. That's it
children can forget their parents..
but parents can never forget their children
I did her brought up in these hands, she grew up here. And she..
why are you worrying yourself?
if she would have realized her mistake a bit, then she would have come to apologize to us
parents are always ready to forgive the biggest mistake of their children
but she didn't come
neither she came nor she had apologized
it means that..
She & Saad were already involved with each other
So, when she doesn't care about you or us. Then why are you worried about her?
yes
I am missing you so much, dad
please forgive me
meet me once, dad
I want to cry while hugging you
I want to tell you the truth
please talk to me, dad
Sir, may I come in?
yes
Sir, I was asked to check this. Please have a look at it once
Miss...
Zaini
Miss Zaini, its 6 PM and you are still in the office?
actually sir Rashid told me that you want this file urgently that's why
our office timings are 9am to 5pm
and our company doesn't allow late sitting to the female staff
so please be careful next time
yes sir, I will be careful next time
Okay, you may go I will check it
thank you, sir
why do you come in front of me again & again, Zaini?
I want to forget you
I want to remove you from my mind & heart
your mistrust has made me so weak & helpless, Zaini
that I am afraid of trusting someone else
I fear, what if she also leaves me the way you had left me
Saad
are you still awake?
yes, I was doing some work
you haven't slept as of yet?
I am not feeling sleepy
did someone said something?
then?
Saad, do you know
today was the date when Adeel had expressed his feelings to me for the very first time
and you came to me while crying
do you remember that?
yes
I was afraid
I couldn't understand how to tell Adeel
that I also like him
and then you had helped me
I do remember
also you had helped me too
do you remember, how Zaini used to mind
whenever I..
he used to love you so much
sometimes I used to feel so jealous by seeing you both
that how can anyone love someone so much
and when you got married
the way Adeel had supported you, I used to feel proud of you both
both of you had such a strong relation
how hard Mahi & aunt Fareeda had tried
but they couldn't harm your relation
this is the power of love, Zara
no matter how strong or dangerous a storm is
if one is holding the hand of its partner strongly
then we don't leave the hand by getting worried
Saad, if I had an idea
that mine & Adeel's companionship is of a few days
then I would have never let him stay away from me
Zara, life & death is not in our control
today I saw dad after so many days
but he didn't talk to me
Saad, am I so bad that my father doesn't want to meet me or talk to me?
nobody had talked to me even at my brother's wedding
and mom
mom didn't even looked at me
everything will be fine
when everyone will get to know the truth
then everything will be like previous times, Zara
what if it couldn't be fine, then?
won't I ever be able to go to my house?
take this
give this to your mom's step brother
get this house transferred on your name, and after that..
you & I will live together in this house
what is this?
a lot of jewelry!
did you rob someone?
I haven't done robbery, its my wife's jewelry
wife's?
did you gave her all this?
how can I!
She got them made secretly from me, and a few of them are of her granny's. What do you call them family jewelry
She had kept them safely in the locker, so I took them out & kept them safely with me
and as soon as I got the chance
I took them out & brought for you
you are so nice Adnan, you've ease all of my problems
I hope you don't doubt my love for you anymore, right?
never
then... bring the documents of your house
yes, I am bringing them right away
here you go
this house is yours now
what happened?
nothing, its ok
when I will come tomorrow then we'll go to get this house transferred on our name. Ok?
absolutely perfect! You can come tomorrow afternoon then we'll go
Okay
would you like to drink tea?
Congratulations bro, you got married & didn't even invited us
you have to give a party
Congratulation Saad
Congratulations...
thank you so much guys
so when are we meeting your wife?
soon
it won't work this way, not at all
now do one thing, invite her on behalf of us
alright, but what's the need to do all this?
its important for sure it is..
See, you consider us strangers but we consider you as our family
we will welcome our sister-in-law in a very nice manner, say what?
Sure, why not
Okay, I will make you meet her
so when are we meeting her?
I will let you know after asking her
but soon
lets go
do you want something, Dolly?
No no, what are you doing?
I am doing preparations for the dinner
I am making vegetables, but if you want to eat something else then I will make it
No no, if I want to eat something then I will prepare it myself
Dolly
does anyone misses me in that house?
does mom & dad take my name?
they don't even discuss you over there
they might miss you but they have never talked about it in front of me
Zaini?
is Zaini fine?
Zaini is fine, she has started a job
she doesn't talk to me properly now
we aren't friends like before
it must be brother, let me see
Greetings!
Greetings!
brother, what have you brought?
my office colleagues have give these
when they got to know that I got married, so gave me a surprise today
Great! your office colleagues are very nice
Also they have invited Zara & I for the dinner tomorrow
its such a good thing
let me serve the dinner
brother, give it me let me keep it
take it
what is this?
these are a few pictures of the guys
show them to Mahi & ask her to choose one
what's wrong with you?
you bring anything..
means, anyone will give you the pictures on the way & you'll bring them home!
what's wrong?
Do you think, I will bring the pictures from anyone for my daughter?
I have an acquaintance
his wife is a marriage broker, she sent these pictures
why have you brought them?
I have told you many times to fix Mahi's marriage somewhere
but you don't care about it at all
so obviously I have to do something
I want to get relieved of my responsibilities
and if I am doing something, then you are having an objection on it
Enough! I've seen enough of your efforts
I don't want to ruin my daughter's life upon your orders, its decided
Mahi has ruined her life with her own hands
whatever it is, anyways..
I will never fix her marriage now upon your orders
do you have any guy in mind?
No
then don't argue!
show these pictures to her
and ask her
Saad, give it to me. I will do it
I will do it
it will be evening by the time you will do, give it to me
which button is it?
this one
its done
anything else?
oh God mom, you are showing me the pictures of which hooligans?
I don't want to marry anyone among them
so with whom you want to get married?
You never like anyone
I will like someone, just wait
what's wrong with you Mahi?
I think, your brain got affected very badly since your marriage was called off
you won't understand
and don't ever talk to me about my past relation
he wasn't suitable for me
what!
what are you talking!
listen... so much of arrogance isn't good though
you don't understand me, mom
I will find such a guy that the entire world will be envious
Fine, I pray it happens this way
May your dream come true this time
the limit
they are so nice guys..
enough! stop it, I don't want to see these guys
when is Ali coming back?
brother, he has gone to attend a two day's seminar. If God wills, he will be back by day after tomorrow
mom, I am thinking to stay here today with you
brother, please drop me tomorrow while going to your office
so dear, at least call & ask sister Sarwat. What if she have some important work
if she have then you may go, its ok I will manage. After all, its a matter of a few hours only
I will stay with you
Saad, do one thing. Go to your friends alone, as aunt will be alone at home so I should stay with her
what are you saying, dear?
its the first chance after your marriage that both of you shall go together
they have invited you with so much of love
and Saad, dear take Zara to the market. Get her some new dress
they should feel that you guys are newly wedded
mom is absolutely correct, sister
you should go with brother, I will stay with mom
its Ali's call, I am coming
yes, greetings!
Aunty, what is the need for new clothes?
 I already have some, I will wear something from it
mom, Zara is right
As it is, I have to go today. I won't be able to take her to the market, I will get late
I am leaving now
Saad... sit down
you cannot run away from your responsibilities like this
Zara is your wife! And its your duty to fulfill her needs
mom, I haven't refused
then dear, what is this spectacle?
what is this drama?
I know you guys have suffered a lot
it takes time for everything to get fixed
both of you should understand each other, you should give your relation some time dear
Zara, the way you have handle this house's responsibility as soon as you came in
now Saad's responsibility is yours as well
and Saad, you should also take very good care of Zara
dear, I want to see happiness in this house once again
I want to see both of you growing happily together
we only live once
and don't lose the chance of being happy in your life in this manner
don't end your life by putting each other into the trial, dear
move ahead with your life
and give chance to each other
are you understanding my point?
and Saad, quickly come back from your office & take Zara to the market
Ok mom
Fahad, my mom & dad are forcing me a lot
please talk to your family
I have already talked to my mom
she wants to meet you
really! 
yes yes
I showed her your pictures
she liked you a lot
so why didn't you tell me?
I wanted to see the happiness on your face
now tell me, when are you coming to meet me?
I?
come can I, Fahad?
come on, you had promised me
that if I will talk to my mom about you then you will come to meet me
yes, I had said that but.. .
isn't it possible for you to bring your mom here?
yes, it can be
but think...
if we didn't listen to my mom right now then she'll think that we are ignoring her
what if she gets upset then?
Look, I listen to my mom.
now if she rejects this proposal after getting upset then think...
I am understanding it but don't know why I am feeling weird, Fahad
Come on, its 2024
you are thinking this way even in this era?
I will come to pick you
and you have to come with me
Okay
All praise to God, you are looking so beautiful
this dress suits you a lot
she is looking so pretty, this dress suits her a lot
may God always keep you both happy like this
Ameen, mom
Zara, shall we go?
Bye!
Bye, go dear
bye!
he was Aqib
oh God, what shall I do?
should I tell sister Mahi?
No...
if I will tell her then she will not let me go to the university
what shall I do?
oh God, please save me from getting into any trouble