 I had my exam today.
I couldn't write anything.
 What could I write?
 I lost answers to all questions.
what's the harm in being friends with me? Tell me
See Saad is your friend and you're so frank with him. You laugh with him and hold his hand.
Be my friend as well...
The way you mind me questioning you or mom's concern..
I do feel bad in exactly the same way.
When you come here for Zara and not for me.
Zaini, Zara is my friend
and I'll not here a word against her.
what's the matter, haven't your prayers gone quite long today?
when one feels like talking to God, then he doesn't realize the time
true that
there is no doubt in it
what's the matter, you seem worried to me
No
its been so many years to our marriage, that I can tell when you are worried after seeing a single frown on your forehead
this is the beauty of the relation of a husband & wife
I wish that everyone gets a husband like you
what is it? Why are you laughing?
my thinking is almost like yours
even you are so important & special for me
Ok then tell me, what's the problem?
I am worried about my daughters
specially for Zara
wherever I go, people start asking me various questions
about what?
about Zara
wherever I go, people start asking me questions related to Zara
I've grown tired of answering people
but why you had never told me all this?
what I could have told you? You must have got worried
Mr. Manzoor, daughters are some kind of a trial
the parents heart stay worried for them even if they get married and...
if they come back to their parents house then..
you are right
there are problems but I am quite worried about Zara
and I wanted to say to you that..
we have 2 other daughters as well besides Zara
We have to think equally about everyone
even Zaini needs us
Zaini?
don't you think that we are ignoring Zaini?
No No, I don't think so
I don't keep any difference in all the three, I consider them equal
yes, I know you have never differentiated between them but...
we get so caught up in Maheen & Zara's worries that..
we hardly give any attention towards Zaini
I am a mother, Mr. Manzoor
I have just felt that way
I was worried about Zara, but now you have..
made me more worried by talking about Zaini
No...
I will speak to Zaini
all of my daughters are my life
all of them are equal for me
I will talk to her
I will convince her
she won't have any issue in her heart
how is this possible?
I will not let her go there at any cost, I am telling you
Listen, she is my daughter as well
and whatever is better for her, I will do that
yes, even I am her mother
I won't let you fulfill your desire in every matter or so
Adeel always used to stay worried because of your such antics
why are you bringing Adeel in between?
I will bring him in between!
because I couldn't give him any happiness due to this attitude of yours
but now I won't repeat that mistake
my daughter wants to study, and she will study as much as she wants to
but you never did any such thing for me, dad
listen, if you also wanted to study then I would have fulfilled your this desire as well
but you had refused yourself that you don't want to study further
you did what you want & now its her desire to study further
so let her study
agreed!
I agree that I had left the studies myself
but mom had always taught me that a girl should know how to manage a household
girls only work is to handle the house
I agreed with mom & left my studies
I took the responsibility of the entire household on my head
Mirha should also do the same, she should listen to mom
listen, there is a lot of difference in your mother's thinking & my thinking
so, I haven't said something strange though
its our family's tradition that once a girl grew up then she should get married & take care of her house
instead of making her do the job & enjoy on her earning
such daughters cannot manage their married life & family
I don't want people to make such gossips about my daughter
Listen, I don't care what people say
let them say whatever they want to
my daughter wants to study & she will do higher studies
and I won't tolerate your interference in it. Got it?
Mirha, gather your documents. We'll go to get the form in the morning
thank you, dad
you're welcome!
what happened brother, aren't you in a mood to work today?
No, I am not feeling well
then go home, as it is its off time
I am going in a while
Okay, do leave on time. 
I am leaving, bye!
bye!
Saad, I've thought quite hard
that what is lacking in our relation
and I've come to a conclusion that if something is missing between us then its love
Saad, I have decided
when we don't have love in between us, then what we will do of this hollow relationship?
we should get separated, Saad
let me end this engagement
are you in your senses, Zaini?
What are you saying?
I shall break the engagement? Are you in your senses?
I'm coming to meet you right away and you won't talk about it with anyone, Zaini
I'm coming to see you
what are you saying? He has his eyes on your house?
yes! he was asking for my house file
he was saying that I will help you in selling your house
don't do this mistake, don't give him your house file
do you think I am mad? My name is Jamila
and its my work to make people fool
yes sister, you are right. You've fixed really bad people
he is such a coward, do you know what he was saying?
when I asked him to divorce his wife, leave her
he said, "I cannot leave her, poor woman... where will she go"?
this is what he was saying to me, coward!
ok leave it, now tell me what you've decided next?
I've a very nice planning for the future
oho...
here, you are getting his call
let it be, may he go to hell!
let him swerve for sometime while waiting for me
ok then, drink the juice its getting warm
you always make me drink the juice only, try to spend some more on me
what is it, why Jamila is not attending the phone
what now?
Adnan, you have gone from the house since morning & you haven't come as of yet. Where are you?
wherever I go or come back, should I inform you first?
what's the matter?
I am worried for you
don't worry about me, I'm fed up of it.
just come back home
what's the matter, is everything fine?
yes, everything is fine. Its just that I am feeling anxious
I am feeling so suffocated, just come back home
Ok get a grip on yourself, I am coming
okay fine, come quickly
she is feeling anxious
you've ordered very less dishes, what will happen by only 3?
my budget was only this much
yes but people will talk bad, they only come to enjoy food
so shall I look at my pocket or make people happy?
don't know what's wrong with you, you are always saying the same thing that you don't have money or so
what else shall I do?
look at the inflation
Ok enough! you were discussing the same thing in the house & again you are discussing it
Okay, leave this topic. Tell me, would you like to have an ice-cream?
Zaini, I am waiting outside your house
come quickly
Zara
Saad you!
what are you doing here?
nothing
I'm sitting here just like that
why are you here?
you had never asked me this question
then what had happened all of a sudden?
Nothing
everything is fine
what are you hiding from me?
why will I hide anything from you, Saad?
the way you are not attending my call
you've been crying since yesterday. What is all this, Zara?
you've come to meet Zaini, right?
She is inside
go meet her
Zara, look at me
and answer me what I have asked
what is your problem, Saad? Why are you after me?
Leave me & go inside
I won't go
I won't go, until you answer my question
why are you compelling me?
and you!
you are testing my patience
tell me
Saad..
Zara, we are friends. And I can feel your every emotion
even if you don't say anything, still I can feel that you are in pain
Zara, tell me what is the matter?
tell me without any hesitation, please
yesterday, mom had sent me inside the store to get the books
I went inside and..
did you inform Ali about the work that I had told you?
yes yes, I had told him. He must be coming in a while
he was on his way, when I had called him
here is your tea
Oh wow! you've brought the tea. I thought Zara will bring it
today, you can drink the tea prepared by me
I don't make that bad though
No dear, I mean you really make good tea its not like that
what are you thinking?
No, nothing I am just listening to your conversation
hmm... did you see? Today your mother is listening to us, not telling us off
really, when have I told you off?
I am just joking, why are you taking it to your heart?
I understand all of your jokes
where is Zara, call us as well. It seems so good that all of us are sitting here & talking
it will be good if she will come here as well. I think Ali is about to come
call your sister, dear
Ok
have you seen my phone anywhere. I forgot where I have kept it
No, it must be inside the kitchen. You might have kept it there while making tea
yes, let me check
call your sister
isn't Zara at home?
No, she is here
so why is she looking for her phone?
the find their hands empty without phones
oh God...
brother, I came from outside & I saw both of them
I tried to explain Saad that its the matter of the daughters of our family, don't do this
and he raised his hand on me because I was stopping him, brother
such a big thing had happened & you are still quiet?
Saad, talk softly what if someone hears it then...
do you have any idea that what you are hiding from everyone?
Saad, I don't want anyone to raise a finger on my character once again
and this way, you are giving another chance to that vile man
I cannot do anything, Saad. Even if I want to
I am with you, your family is with you
your family is with you, you are not alone
I've already experienced pain from my loved ones once
I cannot bear it again
who will believe me?
do you think anyone will believe me? Nobody will listen to me
nobody will believe me, only you think that they'll listen to me
Zara, you've gone mad
why nobody will listen to you?
when I can listen to you & understand you, then won't you family will?
come with me right away, we'll tell the truth to everyone
come with me right now
we will not tell anything to anyone
we will go & tell everything right away
Saad, have you gone mad? We cannot tell this to anyone, nobody will listen to us
go inside, we'll go tell the truth to everyone
lets go!
hey Saad
when did you come?
how are you? Fine?
are you crying? there are tears in your eyes
what happened to you?
Saad!
how dare you!
Saad! leave him
mom... Saad leave him
brother Manzoor
brother Manzoor...
Saad, leave him
brother Manzoor
brother Manzoor!
are you fine?
Saad
what is this happening?
brother let me tell you, I came from outside
no brother, please forgive me I won't be able to say it
brother, I came from outside & I saw both of them
I tried to explain Saad that its the matter of the daughters of our family, don't do this
and he raised his hand on me because I was stopping him, brother
uncle he is lying, I won't leave him
Saad!
stop it!
uncle, I haven't done any such thing
he is lying
why will I lie?
brother, have I ever lied to you? Ever?
I knew everything but I was quiet, because our family's honor was attached to it
Zara is like my child, so I was explaining her. That's it!
what is this spectacle Saad?
aunty you..
even you won't believe me?
are you doubting me?
I had forbidden you that you will not come over to meet Zara
oh God, its been so long. Mahi, call your dad and Mirha and ask them why is it taking them so long to come back
I am not calling anyone, they will come back whenever they feel like
what is this? What as such has happened?
you are pretending as if you know nothing. You haven't understood that what had happened
the way dad had favored Mirha, do you know what will be the result of giving her so much of independence?
what do you mean, what she will do?
mom, now she will go to the university. Its a co education institute
she got involved with that guy in the college, when they used to study separately
don't know what next she will do after going there
Oh..
I haven't thought of it
what's the use of thinking about it now? You should have taken a firm stand at that time
that Mirha will not go to the university. You should have got her married
I had tried it though
is this what you call a try?
Ok fine, I will tell her. She won't do this mistake again, I will explain her
as if she will understand as per your explanation. I am the only one who is suffering in this house
oh God... who can make you suffer though?
what are you trying to say?
what else? You always did whatever you want to
we have never forced you for anything
because my antics weren't as such
Enough, leave it. Don't make me argue anymore
and listen, your father was asking me about your marriage
I don't want to marry
how come you won't marry? Make your mind, as I've said "yes" to him
as I said, I don't want to marry
what do you mean? Will you stay here in this house for lifetime?
Why, have I become a burden on you people? Can't you feed me twice a day?
oh God forgive me!
I cannot explain you
then don't explain me
you can never be quiet
you can also become quiet
Sarwat
had you forbidden Saad to meet Zara, why?
yes mom, what are you saying?
tell me
I had asked mom
what is this happening?
let me tell you, brother
until when poor Zaini would have suffered?
one day or the other she had to raise her voice for her right & Saad...
I already doubted Saad's intentions but I had never said anything
because the honor of this house was so precious to me, as this matter was attached to this family's honor
and if I would have said something, then nobody would have believed me. That's why I stayed quiet
uncle all of these are false stories
he is fooling you all & trying to trap both of us
uncle, I didn't come here to meet Zara but Zaini
Zaini, tell something to everyone
what poor Zaini will tell? She didn't get her right until date
brother, I knew it that Saad liked Zara & he come over to meet her. I had stopped him but...
even Zara had never stopped him. Brother, both of them are equally responsible in this crime
if you will utter a single word, I will break off your face!
Saad!
Ali...
what are you doing?
Ali!
Saad, tell me clearly why mom had forbidden you to come here?
Ali, what are you saying?
don't you believe me?
just answer me about what I am asking you
brother, what is wrong with you? Whatever Saad is saying is true
what relation I & Saad can have? He came to meet Zaini
whatever is happening is because of him, Tell everyone!
Zaini
tell us the level of truth in whatever Adnan is telling
speak up Zaini
yes Zaini, speak up
tell us
Zaini!
brother...
Manzoor!
dad...
Manzoor
take him inside, dad..
dad please listen to me once
both of us are innocent, we haven't done anything
No dear
you guys have disappointed me a lot
dad, whatever he is saying is a lie. At least you can listen to me for once
tell me whatever you want to say
whatever he had said, its nothing like that. Saad haven't done any such thing
he did everything
mom, you had sent me to the storeroom to get the books right?
When I had gone inside, he came after me
he came inside & hold my hand. I tried to call you mom but he...
Zara Zara... why are you lying? Why are you putting false allegation on me?
I consider you as my children
you are putting such a vile allegation on me in order to save yourself & Saad. Oh God!
why didn't I die before hearing this, Oh God...
uncle, Zara is absolutely correct. There is nothing between us except for friendship
agree now, just agree now that you love Zara
stop your rubbish!
do you have any proof?
proof?
brother, I knew this matter since beginning but I have never opened my mouth
because I knew it, that whenever I will talk on this matter. They will ask me for a proof
and when I won't have a proof then I will be blamed
I already had a doubt on Saad
I wanted to tell you many times to stop his frequent visits in this house but..
I don't worth it, I am just a tenant
your distant relative, therefore I used to stay quiet
go somewhere else to do your dramas, nobody will believe you here
and I know how vile & disgusting man you are. Will you respect women?
oh brother, wait a second
brother Manzoor, do you also think that I am wrong?
Saad
what proof do you have that whatever Adnan is saying is wrong?
do you have any proof?
do you have any reasoning?
I have the same question from you, Adnan
what proof do you have which can prove that you are telling the truth
brother, I wanted to discuss this matter with you so many times
but I couldn't gather the courage because I know nobody is going to believe me
that's why, today I am compelled to show something to everyone
look at this, brother
I had these pictures since beginning, but I never used to show them to anyone
because I was sure that nobody is going to believe me
brother... your honor is so dear to me
this family's honor is very dear to me
I never wanted you or sister to get insulted in front of the entire world
that's why I hid this matter from you guys until date
yes, I made a mistake that
I took too long to tell this matter to you
for that I apologize to you, please forgive me brother
you also, sister
such a big fraud
Ali..
Ali I haven't betrayed anyone
Zaini, at least you should say something!
tell everyone that its not the truth
say something
why Saad?
why you did this?
what do you mean that you won' marry? Will you stay here in this house for lifetime?
Why, have I become a burden on you people? Can't you feed me twice a day?
oh God, its so difficult to explain you anything
Greetings!*
Greetings!*
what was Mahi saying?
Mahi? Actually we were waiting for you
so we were just talking, nothing else
is her admission done?
yes, her admission is done
thank God
shall I serve dinner for you?
Okay
Mirha
congratulations that you've succeeded in your motive
sister, I am not studying to take revenge from you or to signify you
I am studying because its my hobby
and I've learnt from my past mistakes that only education teaches you the difference between right & wrong
you've got the sense quite early
I got it, you should also get it now
you..
mom, I want to tell you something
what do you want to tell mom?
what's wrong, now tell me
mom, you were worried about the university's environment
So Sadaf also took admission in my university, so don't worry she will be with me
thank God its good, both of you will go together & come back together. Now I am relieved
did you hear?
are you satisfied?
you've made me crazy since morning
let me go & freshen up
ok
let me set the food
ok
she is trying to black mail me
me?
silly!
she is flying so high
I have to do something
otherwise, she will keep on annoying me like this
No
I won't give this chance to anyone to control me
to control Mahi
I have to do something, but what?
this will be fine
I have to kill her emotionally
so that her mouth shall stay shut & my work shall also be done
otherwise, only I will be at loss by doing strictness
this is fine