I used to tell Saad to stay away from Zara, as I don't like it
but he didn't listen to me at all, mom 
Saad never loved me Saad, mom 
He had always loved Zara
if you had to marry this guy then why did you get married to my son?
why you did a false drama of love with him? Why you did false promises? 
tell me
aunty please believe me I've done nothing. 
even today I love Adeel. I haven't done anything
Zara wanted to meet you
but I don't want to meet her
 she is our bloodline, Mr. Manzoor
this is the reason I am disappointed
that how can my bloodline be so dirty?
Mahi, how much time will you take more?
only 5 minutes, mom
be quick, your father had asked almost twice
what's wrong mom? I have only 2 hands, I cannot work more quickly than this
if you'll use your tongue a bit less then you'll be able to work quickly
here, its done. Take it with you
Listen, since you've prepared the breakfast so go & serve it to your father. Ok?
if he asks about me then tell him that I am working in the kitchen & very busy
what's wrong? Why are you hiding from dad?
what's wrong? What if your aunt calls your father & tell him that we had visited them yesterday
so the way your father will treat us then, you'll get to know that!
oh God mom, you are so afraid of him though!
when you've already jumped into the battlefield then there is no use of sitting like a coward
you should stay firm & compete
Enough! Go & tell such big things to someone else. I am feeling afraid
don't know why did I go there upon your words
don't know why are you being afraid
dad won't call her, nor aunt will call him
What?
how can you be so sure?
whatever we did with aunt, she wouldn't have come out of the grief as of yet
yes...
she got so much insulted though
and of that guy too
did you see, how he was showing his eyes
I felt like scratching off his eyes
we have ruined that poor guy's honor, at least let his eyes be with him
Poor... to hell with such poor people. May God save us from such poor people
Okay pick it up & serve him
I am taking out the tea, please go & take this to him
I am not taking it there, you shall serve him
let me make the tea, then I will let you know. You can come outside & take it from me
make my breakfast too, I will have an omelet
Ok ok, go..
what if our secret gets exposed
Adnan
yes brother?
are you going somewhere?
yes, I am going out to do some work
what happen, are you fine?
yes, its fine
go, you must be getting later
No, its not that important. Actually Shaista has asked me to bring a few things. So I will bring them in a while, you tell me
nothing just...
I wanted to apologize to you
that you have to face a lot of humiliation because of my children
oh brother Manzoor, why are you embarrassing me.
 Don't worry, you will forget this after a few days
I can't
brother, you have to forget it
after all, you have to bring that family's daughter in your house as your daughter-in-law. So you have to face them as well
Its my compulsion, Adnan
I don't want to give the punishment of the wrong doings of both of them to that poor girl
that girl shouldn't get the punishment though, the entire fault is of Saad. So he should be punished
I know all of this is done by him
you should have told me all of this prior
brother, how could I have told this? He was the to-be son-in-law of this family
I could have done something at that time
I could have saved my Zaini from that guy
yes, honestly a lot of injustice is done with Zaini
but don't worry, everything will be fine
but still, please forgive me because you've been insulted a lot in my house
brother, you are embarrassing me. You have always supported me in my bad times
now let me give a chance to serve you as well
you come to put salve on my wounds even after so much of disgrace
may God bless you with long life
go, we'll talk later
don't worry
Saad has gone to this office today without having breakfast?
yes mom
so dear, you should have stopped him
I had tried mom, but he left before I could complete my sentence
my child...
he didn't had anything since past 2 days
today is first day of Zara's wedding
I had quite a lot of desires, that I will do my son's wedding with complete pageantry
but all the desires have gone in vain
you are hurting yourself, mom
try to forget all this
Yes... you are right
Okay, did you speak to Ali?
No... and I won't talk to him
why?
mom, why shall I talk to him? He can also talk to me
dear, what's wrong? He is your husband
talk to him, try to appease him
I won't appease him
he did a mistake so he should come to appease me
Dolly, why are you making it a matter of your ego?
mom, what else I should do?
its not my mistake
if I will wed off from this house then only on one condition. 
They shall come here & apologize to us
otherwise, I am very happy here mom
everything got ruined because of me
everyone's life got disturbed because of me
Saad & Zaini's relation also broke because of me
and now
Dolly & brother Ali's relation also got spoiled because of me
what shall I do, God?
how shall I fix everything?
mom... I am going to my house as I have to do the engagement preparations
and I cannot ask Usama to stay here anymore
He is asking me to go back home since so long
yes, Okay dear. Go & take care of your home
there must be a lot of work pending
after all, its a wedding house
mom
I want to discuss something important with you
Zaini's condition is in front of you
now don't say anything in front of us due to which she becomes more worried
true that
Okay
I will take care of it
Ok but where is Ali? I can't see him. I've been looking for him since so long
he has gone to his office dear, he wasn't ready to go
Your father had explained him a lot, then he went
by the way mom, don't you think that you people shall think once before bringing Dolly to our house after her wedding?
I mean... Zaini, Zara & Saad will face each other once again
and Zaini's mental condition is in front of you. She is already quite distressed
She won't be able to tolerate it
dear, your father & I are here. We'll see what needs to be done
we will tell you as well
Ok?
Okay fine, I am leaving then. Bye!
let me come & meet Usama to say Good bye!
Okay
Zara
yes aunty?
until when you'll keep sitting inside the room? Come outside
I am fine here, aunty
you've been married now
it would be better for you to accept this reality as soon as possible
the way we have accepted
do you also think that I..
I don't want to hear anything else now
whatever happened at your house yesterday, it shouldn't have happened
but still, I came here to call you
because neither I have forgotten humanity nor favors
intentionally or unintentionally, you've become the daughter-in-law of this house
now we don't have any other option except for fulfilling this relation
but remember one thing, Zara
if my daughter's life got ruined because of you
then I won't let you stay in this house too
I will oust you immediately from here, got it?
it would be better for you to talk to your family
to take away Dolly from here after the wedding reception as soon as possible
because we have accepted your brother's condition. That's it!
Aunty, nobody wants to talk to me over there
even my son was innocent
he was saying it loudly that he did nothing, he is completely innocent
but your family didn't listen to him at all
they have already punished Saad for it
so now, will my daughter also bear all these pain because of you?
no aunty, what are you saying?
Fine! then talk to your family
to take away Dolly from here after the wedding reception as soon as possible
otherwise, it won't be good
Excuse me!
in what thoughts you are lost?
Come, lets go
what happened? You seem worried
I'm just tired
then lets go home, everyone has gone
has everyone left?
yes, everyone has gone. Only you are sitting in the office
I didn't realize about the time
you are talking like a lost lover
usually lovers wants to stay in this manner, totally cut off from this world
its not necessary
few of them had suffered due to their fate too
what do you mean?
No.. nothing!
do you intend to stay at office or you would like to go home?
you go, I am coming in just 2 minutes
quickly pack your stuff, I am waiting for you in the lobby
Ok I am coming
be quick
Greetings!*
mom told me that you didn't eat anything since morning
I am not hungry
I know the actual reason, please eat something
Zara, I know in what circumstances we got married
neither this relation is acceptable to you or to me
Saad, please forgive me
you had to bear so much because of me, you and Zaini...
it doesn't make any difference to me that what I did for whom
I have got to know the value of my words
It doesn't make any difference to me now
Saad, I promise you that I will fix everything
nothing is left to be fixed
Saad, I...
yes Zaini, hello?
hello!
Zaini, say something
what happened Saad, what is Zaini saying?
she isn't saying anything
make me speak to her
Zaini... Zaini, talk to me
she has cut the call
Saad...
not only you broke my heart
in fact, you've taken away the hope from me for staying alive
Saad, my life is incomplete without you
What will I do now by staying alive?
Saad, you have betrayed me. I will never forgive you for this
Saad, I am going away
I am going away from the lives of both of you
you will never see my face again, Saad
Zaini!
 Ali...
Manzoor
Come here & look at her
open your eyes, Zaini!
Call her, maybe she wanted to say something
Saad...
not only you broke my heart
in fact, you've taken away the hope from me for staying alive
Saad, my life is incomplete without you
What will I do now by staying alive?
Saad, you have betrayed me. I will never forgive you for this
Saad, I am going away
I am going away from the lives of both of you
you will never see my face again, Saad
Zara, what is she saying?
Saad, what is she saying?
Saad, call Zaini. Has she gone mad or what?
Why is she talking so silly, call her Saad
did she receive the phone?
Zaini, pick up the call!
Saad, call mom and leave Zaini. Just call mom
what will I tell your mom?
Tell mom to go to her
Zaini, you won't do any such thing. Just swear on my life that you won't do any such thing
Zaini
Saad, call mom or dad. Just call anyone
my phone?
Saad, call dad, Maheen... call someone & ask them to go to Zaini
what will we tell them?
tell them to go to Zaini, she will do something as she is talking silly
Zaini, pick up my call
Zaini!
haven't she gone mad?
Saad, call dad. I am asking you to call him & tell him to go to her
she has switched off her number
eat
what's the matter, Ali? You haven't started your dinner as of yet?
start eating
we have to go to Maheen's in-laws house tomorrow, as its Usama's sister's engagement ceremony
its obvious for us to go there, as its the matter of her in-laws
Okay
will you come along, Ali?
No mom, actually its important for someone to stay with Zaini
I will come back home directly from the office
Okay, as you wish
tell Zaini to come & have dinner with us
until when she'll keep hurting herself?
I had asked her, but she said that she is not hungry
at least, she can come & sit here if she is not hungry. She can have something whenever she feels like
at least she should come & sit here
bring her over
Okay, let me see what she says
Zaini..
your dad is calling you, he is saying come & have dinner
still come & sit on the table with everyone even if you don't want to eat
get up, what is this time to sleep?
also you've spread your belongings everywhere
get up!
Zaini
Zaini!
Zaini... open your eyes
Zaini
Zaini! Ali...
Manzoor
come here & look at her
open your eyes, Zaini!
oh my God!
Ali..
Saad
Saad, I want to go to Zaini. Please take me to her
Zara, control yourself
Saad, she is my sister. If she did anything to herself because of me then I will never be able to forgive myself for lifetime
I have to be with her
I had a word at the hospital, they took her there
so what are we doing here, Saad? We should be there with her. Please take me to her
Zara..
Saad, I do understand that its difficult for you and you don't want to go there
but she is my sister, please take me there
please Saad
for my sake
ok, lets go
is the groom's family here, Mirha?
what happen, why are you crying?
they have refused to come
what?
Ali... dear try to find out her condition
who is with patient Zaini?
yes, I am with her. She is my daughter
is there any man with you?
doctor, I am Ali. Zaini's elder brother
your sister's condition is very critical
She tried to commit suicide
we are trying our level best to save her
We cannot co-operate anymore, until the police comes & do their investigation
The police is here, and my daughter's father is talking to them
will my daughter be saved, doctor?
we cannot say anything right now. We are trying our best
doctor, have you guys started her treatment?
see, nothing shall happen to Zaini
can we meet Zaini?
No, I cannot allow you for this until she gets stabled
thank you!
mom, please control yourself
what had happened dear, what is this...
mom, please sit
control yourself & sit here
nothing will happen to Zaini, nothing!
we are with Zaini
don't worry
yes...
Saad, where are you taking her?
mom, I am going to the hospital
hospital! Why, what happened to her?
mom, nothing happened to her but Zaini..
what happened to Zaini?
mom, Zaini has gone mad. She had attempted suicide
shall we go?
yes...
ok mom, I am leaving
mom, where they have gone at this hour?
they have gone to the hospital
hello Ali, where are you? I've been calling you continuously but your number is coming to be busy
Dolly, if something happens to Zaini then I won't leave your brother!
and I will forget that what relation you & I have
Ali... 
Ali?
Ali!
what happened? is everything fine?
what did Ali said?
mom, Ali had made me realize my worth
what?
what did he said to you?
he was saying, if anything happened to Zaini then he will forget what relation he & I have
mom, what is my fault?
but why is he saying this?
I don't understand mom
after all, a sister has to bear the consequences of whichever mistakes her brother did
I have to give sacrifices
enough dear
be quiet, please don't cry
don't know whomsoever have to bear the consequences of his actions
even if Zaini has committed suicide then I haven't asked her to go & die
what is my fault that I have to bear all this?
control yourself dear, what's wrong with you?
No mom
its not my fault, mom
I don't deserve all this, I don't understand
I don't have any fault still they are taking revenge from me
you know I have always considered Zaini as my very good friend. I have always been her well wisher
even I am not liking it whatever injustices are happening with her
how can I think bad about her mom, but still... 
still nobody can see that
nobody can see that!
dear, whatever Ali had said. He must have said it in anger
Mom, so why am I being hanged on the gallows? Why I am being punished?
I was nowhere in all this
Dolly, get a grip on yourself & try to understand the delicacy of this time
this is not the right time to discuss such things
but mom... 
don't bring such things in your heart
you have to make Ali believe that you are with him
how can I make him believe it, mom?
how shall I do it? Didn't you see what he had said?
He had said it all in front of you
forget it dear, just forget it
No... 
I cannot forget it
Enough Dolly! Just forget these things & let it be
Ali has considered this relation so weak. Am I a joke?
am I a joke for Ali, mom?
everything will be fine once Zaini will be alright
even yours & Ali's relation will become fine
its very important for Ziani to become well. 
dear, I am saying the right thing
it will be very good for us if Zaini gets well
pray for her long & healthy life
don't know what that poor girl had suffered with that she took such a big step
but what was my fault mom.. 
what was my fault?
I have done nothing, mom
mom, I love Ali
enough, please don't cry
mom... 