For a father if his daughters become his weakness...
 then that is enough for a father to be buried alive.
If my sister can by punished then why not your sister?
That's what you said, right auntie?
 If your son could get away with destroying my sisters' lives...
then we will not take long in breaking this relationship.
You not only degraded your father, but also your family and proved...
that your father failed in carving out a diamond...
What I thought was a diamond was an ordinary stone
Zaini!
stay there
Zaini, listen to me
you won, Saad
and my love got defeated
Zaini, its nothing like that
I've been asking everyone to let me meet Zaini, but nobody is letting me
congratulations on your wedding
finally!
both of you are together
Zaini, at least listen to me
what else is left to be heard, Saad?
you always wanted this chance, right?
now see..
today you've got the permanent certificate of Zara's companionship
Zaini
you have deceived me
you have betrayed me, Saad
when you wanted to marry Zara then why you did engagement with me?
why you did false promises?
why you did false promises? Answer me!
Zaini, lets go from here
I don't want to go anywhere
them him to leave, I don't want to see his face
dad, tell him to go away from here
Maheen, take Zaini inside
please oust him from here
please control yourself, Zaini
enough dear! Please stop it
mom..
oust him from here, I don't want to see his face
Ok, I am sending him
I will send him off from here. You please go inside
Zaini, lets go
mom, he... why you did this to me?
I am your sister, right?
and you used to call me your best friend
No
Saad is your best friend, right?
both of you played a game with me
I was your own sister, right?
Zaini, control yourself...
mom, she used to call me her friend
No, you used to consider Saad as your friend. Both of them played game with me!
both of them have betrayed me!
Zaini, lets go from here..
mom, do you know
I used to tell Saad to stay away from Zara, as I don't like it
but he didn't listen to me at all, mom
Saad never loved me Saad, mom
He had always loved Zara
mom... 
Enough!
not a single word
look at my daughter's condition, its because of both of you
go away! both of you shall go away from our lives for lifetime
Manzoor, send her off
oust her from this house
wed her off
oh God!
oh God... did you see Mahi?
she got married!
why did you come upstairs?
I came here just like that, what happened?
come, lets go downstairs
what will I do by going downstairs? She had to leave after the wedding so its done
now shall I go & drop them home?
she didn't go after the wedding
why? Did Saad refuse to take Zara with him?
God! don't know why do you think this way yourself? Why will he refuse?
he himself wanted to marry her
then tell me why the departure ritual didn't happen as of yet?
because a new drama has started downstairs
sister Fareeda & Mahi is here
they have come?
what do you mean?
I mean, why did they come here at this time?
how would I know Adnan, that why they've come?
I came upstairs to call you, lets go & check what the issue is
come quickly, hurry up
hello!
who is this speaking?
this is Adnan speaking
I didn't recognize, who Adnan?
hey Adnan, Adnan uncle!
oh! Adnan uncle?
from where did you get my number?
its not a very big deal to get the number nowadays
and dear, you are already like my children. So I can call you anytime
why did you call me, do you have any work for me?
yes, you can be of my work
what's the matter, why are you beating about the bush? Come to the point
this is problem of you girls, you are so impatient!
your sister-in-law Zara is exactly like you
she does everything very hastily
she did haste in getting married to your brother & now she is getting married to Saad hastily as well
Saad's marriage?
yes Zara is getting married to Saad, and today is their departure ritual
I don't know, tell me clearly
what? you don't know?
Oh, so sister didn't even tell you? I thought you guys are close relatives so she must have told you
but anyways, how come she would have told you?
anyways... Zara is getting married to Saad & today is their departure ritual
with Saad?
hello?
here you go...
the work is done
mom!
you took so long in coming
lets go & see
oh God, did you see Mahi? She got married in real
I used to say it earlier as well, but you never used to believe on my words
she never wanted to stay with us, in fact she was staying there forcefully
She wanted to get married to this guy after coming here
you are so shameless though, did you feel any shame or so?
at least you could have kept the honor of my son's demise
not only a few days have passed to his death
if you had to marry this guy then why did you get married to my son?
why you did a false drama of love with him? Why you did false promises?
tell me
aunty please believe me I've done nothing. even today I love Adeel. I haven't done anything
really?
the veil of innocence that you put on your face, it cannot hide the ugliness of character
didn't you feel ashamed while doing all this?
sister Fareeda
you shall keep your mouth shut, Sarwat
you used to talk so big, right?
you used to claim so big, that my daughters are like this.. my daughters are like that
then what is all this happening now?
yes? Why you've married your daughter with this guy secretly?
who told you this?
whoever told me, he did very well
otherwise, you guys wouldn't have given us a hint
your brother never gets tired of praising you
he always used to tell good stories about you, that my sister did great upbringing of her daughters
is this how you've done the brought up?
your one daughter had married the fiance of your other daughter
you guys should drown somewhere & die
mom you are absolutely correct, all of you should die
she was caught with that guy when she was there, still she didn't get peace so she did this with him. Oh God forgive me
Mahi, why are you interfering in this matter?
why? Why I shouldn't speak?
Oh! obviously you'll speak
because you are also characterless like your sister
Mahi, you are crossing your limits!
don't even try
Fareeda
Fareeda
Fareeda
Fareeda
Mahi
Mahi..
don't know where they have gone
you've raised your hand today, if you ever tried it again then I will break your arm
what is this drama going on?
Why aren't you guys leaving?
brother, its better for you to stay quiet
you should have kept a control on your daughters, I won't bear the insult every time
enough sister
for God sake please don't make a spectacle anymore
you have complaint against me that I haven't done the right brought up of my daughter, I agree
that I made a mistake, sister
but not anymore, sister
mom, please don't cry
are we making a drama?
wow wow! and whatever she did over there?
she got us defamed in the entire neighborhood, we cannot face anyone at all
what about that?
my daughter's marriage was called off because of this wretched girl 
and you are saying that I am creating a drama
wow wow!
sister Fareeda, whatever you want to talk about please sit & talk. This is not the right time to create a spectacle
you should stay quiet, sister
they have shut your mouth by feeding you a lot of money
that's why, you are standing here shamelessly although a lot had happened
and if this guy wasn't at fault then he wouldn't have married her ever
the limit!
I mean, so much of selfishness! That in order to achieve your motive you guys have sell off your concience
I understand the people of your nature very well
enough aunty!
not a single word
sister Asfa, please take Zara away from here
and don't get me more humiliated, please
wow brother wow! this is great. We are taking your daughter from here with complete respect
but we didn't know that we'll get so much insulted here
we have to pay a very hefty price
instead of asking them to leave, you are asking us to leave?
you guys have put very big false allegations on my son
but you'll see, one day you will be proved wrong & then I will ask both the families
brother, you have done so many favors on me
and I'm indebted to you, I cannot come out of it even if I want to
but you'll see
fear about that day when the truth will come in front of all
oh wow... wow, means a person shall learn how to do a drama about innocence
lets go mom, we already have to go very far
and now there is no point, as she has already got married
Okay
I am leaving, Sarwat
but always remember my words, your daughter will never stay happy
its a curse of a mother!
Its a mother's curse, this girl will swerve for happiness. She will never be happy. you'll see
lets go mom, please
mom, please control yourself
please get a grip on yourself
Zara wanted to meet you
but I don't want to meet her
she is our bloodline, Mr. Manzoor
This is the reason I am disappointed
that how can my bloodline be so dirty?
dad
yes dad?
yes Mirha, do you know where your mother & sister had gone?
No dad, why what happened?
dear, I came home but nobody is at home
nobody had called me as well, did they tell you where they are going?
dad, mom had asked me to stay at home due to a religious gathering
but I had an important class due to which I couldn't miss my university
that's fine dear, but I don't understand that where they have gone. Can you find out?
Ok let me ask Sadaf to call her mom & ask. Maybe, she has gone to her
Okay dear, do let me know whatever it is
Okay, bye!
Okay dear
weird people! At least they could have messaged me
what happened, Mirha?
dad was worried, please call your mom & ask
maybe my mother has gone there
come in
today on wards this is your room
you have to live in this room now
Mr. Manzoor
yes?
until when you'll keep sitting like this?
has everyone left?
yes, its been 2 hours now
everyone has gone
Okay
why you went inside?
I wasn't able to face the people
Zara wanted to meet you
but I don't want to meet her
she is our bloodline, Mr. Manzoor
this is the reason I am disappointed
that how can my bloodline be so dirty?
I haven't done this kind of her brought up
I had always loved her the most
and she broke my trust
she got me insulted in front of the entire world
and the guy whom I had trusted blindly
he had robbed my family
they say, a person gets betrayed the most from that person whom he trusts the most
you are right
absolutely correct!
I made a mistake in recognizing him
now sister Fareeda will tell this to each & every person
let her tell
tell her to inform everyone
what's left with us to hide now?
whatever respect we had earned in years, is ruined now
now whatever people say
our respect will not come back
also Zara will never step in this house ever
the doors of this house are closed for her forever
if any person of this family tried to meet her or talk to her
then nobody will be as bad as me
Greetings dad!
where were both of you?
actually we have gone for shopping
and our rickshaw broke on our way back, that's why we got late
was it the world's last rickshaw? that you couldn't get any other?
you could have taken another rickshaw and come back home
do you have an idea that how much Mirha & I was worried
yes, that's why we came after fixing everything
fix? What do you mean?
Means, it took a little bit of time to get the rickshaw fixed
also there was a signal problem else we would have called & inform you.
Correct!
really?
hey Mirha, are you back from university? Did you eat anything?
I couldn't remember to do anything in the tension of you both
I had also called Sadaf's mom to ask, whether you might have gone to her
why did you call her?
she might have told this in the entire neighborhood. Are we kids that we might have got lost?
don't know what she must be thinking
yes, what else?
ts nothing like that, in fact she was saying that maybe you guys have...
yes yes! actually she had told us about the sale. So mom & I had gone to see that
but your hands are empty
yes! actually we didn't like anything that's why we haven't bought
do one thing, lets go with us tomorrow maybe you like something. Right mom?
yes... this is a good idea
now leave this topic & get freshen up
and Mirha, please serve the dinner as its already very late
Ok
Okay then
I have sent her to his room with so much of difficulty
she never wanted to go inside
mom, now do you understand why I used to say that brother shouldn't visit there so frequently?
how would I know that they'll do all this with him?
and then Ali didn't do good as well
he shouldn't have said such a big thing from his mouth
mom, they have compelled brother to get married to her by taking advantage of this matter
don't know maybe this was written in my son's fate
No mom, nothing as such was written in brother's fate whatever is happening
they have removed the burden of their head, can't you see?
didn't you see, how aunt Fareeda was insulting Zara. It means she must have done something over there as well that's why they've sent her here
and what Zara did? She had blamed brother after coming here
what not brother did for Zara in his life?
I wasn't expecting this from Zara at all
she got me into a loss along with her
she has ruined her life, alongside she had made my life a living hell as well
and what Ali did?
as if Ali can't see me
did Ali said something? Did he took stand for me? No!
he was just standing there & looking at the spectacle
I can never forgive Zara
I can never forgive her
it seems as if Ali can't see me in front of his sisters. As if I don't exist
dear, what's done is done
now Zara is the daughter-in-law of this family, she has to live here
mom
Zara is not the daughter-in-law of this family
if you want to accept her as your daughter-in-law
you can
but Zara can never be my sister-in-law
the limit!
Dolly! At least listen to me
oh God, what shall I do?