how's Zara?
And how did it happen?
how would I know? When I went to the kitchen in the morning I saw Zara lying on the floor
I had told you to bring her to me
don't let her stay there in this condition, as they won't be able to take care of her
but you didn't listen to me, now see
did you see what oppression they did?
They took away the last hope of my daughter from her
what do you think? That you will roam around with some girl & nobody will get to know about it?
what rubbish you are uttering? What non-sense? Which girl?
rubbish?
you also know that I am not talking rubbish
mom
I think, we should postpone the wedding
and stay here for a few days with Zara
and then we'll take Zara along with us
No no... the doctor has strictly advised bed rest for Zara
I don't think so that we should take this risk
dad, also look that Zara had been through such a big incident
and I won't look good while celebrating my happiness
I am also concerned about Zara
I think Ali is right
we should postpone the wedding
you are making a hasty decision. We don't make such decisions hastily
besides, Saad's family is also associated with us
we have shown hurry in the wedding and now we shall postpone it?
why are you saying this? They aren't any strangers
I will talk to sister Asifa
she will understand our point, also Saad will understand as well
try to understand my point
you can understand the meaning of delaying the marriage very well
people will make various gossips about Dolly
already there are rumors that why we've kept the wedding all of a sudden
and now when we'll postpone it, then the matter will be exaggerated for no reason
well, we will stall our relatives by making some excuse. But they are bride's family, think about them
So, let do one thing. Lets do the nuptial vows now
we'll do the wedding reception once Zara will get well & come home
yes... I don't have an objection on this. What do you say, Ali?
Ok dad, if both of you are saying this then I don't have any issue
this is appropriate
Okay
Saad!
are you going somewhere?
yes, I am going home
you should have stayed for some more time
won't you say anything?
I know you are worried for Zara
this isn't right, Zaini
this shouldn't have happened
yes
this shouldn't have happened
but maybe, its written in her fate
how much more pains she'll face, Zaini?
I can't tolerate it while listening to it, and there she must be suffering all alone
why are you getting so worried?
I mean, my mom & dad are with her
well... you should go & rest as its quite late night. I am also going home
when did you come back home?
mom, I got a bit late at night
by the way, there is one thing dear. Your in-laws are quite unlucky people
no happiness suits them
what's wrong with you mom that too early morning? At least let brother have breakfast
yes, let him do the breakfast. I haven't stopped him
and why are you stopping me? I am saying the right thing
they hardly produce any offspring. One daughter was pregnant & now she had a miscarriage too
and your brother-in-law, whenever his marriage discussion happens. Something or the other thing went wrong
God knows about the youngest one...
mom, what are you saying? Have your breakfast
ok listen! I must say you shouldn't visit there regularly. It affects badly
also tell your wife to come with me for the treatment
you can see how difficult it is to get pregnant in their family
and you'll discuss all these things with Maheen, understand?
okay
brother, pass me the jug
take care
dad, mom.. lets go. I have kept the luggage, be quick else there will be so much of traffic
Okay then
we'll come soon to get Zara
Sarwat, don't worry...
I will personally come to drop your daughter to your house
Ok sister, bye!
bye!
bye uncle
Sarwat didn't even greet me before leaving
she is upset with me
I couldn't take care of her daughter
what happened, are you fine?
I am fine
what will happen to me?
I am still alive even though a lot had happened
I should have died
here you go brother, your tea
brother?
brother!
your tea, then you'll say that it got cold
Mahi! Mahi, I am talking to you
get up! Come with me
where?
come & apologize to Zara
why shall I apologize?
I hardly talk to her, then why shall I go to her & apologize?
Mahi, its been a week now
until when you'll keep hiding your sin?
neither you have any realization, shame or regret on your face
Zara keep crying in her room all the time
she didn't complain to anyone, not even once
neither she had complained to your father about you
so she haven't done any favor on me
shut your mouth!
stop your rubbish!
because of you, I couldn't accept Zara as my daughter-in-law till date
my son had left this world after getting upset from me, & I couldn't do anything!
your wedding was called off, I agree. I accept it
but still, she isn't capable enough to get such a big punishment Mahi
not only you took your revenge from her
in fact, you've ruined my hopes too Mahi!
you have gone to far in your revenge, that you've murdered Zara's baby
and you don't realize it at all
Mahi!
what have you done?
Ahmed! 
you've ruined Zara's life
you've done such a big injustice with her
get out of here. get out!
Ahmed, what are you doing?
dad, leave me?
Ahmed!
you cannot live in this house anymore
Ahmed...
get out of here!
dad...
I said, get out!
what are you doing, Ahmed?
you are ousting your young daughter from the house, where will she go?
did she left us capable enough to face anyone?
first, she got me humiliated in the entire world and then she ruined Zara's life
She has finished the last memorable of her brother as well
You cannot live in this house
Get out!
uncle, what are you doing?
Leave Mahi
what are you doing?
Zara, you are still favoring her although she did so much with you
you are siding her why? Tell me why?
uncle, whatever had to happen with me has happened already. Nothing can be done now
you are ousting me from this house because of her
I am your child, your own daughter
its better not to have any children instead of having children like you
she is putting false allegation
she is lying
I haven't done anything
she has killed her baby, because she doesn't wanted to stay here. She wanted to go to her mom's place
Mahi.. what are you doing? For God sake, stop it!
Mirha, take Zara to her room
Ahmed, I will talk to Mahi
I will explain her, please control your anger
I will explain her
Explain this girl! She has gone insane
next time if she goes close to Zara then no body will be as bad as me
please sit
let me bring water for you
drink water
sister, please drink some water
show some patience, please
Mahi, what do you want?
mom, leave me along. Please go away from here
have you gone mad?
Yes, I have
dad ousted me from this house because of that Zara!
so you are also after Zara, why don't you leave her alone?
I don't want to listen to anything right now. I will do something wrong. Go away!
for God sake Mahi, stop it!
stop it now!
you won't get anything with hatred
look at me, what did I get? My son left this world
stop it! Please don't anymore injustices with her. Apologize to her
look at this, I fold my hands in front of you
your father is so furious, please don't do any such thing
now I cannot compete him for you, I don't have anymore courage at all
is this what you're saying?
you are saying this?
will you leave supporting me for Zara?
yes!
I am saying this
I am saying it
now if you ever did any injustice with Zara
then I won't support you
Enough is enough!
Mr. Ahmed
Ahmed, are you fine?
I couldn't even think that Mahi can do such a thing with Zara
and you... 
you have put a veil on your daughter's sin once again
why Fareeda, why?
I was afraid, Ahmed
I thought, if you'll get to know this matter then
your behavior will be like this, that's why I had to hide it
you've ignored Zara's such a big pain for the sake of your fear & to save your daughter
what kind of a mother you are?
being a mother yourself, you couldn't realize the pain of another mother
didn't you even think that how much injustice & oppression is done with the child?
how much injustice is happening?
you can be so selfish, I can never think of it
and Mahi... 
Mahi has snatched away the support of my elderly age as well
don't know what not I had thought
the happiness I couldn't give to my Adeel, I will shower them on his baby
I will keep his child close to my heart
Mahi had snatched that from me as well
how will I face my son on the day of judgment?
when he will ask me, "dad, did you took care of Zara after my demise"
what answer will I give him?
she has snatched my right to stay alive
I don't have any right to live now
it is better for me to die
what are you saying, Mr. Ahmed?
Please don't say this
what will happen to me if something happens to you?
I've already lost my son
I don't want to loose you now. For God sake please don't say such things
I won't let Zara live here anymore
I will send her back
I don't have any right on her
neither I could become a good father for her... 
nor I could fulfill the right of being her uncle
if I cannot give protection to that girl in my house, then I have no right to keep her here
no right at all!
please delete it
you have proved to be so weak, I mean really feeble
you cannot insult me like this
so what shall I do?
what shall I do with you, tell me
I am ready to do whatever you will say
this is something sensible now
where is everyone?
can't you see, nobody is here
nobody did the breakfast because of you
haven't you started arguing a lot? I will pull out your tongue
how many people mouth you'll shut?
there is no need to talk rubbish with me. Maybe you have forgotten what had happened with you previously
I haven't forgotten, but I am not selfish like you are
you have forgotten. Are you feeling pity on Zara now?
sister, you shouldn't have done whatever you did
there is no need to teach me anything. Where are you going? Sit & have breakfast
I am not hungry, you carry on
have breakfast
at least have breakfast, why are you upset with breakfast?
if you won't eat anything then how will you take your medicine?
also your blood pressure is up since last night
at least talk to me
I know you are upset with me
but please understand my compulsion too
I am Mahi's mother as well
that's why you have always differentiated between Zara & Mahi
and you kept lying to me continuously
I made a mistake, please stop it now & forgive me
and believe me, I tried explaining Mahi a lot
I don't want to listen to anything, Fareeda!
go away from here
why are you punishing me?
I am also upset, where shall I go?
to whom shall I talk? With whom I shall share my grievances?
have you seen Zara's condition?
I will apologize to Zara. I swear, I will apologize to her
with whom you'll apologize & for what more you'll apologize?
its you who had poisoned Mahi's thinking
you've given all this to her in inheritance
and have you seen its consequences now?
how would I know that Mahi will become like this?
its parents duty to do their children upbringing
to put love in their heart for the people
to show them the right path
to teach them to look at the society in such a manner that they shall go towards light instead of darkness
you & your upbringing is responsible for whatever Mahi did
it would be better for you to find a suitable proposal for Mahi & wed her off from this house as soon as possible
what? what is this Mr. Ahmed?
Enough!
I have announced my decision
but at least listen to me please...
Mr. Ahmed...
tomorrow is my life's biggest event, Zara
and you won't be present
my prayers are with both of you
what happened Zara, are you crying? Is everything fine?
everything is fine
these are tears of joy, I am so happy for both of you
mom thought that you'll come
but you don't sound fine
don't worry about me, I will come to meet you guys once I will be fine
why to meet only? We won't let you go back once you'll come now
now you'll stay with us, over here
do you know, how restless & anxious mom stays while worrying about you
if you'll stay here in front of her eyes then she won't be tensed
she stays quite worried
and until when you'll tolerate all this?
we know everything that you are not fine over there
I want to come back now
my tolerance level is ending now
I don't have a courage to give anymore trials
I have grown tired of fighting with my life
Zara, don't say such disappointed things. One day everything will be fine
Okay, I will come with mom to pick you.
aunt, you?
I will talk to you later
Okay fine, take care. Bye!
Bye!
you are awake, I thought you must be sleeping. I came to wake you up, but you were talking on the phone
Come on, get up. Eat something
I am not hungry right now
but you have to eat
look at your condition, this way your weakness will increase
food is more important, you can talk on the phone later
I will eat something in a while
hey hey, what are you doing?
You could have burn yourself
does it make any difference to you whether anyone lives or dies?
your anger hasn't lessened as of yet, right?
I'm sure Zara must have said something about me
Zara didn't said anything, in fact nobody had said anything
now stop thinking that whomsoever is saying or doing what!
until when you'll keep scolding me?
as if it affects you?
your father has decided to marry you, & wed you off with respect from this house
I don't want to get married at all, mom
its your father's decision, got it?
and be thankful that he is talking about wedding you off
Whatever you've done, if he had ousted you from this house then what you could have done. Just think!
you guys are doing all this with me because of that Zara, right?
you are present in this house because of Zara
otherwise, we would have ousted you from this house long time ago
what's wrong with you? Why are you always favoring her?
you've destroyed yourself by your own actions/words, Mahi
nobody is at fault or mistake in this
you are my mother... you always used to take my side, mom
and your father is taunting me about the same thing
my upbringing is being questioned because of you
for God sake, stop it
stop it, I cannot tolerate it anymore
I've grown tired!
mom..
mom!
you haven't done good, Zara
today, my family has left me all alone because of you
my mother has left supporting me
and dad..
dad was ousting me from this house, only because of you
I will never forgive you for this
now I will also get you ousted from the house like this
and you'll see
at that time, nobody will be there to save you
you haven't done good with me
its revenge is still left, Zara
I have to do something quickly and I..
and I...
I won't let her stay in this house
I will not let her stay here ever
why he is not attending he call?
hello! Hello Aqib? Hello!
you won't fix yourself
sister, give me my phone
I won't!
mom was right! you've crossed all the limits of shamelessness
a lot had happened in the house & you are still involved with him
sister, what is your problem? Why don't you let us live in peace?
I don't let you stay in peace, right? let me go & tell mom everything
sister!
what happened? you got afraid?
You are swerving like a fish due to mom's fear
sister, what do you want?
what do I want?
call Aqib
call him here
what?
yes
you wanted to meet him right? You really wanted to meet him, then call him over
but you won't meet him
I will meet him
this was decided, right?
take it, call him over
take it
so you are Aqib
yes
I am Mahi
Mirha's elder sister
what do you do?
presently, I am studying.
I can see that
what?
Nothing
Mirha didn't come? But she had said that she'll come along with you
Mirha had to come, but I came instead of her
I wanted to see, whomsoever Mirha likes whether he is capable enough for her or not
so how do you find me?
Absolute robber!
what?
what were you thinking?
you'll tell me your love story & I will keep listening to you?
what?
See, I truly love Mirha please believe me
there is no need to be so clever
its you, right?
how did you get this?
hmm... As per the rule, it should have been with the police but I have it
this...
don't try to show any cleverness
I have a lot of copies of it
what do you want from me?
riddance
I will go away from Mirha's life
please delete it
you have proved to be so weak, I mean really feeble
you cannot insult me like this
so what shall I do?
what shall I do with you, tell me
I am ready to do whatever you will say
this is something sensible now
so you'll go away from Mirha's life forever
don't even try to meet her
otherwise, think... this video will go to the police immediately
see, please don't do this
whatever you'll say, I am ready to do
now you came on the point
I have another important work with you
what's that?
aunty, tell me something as well so that I can help you
No dear, leave it. Your clothes will be spoiled
No no aunty, its not like that. My clothes won't be spoiled. Please let me know how can I help you
my son is very lucky, right?
just take this breakfast for him
otherwise, he will leave without eating it
Okay, by the way aunty what does he like to have in the breakfast?
he quietly eats whatever is given to him, he doesn't show any tantrums
if you'll feed him the food cooked with love
then he'll have it happily
my son doesn't show any tantrums
yes, you can guide me & I will make it
here you go, take it
thank you!
did you went to meet Aqib yesterday? What did you guys discussed?
what will you do after listening to it?
at least I should know the reason that why you wanted to meet him
I felt like meeting him, that's why I had gone to meet him
by the way, you choice is good
are you joking?
why are you thinking that I will make fun of him?
do you think about him in that way?
I mean, I found him appropriate & well
why are you changing the topic?
Why will I change the topic?
I had to meet him, so I met him. That's it!
I am asking this from you, that what needs to be done next?
what do you mean?
I want you to talk to our parents about us. Aqib & I like each other and...
ok enough!
now you are talking too much!
I had to meet him, so I met him. What needs to be done next, leave that on me
go away from here as I am having headache
go away & close the door