This is the file of Zara's new house's documents.
Dad has decided that Zara will live in this new house with me after our marriage.
First that cursed Zara snatched my son from me.
And now she will get ownership of this property.
And despite all that you think that she is innocent, how surprising.
He has given you this house, not me.
You know it very well that why has he done that.
Yes.
So that this cruel world get away from two lovers.
So he solved that problem.
Do problems solve in this way?
Problems don't solve like this, in fact problems will increase if we will shift to new house.
Mr. Ahmed, are you sleeping?
Yes I am sleeping and I am habitual of responding while I am asleep.
What's wrong with you?
Why do you keep taunting me all the time?
I want to discuss something very important that's why I was asking.
If you want to discuss something important then do that.
I will talk to you if you will get up.
OK, I am awake. Now what's up.
I dreamed last night.
Hmm.
Really? You dreamed at night.
By the way, normally we dream at night.
What's wrong with you Mr. Ahmed?
I am serious.
I dreamed that you and me are going to Karachi
and do you know that why we are going there?
Both of us are taking Adeel procession for Zara to Karachi.
Really?
Then what happened?
Then the scene got changed
And I saw Zara in bridal dress.
And I am putting money in her hands.
Really?
And what happened next?
Well.
My dream finished. Dreams are not that long.
Just a small dream.
By the way Mrs Farida, didn't that dream deliver at wrong address?
What happened to you, you are talking strangely.
Now, I have realized my mistake.
Whatever misunderstanding is there between me and Sarwat,
our children shouldn't suffer because of that. I have realized that.
I have understood that Zara and Adeel are destined to live together.
Take me to Karachi as soon as possible.
I want to fix Zara's marriage date by going there and I want to finalize all matters by myself.
And what do you mean by all matters?
Let me tell you one thing Mrs. Farida.
The plot which I have given to Zara
I am not ready to change my decision for that.
Why are you mentioning that plot here.
I am not asking you to give that back to me.
When I have given my only son to her then that plot has no worth in front of that.
Yes, you are right.
But, I don't know why, I am in a doubt.
Are you Farida? I mean how did your thoughts change so quickly?
It's the limit.
Get ready, I want to go to Karachi. Right?
Oh my God.
I don't know, from which direction son has risen today.
Oh God.
Oh.
Mrs. Sarwat.
Greetings, are you back?
No, it's just my shadow.
Bring water for me, it's very hot outside.
Yes, I am bringing.
Who is calling?
OK. Greetings.
Yes.
OK, come in the evening.
OK, if God wills. Greetings.
Why did you ask me to bring sweets?
I asked Shaista to do Istikhara for Zara and Adeel so she did that for me.
She told me that the answer is in affirmative.
That's great.
Then everything will be alright, if God wills.
If God wills.
Did you talk to brother Ahmed?
Yes, I talk to him and he also wants to fix marriage date as soon as possible.
And what is the opinion of sister-in-law about it?
I didn't feel appropriate to ask about that.
Adeel is here so ask our daughters specially Maheen
that she shouldn't say any such thing which will hurt Adeel.
Yes, I will tell her.
And what about my white dress, is that ready, tomorrow is Friday.
Yes, I will press that.
Listen
Aren't you forgetting anything?
Oh, I forgot it.
Let me distribute the sweets. I will give to Shaista first.
She has done a great favor on me.
O God, keep my daughters happy in the lives.
What if Adeel changes after marriage then?
Maheen has taught you all these things. Right?
I admit that it's Maheen's fear
but when she said this to me then I also felt that this may happen.
What will you do if Adeel will say to you like normal boys
that it's a matter between mother-in-law and daughter-in-law?
Saad, are you my friend or an enemy?
Why are you scaring me by saying such things?
And what's wrong with all of you? Why are you saying such weird things.
Even weird things have answers.
Answer my question.
What is the guarantee that Adeel will love you in the same way after marriage like he loves you now.
I don't have any answer to this question.
That's the problem.
Both Maheen and Zenny are saying the same thing.
Adeel has given you a house.
What if he will arrange a house here?
Saad, it was not my condition to arrange a separate house.
Uncle and Adeel have made this decision.
Dad asked me about my consent.
I have left all my decisions on my dad and mom because they can decide better for me.
Your dad has forgotten his humiliation because of your love.
Remember it.
And I am advising you one last time being your friend.
You should talk to Adeel and ask him to bring his parents here before uncle may fix your marriage date.
Aunt Farida and Maham should apologize for their harsh behavior.
It has happened earlier and it will happen in future as well.
Is this your thinking Saad?
You just say that it's very cheap thinking. I will feel happy if they will apologize.
And if I am talking childishly then ask Adeel to talk sensibly.
But why would you ask him, didn't he think himself about it?
I have thought about it Saad. I have thought about it.
You are right.
You know what
My Zara is very lucky
that she has got a very caring friend like you.
If you are Zara's friend that you are my friend as well. Right?
So this friend wants to tell you
that mom has forbidden me to talk about marriage.
Now I won't talk about that.
Because mom is coming here.
To fix our marriage date.
I promise you
I will keep your friend very happy.
I will take very good care of her.
In fact I was just...
Just leave it dude.
Accept my friendship. Hug me.
I promise you
I won't let any tear come in Zara's eyes.
Are you ready?
Yes.
Take it, you may need this.
What is this Mahi?
Keep it with you.
I won't give her anything.
You won't give her but you know the mentality of dad. Right?
He will definitely give something to her so take it.
I am unable to understand your thinking Mahi.
You know that I am going there with a heavy heart but you...
Lower your voice, if dad will listen then a fuss will be created here.
Only because of him, I am doing this and bowing down in front of that girl.
After few days, you will dominate and she will...
Are you ready? Shall we go.
Yes, I am ready.
I want to take some gifts for your daughter-in-law.
What? Is she your mom, I mean my wife?
Yes, she is my mother and your wife.
If both of you have finished your joke then we must leave.
My child, I also wanted to take you there with me but it's obvious.
Yes dad, but as you know that Mirha will be left alone.
My child, take care of yourself.
OK.
Mahi, be very careful.
Don't open gate for any stranger as you know that condition of city is very bad.
I won't open the gate and take very good care of Mirha and myself.
OK take care.
OK dad, good bye.
Good bye.
Let me lock the door.
Greetings.
Greetings.
I knew that my brother will definitely come.
I was so sure and you didn't break my trust.
OK be careful, my dress will spoil and there will be slits on it.
Take care of your daughter's in-laws. Let me dress up well.
Sarwat meet me as well, I have also come with your brother.
Greetings.
Greetings, how are you?
I am fine, how about you?
Didn't sister Maham come with you?
She should have come as well.
Yes she should have come
But she had to take care of Mirha so we have left her at home.
I insisted so much that let's go together, that will be great fun.
But what can we do because Mirha is not feeling well.
So Mahi won't be able to participate in brother's happiness because of Mirha. It's so sad.
When I asked her that let's go together and hire an ambulance for Mirha
then do you know what did your uncle say?
He said that it doesn't make any difference.
Maheen, won't let us feel that Mahi is not here.
By the way, where is Maheen?
She is making tea for you. Let's go in.
Yes, we will go in but first let me meet with my daughter-in-law.
Always keep happy.
Let's go.
Greetings brother.
How was your travel? Didn't you get bothered?
The journey has just started.
Let's see.
I mean, I didn't feel that so much time has passed.
But I was so eager to come here quickly because I want to meet my daughter-in-law as soon as possible.
Now, you shouldn't delay.
I have chosen 28th of this month. It will be Saturday.
My Adeel was borne on Saturday as well.
OK, if you have chosen that date then it's OK.
Hold on brother, I won't talk about marriage.
First we should clear our hearts and minds.
Let's remove all grievances.
And we will make a decision.
After that we will discuss about marriage.
Are you crazy Aqib?
You are talking childishly. How can I come downstairs?
And I asked you to send that through someone else, why have you come here yourself?
But you said that it's been three/four days.
You wanted to get your phone back.
So I thought that I will give your phone back and will meet with you as well.
Aqib I didn't say that you should come here yourself.
I asked you to give them money to speed up the recovery.
Really?
So you are only concerned about your phone not about me.
I wanted to see you.
I was so worried for you.
OK, just go from here.
I will ask Sadaf to collect phone from you and then she will give that to me.
Mirha, I am not going.
I want to meet you. That's it.
That's so cheap Aqib.
As you know that I...
You are calling me cheap.
I am here to meet you but you are calling me cheap.
OK, don't be angry.
I was not calling you cheap.
OK, let me do something.
Let me try to come to the door.
You don't need to come to the door.
Ask your family members that Sadaf's brother has come to give me notes,
no one will doubt because I have some books with me.
There is no one at home. I am all alone.
And my family members know Sadaf's family members.
Why?
Where are you family members?
I am coming to the door.
Let me try to come down.
And you will only have two minutes for this meeting and then you will leave.
Bye.
I would like to request all of you to forgive me.
I am really embarrassed that I made a big mistake.
Farida, what are you doing?
Put your hands down and keep quiet. Let me talk to them.
What are you doing Mr. Ahmed?
Let me do what I am doing?
Humans make mistakes and I have made that mistake so I should apologize.
No sister, you said that so just think that nothing has happened.
That's it. Don't do this again. Take tea.
Actually, I want to clear all grievances.
I have made a mistake and I apologize to all of you for that.
Brother.
Specially you forgive me.
I apologize to you that I did that foolish act.
Sister, apology doesn't degrade anyone.
But I think, it's not needed now.
It's needed brother. It's needed.
Why is this not needed?
Just say it once that you have forgiven me. I will feel relax.
Otherwise, I am openly saying
that if you won't do that then I won't accept Zara as my daughter-in-law.
I will treat her as my daughter always.
Why aunt?
Do daughters have respect only, not daughters-in-law?
Daughters-in-law also have their worth.
We only want you to treat Zara well being a good mother-in-law. That's it.
What's wrong with you Maheen?
Elders are discussing so you don't have to interfere.
No, no Sarwat.
Let her speak, she is angry so let her express her anger.
By doing that our heart becomes light and clear. No problem my child.
Brother, just leave it and forgive her if she is insisting you.
No brother, it's not needed.
Please stop sister, how much more will you embarrass us?
You are our guest and honorable for us.
OK then, the matter is resolved.
All grievances have been cleared. Many congratulations to all of you.
So what are you saying that you have chosen 28th of this month?
Hmm
Yes, I was saying that.
But first both our families will sit together.
We will talk to each other and fix marriage date.
And then we will inform you.
Please take tea.
Hmm.
Zara.
Why are you standing there? Come to me and sit here with me, come my child.
May you get my life.
Take tea.
Mr. Manzoor, I made a very big mistake.
She was doing absolutely like this.
Please forgive me.
I will treat Zara as my daughter not as a daughter-in-law.
Hello, Aqib I have opened the door from inside but It's not opening.
You push it from outside and come in.
What do you mean? Are you at the door?
What do you mean? Are you not outside?
I was just joking, how can I come at this time?
Aqib, I have come down with my broken leg on this wheel chair just to open door for you.
What's this joke?
OK, sorry.
Sorry, I was just joking.
Now, there is no need to talk to me. Bye.
Grab her.
Take her in.
Who are you?
Keep quiet.
Come in.
Don't move.
Stop it here. Go in.
Come here.
Don't move.
Hurry up.
Where is everything?
Upstairs.
Bring that quickly.
As I told you that there will no problem and mom will be convinced.
But Adeel, I don't like this.
What do you mean Zara?
Aunt's apology in front of everyone like this.
Aunt Shaista and uncle Adnan were also there.
This is not good Adeel.
Yes, by the way, I didn't like that as well.
I shouldn't have talked to you.
Which one?
That I felt bad that dad was humiliated there.
If I didn't tell you then you wouldn't have come here.
And all of this wouldn't happen.
Zara why are you thinking that much.
That was mom's mistake so she apologized. It's simple.
It's not that simple Adeel.
I do respect aunt so much.
As much as I have felt bad for dad in the same way I am feeling bad for aunt as well.
She is our elder but she was apologizing to everyone.
It's insulting for all of us.
This shouldn't have happened Adeel.
All of this happened because of me.
Neither I had told you nor all of this would happen.
It means that you will hide things from me after marriage.
I didn't say that Adeel.
You are not saying that but I am saying this.
Zara never hide anything from me.
Share everything with me that what do you think and what do you feel right and wrong
so that I can take care of you.
I share everything with you Adeel.
Yes, but you are regretting as well.
And you will hide such matters from me in future.
Listen Zara.
Our relation is not like that we talk to each other in a scary mood.
Fear and love can't move on together.
Please never do this.
OK, I won't do this.
No matter, how bad the situation maybe
Our relation should never become weak. Right?
Please go and sit with everyone.
Give me quickly.
Leave us.
You are sitting so comfortably.
Hmm?
Are you happy with that insult?
When I told you then you didn't understand my point.
Now you are sitting quietly when Zara's mother-in-law has humiliated you. Do you understand?
There is no such thing the way you are thinking.
If she has said anything to me 
then she was apologizing in front of brother Manzoor, that was her real worth.
Oh I see.
Well.
She was apologizing in front of brother Manzoor.
Look at me.
I am also apologizing in front of you. Please forgive me.
 Now can you tell me, what is in my heart?
Only God knows what's inside anyone's heart. How do I know about that?
Yes you are right. Only God knows that.
But what is inside a person's heart is clearly visible on his face.
And I have seen that thing on Mrs. Farida's face.
She is getting ready to take revenge from Zara. So Zara should be careful.
Her love with her husband and all misconceptions will be removed
 and very bad will happen to this family and Zara.
And I will feel happy about that.
Fear God Adnan.
How do you talk such things?
God forbid, if anything like that may happen to Zara.
Look at your face in mirror. I told you
What is in a person's heart is clearly evident on his face.
So it's clearly evident from your face that you have no pain, worry or concern about this matter.
You are just saying this as a formality.
If anything bad will happen to this family and Zara then you won't mind that at all. Right?
Please forgive me.
Oh God, what do I do to him?
What was the need to create that fuss?
When you had finished that matter then what was the need to embarrass them?
Hold on.
Have I embarrassed them? Me?
But how?
Well, I was embarrassed as well.
I was apologizing in front of everyone.
It's a big embarrassment for an honorable family that their guest apologize in front of them.
Yes, it's for honorable families.
But how is this insulting for this family.
Do you know that what are you doing with your son's life?
What am I doing, I am arranging his marriage.
You are injecting poison and destroying his life.
You are spreading thorns in his path.
Why?
Just because of this that the girl he likes is my sister's and your sister-in-law's daughter 
and that's why you hater her so much.
I am not doing any such thing.
He is my son so why would I do bad for him.
And I won't let you do anything bad for him.
And listen to me very carefully 
that it won't be good for you if you will do again whatever you have done today.
Mr. Ahmed.
Bring my clothes.
Listen to me.
I will neither listen nor will say anything, I will only watch.
And if you again try to create any fuss
Then I will treat you in a very harsh way. Do you understand?
I think, I have made myself very clear.
Mr. Ahmed, I am talking to you.
Mr. Ahmed.
Well, I was thinking something.
There must be no cable TV in your in-laws.
Did you ask Adeel about that?
What do you mean? I didn't understand?
You didn't understand such a minor thing. I mean to say
When her in-laws have already got a natural drama in the form of her mother-in-law
Then they don't need other entertainment.
You will live very happily there. You won't get bored there at all.
Don't say natural, that was supernatural. 
Did you see her face, when she was apologizing to dad.
Her expressions were so amazing.
She was saying that brother, we made a mistake, please forgive us. Did you see that. Right?
Both of you don't feel ashamed?
This is so bad.
She is your elder and you are talking like this about her.
Just keep quiet. Let me repeat that.
Yes please.
Give me your scarf.
Take it.
Saad, what are you doing?
Just keep quiet.
Aunt is here, what if she listens to you.
Hey, she won't come here so keep quiet.
Well.
There shouldn't be any grievances in our hearts.
Mr. Manzoor, I made a very big mistake.
She was absolutely doing like this.
Please forgive me.
I will treat Zara as my daughter not like daughter-in-law.
Saad, you are so mean.
Give it to me. What if she sees you.
Zara.
Aunt, actually Saad and Zenny....
I know.
I know, there are some boys like him.
Cheap.
Do you know that there was a boy like him in my neighborhood.
Do you know, what does he do these days?
He dances in the well of death.
Aunt, there is no such thing. 
He was just just joking because he is very jolly. I apologize to you.
Oh I see.
OK. OK
Don't tell me anything, I know very well about his family background.
But it's very bad thing.
If he is habitual of joking with others then he should also tolerate with others' joking.
Look at his face got paled so suddenly.
Come with me and press my dress.
OK, I am coming.
I was forbidding both of you.
But you don't listen to anyone.
Zara. Listen.
I was just joking.
Yes we know that but she doesn't know that we were joking.
Did you see?
How much she has taunted me.
Yes.
Cheap boy
He dances in well of death.
Leave it, she will scold Zara so much.
I am concerned about her.
Oh my God.
They didn't leave anything.
They took phone charger as well.
Mahi, call dad.
What's this.
Why did you open the door?
There is nothing Mahi.
I don't know them.
Stop this nonsense.
One of those boys was taking your name. You know them.
Do you have any phone? I have to call dad.
They were robbers Mahi. I don't know them.
You don't know me Mirha.
Tell as much lie as you want. I won't ask about truth from you.
 In fact I will tell you the truth now.
Oh.
Mom.
Mom.
Mom, you are still not understanding aunt Farida's mood. I am surprised.
So what should we do?
 Ask them to give divorce to Zara and let her sit here like you.
What do you mean by that?
I mean that we can't let her stay here. We have to marry her.
What do you mean?
What do you mean by "you can't let her sit her like me"?
Mom, are you fed up that I am staying here.
Maheen, that was slipped out of my mouth. Don't stick with that for no reason.
Such things are not without any reason.
Whatever is in your heart comes out someday.
Maheen.
As you know that your parents are not among those people who consider their daughters a burden.
We can't fight with others for no reason.
OK mom, from now on, I won't interfere in others' matters. 
Just do what you think is right.
What do you think that what will aunt Farida do?
I am just thinking that what will happen to us now?
You are future son-in-law of this house so no one will say anything to you.
But mom will kill me.
Leave us apart, think about Zara.
The way she has taken her from here. I am so scared for her.
Let's see by going there.
Not at all. If she will see us again then she will become more angry.
Don't be fooled with her smile. That was fake.
Let's see by going there. I am so scared.
No, I can't make this mistake again.
O God, have mercy.