She has been continuously crying, missing Adeel
since last night, she hasn't eaten anything. I took breakfast for her but she didn't even eat that.
She's talking weirdly. I don't understand what to do.
Zara, we don't offer clarifications to everyone.
Then what should I do? What should I do? How can I clear the accusation to my name?
How can I tell everyone that I'm not at fault.
We don't make everyone believe us, Zara.
How can someone be so untrustworthy so fast?
They were my family.
They weren't your family and they can never be.
This is what we tried to explain you earlier as well.
And even now you're repeating the same thing.
If you still don't stand up for yourself, you'll get buried under this burden.
I heard that your daughter has an affair with someone and her in laws threw her out.
Sarwat...
everybody knows and, Sarwat, such things don't stay hidden.
I didn't believe my ears that's why I came to ask you.
mom, please drink water
mom, what was the need for you to listen to her rubbish?
what else I could have done?
if I had been in your place, then I would have pushed & ousted her out of here
Really? So that she would have told the matter to everyone after exaggerating it
mom, who gave her the right to say such things about us? Who is she?
Maheen, for God sake please be quiet
don't make me more crazy
mom, I think aunt is doing all this
she is calling everyone & telling weird stuff
talk to aunt, ask her why is she doing all this
Zaini is absolutely correct. You should talk to her
who is she to call people & talk weird stuff about us?
I don't understand, what is she getting by doing all this?
our daughter is back home now, then why she is doing all this?
She is doing all this to save herself
so that nobody shall say this in the future, that how cruel mother-in-law she is
that she threw away her daughter from her house, as soon as her son died
she is doing all this to get herself saved
its such a vile & disgusting act!
We weren't saying anything to anyone though, then what was the need to spread such rumors?
one doesn't even do this with their enemies, that she did with us
here you go sister, I have brought the snacks
what happen, where are the guests?
actually, they have gone
what happen, why are you people looking so worried?
Sister, tell me. Is everything alright?
actually she was talking non-sense about Zara
I have told mom that it can be only aunt's antics
don't know why she is doing this. And the neighbors are talking non-sense about all of us
let it be, forget it
Adnan
where have you gone without informing me?
have I ever told you earlier before going anywhere, that I will tell you now?
I've asked you a simple question, so please reply me simply
the simple answer is that sister had asked me to bring snacks for her guests
but when I had brought the snacks the situation was different. I got worried & stayed there
why, what happen? Why you got worried?
the lady who had visited her, came to do the gossips
she had insulted sister so much, that don't ask
and Zara! She has exposed Zara completely
your brother & his daughter are not left to face anyone anymore
what are you saying?
who told her all this?
Zara's mother-in-law, who else? The matter is exposed to the entire family
now listen to me carefully, stay away from Zara's matter!
what if this fire reaches to our house as well
Adnan, for God sake don't utter all these words downstairs
shut your mouth! its their matter, they will handle it
the entire world is saying this, so what difference will it make if I will also say it?
this spark will not get over so easily
I am going downstairs
what?
go, go & gather the information
brother & his daughter...
come here
No..
sit here
don't cry please
what about people?
they are habitual of exaggerating the matters
everything will be alright
don't worry
don't know what not she had said about my daughter I can't even repeat, Shaista
sister, don't recall it. Just forget everything
how will she face?
how my Zara will face such people?
God is great, everything will be alright
you didn't see, Shaista. How she was talking
you know how this society is, they won't let my daughter stay alive
this allegation won't let her live, what will my daughter do?
at least you show some patience, why are you losing hope?
if you will loose hope, then who will handle Zara?
she will be shattered more, for God sake please show some courage
even Zara heard it too
I can't bear it, then how will she be able to tolerate it?
how will she?
brother Manzoor is with her, he will handle Zara
and sister, I am sure that Zara will handle herself
she is very brave
just show some courage & don't be worried like this
How... how shall I gather courage?
see, even your hands are cold
please don't cry, everything will be fine
everything will be alright
why aunt is doing this, dad? Why she doesn't believe me?
you know that I haven't done any such thing
she is distrustful from your side
that's why she won't believe any of your words
so take me to her, I will clear her misunderstanding
dear...
please dad, take me to her. I want to talk to her & explain that its just an allegation nothing else
don't insist
she won't listen to you at all
why she won't listen to me? Even you people are listening things because of me
mom is so ashamed, your head is also down with shame
I can't see all this, dad
why I got saved? Why I haven't died with Adeel on that day in the accident?
what's wrong, dear?
life & death is in God's hands, why are you saying such things?
so what shall I do, dad? Nobody is believing me
no matter what this society says
we believe you
do you know
Its the most easiest thing in this society to point a finger on anyone's character
when a person doesn't find any mistake against anyone
and doesn't get any point to show hatred
then the first thing he does is attacking on one's character
but dad, I have never done bad to anyone or thought bad about anyone then why all of this is happening with me?
why I've become a trial for you people?
the time doesn't stay same, my child
its a trial, this time shall soon pass
everything is thinking that I am the bad one
let anyone say anything, there is no need to present your clarification. Are you at mistake?
if yes, then present your clarification. Else what's the need of it?
One day, the truth will come in front of all
people who stabs you back are coward
we don't fear such people, but we compete with them confidently!
everyone faces good & bad situation in their lives
but it doesn't mean that one shall waste their entire life because of such situation
gather some courage
forget the past
live confidently, my child
start a new life
and remember
I am always standing by your side
that will go now
Greetings!*
Welcome!
so you guys are playing carom
let me play as well
its Zaini's turn
hmm...
nice
Zara
Zara? Its your turn
its Zara's turn
wow...
which one shall I go for?
you've completed Islamabad's target, so what's your plan now?
dad, I've applied at a few places. God willing soon I will get a good job
do one thing, visit Mr. Rashid along with me
his son is a very big businessman, he will help you for sure
dad, I want to get a job on my merit
not on somebody's recommendation
its not the matter of any recommendation or support, they are our old clients
we have visited them many time, so I think we should seek their help in this situation
that fine dad
but I don't want to take anyone's favor
my education, my experience all is fine. Somehow I will get a good job
don't take tension
for sure you'll get a job my dear, if God wills
but what about your fathers business? Since you are our only son, who is going to manage that?
mom, I can help dad along with my job
won't it be difficult for you to manage both the work?
mom, don't take tension. I will manage
I just want the support of both of you
our support will be with you for lifetime
aunty... please no
take it
 No...
what are you doing?
you got scared, and you've scared me too
what's wrong? I am Adnan not some stranger. You see me daily
what happened?
what are you doing here?
nothing! I just saw you working so I thought of helping you. Let me water the plants
I will do it
hey.. the water will get wasted. Let me do it
where are you going?
what are you doing? Leave my path
at least listen to me, I hardly get a chance to talk to you. Mostly you are surrounded by people
today I got a chance to speak to you & you are leaving
you are crossing your limits!
I am not crossing my limits. I just want to be friends with you, we will sit & talk
at least listen to me...
hey...
what is this happening?
nothing brother, I was just watering the plants
No, I don't have problem or worries from your side
but brother, you seem worried. Is everything fine?
Nothing! I am just worried for Zara that..
what is going to happen to her
you can share it with me brother, tell me what's the matter?
Adnan look, Ali will get a job
he will get busy in his life, Zaini will also get married
what about Zara, what she will do in the future?
get Zara remarried, that's it
marriage?
yes yes, what's the harm in doing the second marriage?
brother, Zara is well educated & young girl. We'll get some good suitor for her
you already know that she is a widow then how come a good suitor for a widow?
don't you worry at all
I will find one, I will find a great suitor. Ok?
may God help you, thank you so much!
don't you worry at all, brother
I have brought your favorite cake
why are you quiet?
is everything fine?
Saad...
Oh... so, today you've brought Zara's favorite cake
what have you brought for me?
for you? You haven't asked me for anything. If you had, then I would have brought it for sure
as it is, I have brought it as per my will
hmm...
you did well
where are you going?
No where, just like that
sit here Zaini, lets have cake together
Adnan has given a suggestion
really! What?
about Zara's second marriage
what?
what's the matter Zaini?
 sit
yes..
cake
yes, lets eat
by the way Zara you are quite selfish
you didn't even asked me once that what I am doing & where I am working
its not like that, Saad
I am sure that wherever you are doing the job must be a very good company
that's why you have accepted that job
yes, true that
there is a company on II Chudrigar road namely Zaviyar. All the clients are UK based
by the way, if you say so then shall I forward your CV too?
Job & I?
so what's the harm in it? You can also try
I cannot do the job, Saad
why?
I won't be able to do it
why are you getting worried? I am there
anyways, whenever you feel appropriate you can let me know. I will help you in making the CV
you also say something
what shall I say?
you guys are busy in talking
you can also talk, Zaini
earlier, you used to talk a lot. But now you don't talk to me at all
because there is a lot of difference in earlier times & now
I didn't get it
nothing
I was thinking to apply for Masters program after my exams
its such a good thing, Zaini. Right Saad?
yes, true that
by the way, in which subject you will do the masters?
the cake is lying since long time, shall we eat it if you guys are done talking?
is it enough?
yes?
yes
well, you know that I really don't like chocolate cake
but you like it, also Zara likes it too
here you go
thank you!
get Zara remarried, that's it
marriage?
yes yes, what's the harm in doing the second marriage?
brother, Zara is well educated & young girl. 
We'll get some good suitor for her
Mr. Manzoor
what are you doing here so late night?
you had gone to sleep, so why did you wake up?
if I ask you the same question, then?
why did you wake up & came here?
sometimes, it happens that the sleep vanishes from your eyes
what's the matter?
you seem worried to me
I am thinking something
what are you thinking? At least tell me
I don't know, whether its appropriate to say it or not
time is such a weird thing
sometimes, it makes your life so easy that every task happens in a blink of an eye
and sometimes it makes the things so difficult that if you try solving it it gets more complicated
now you are worrying me
tell me, what's the matter?
actually... Adnan has given a suggestion
really! What?
about Zara's second marriage
what?
dad
Zara..
hey dear, you haven't slept?
why are you guys sitting outside at this hour?
I was feeling anxious, so I thought of sitting in the open air
but your mom didn't spared me alone time over here as well
why you haven't slept as of yet?
actually I..
well its good, come sit
its good to sit in the open air, as its good for one's health
here you go..
even their light is on, means they are awake too
yes, everything is so good
we have quite an ease because of Adnan
you know about NIPA area's shop, he takes care of everything
even he has quite a lot of house responsibilities too. I am so grateful to him
we are so lucky that God has given us such a nice & sincere people
even our own blood relatives leaves us in this world...
yet she is my distant sister
yes?
shall we drink tea?
at this hour?
yes, it will be a party
let me bring it right away
what is this time to drink tea?
I was just diverting her mind
you should have slept by now
she understands everything
everything!
to whom you're calling?
no one
you cannot hide it from my anymore
you must be calling Sarwat, right?
what happened?
Didn't she receive your call?
mind your own business!
oh yes! your sister & her family is selfish
who ate away my family's happiness for the sake of their benefit
where are you going?
can't you hear anything about your sister?
anyways, its nothing new
I've been observing the same thing since I got married to you
that you have never given any importance to my any word ever
you always did whatever is against my will
see, if any of your words have any importance
then I would have listened to you for sure
but all of your words are unimportant like your soul
God has given you all the happiness & blessings 
but you have never been grateful to God
and today the point on which we are standing
its the consequences of this ungratefulness
Wow, Mr. Ahmed!
you've said such a great thing. I shall bow down in front of you
Sarwat & her daughter did a great magic on you
means, if you don't get to say anything else so you've pronounced me ungrateful. That's great!
and what do you think about your great dear sister, Ms. Sarwat. What is she?
Enough!
Enough Fareeda, I won't hear a single word anymore
you have already separated me from my sister
what else do you want now?
spare me! Please
what as such I have said?
this is great!
he takes out all of his anger on me
mom, whose call it was?
my brother's
so you didn't talk to him?
what shall I talk about?
mom, maybe he wants to discuss an important matter with you
maybe, he has realized his mistake
and he wants to bring back Zara to his house
what difference does it make, if he has realized it now?
we hardly have any relation left now
don't tell Zara that her uncle had called
but mom we shouldn't hide this matter from Zara as well
as I said, no need to tell her. So don't!
she came out of this torment with such a difficulty, & now you want me to tell this to her again
and she'll get occupied with the same thoughts once again. No!
Okay
I won't tell her
and try to stay with your sister, understand?
don't know for how long that poor girl was wide awake even last night
don't know what thoughts used to come in her mind while sitting alone
care a bit for her
she is your sister, my dear
are you going somewhere?
yes
where are you going?
to a friend's place. Would you like to come along?
Come on, come with me
I was asking this because I want us to have dinner somewhere outside at night
I think, you have quite a lot of money
give them to me. You have some, give it to me
No, I don't have money but maybe you don't remember but I do
its been 15 years to our marriage
15 years!
yes, its been 15 years
I thought of going somewhere outside to celebrate it & have dinner
leave it, and don't tell anyone that we've been married for 15 years
why I shouldn't?
just like that, because of the evil eye. People will say that tits been 15 years to their marriage
Okay fine, I won't say
but will we go in the evening?
We'll cut the cake as well
do one thing, make a nice semolina dessert at home
I will come back at night, then we'll celebrate it together & have dessert
Ok fine, prepare a nice semolina dessert
I'm leaving now
prepare semolina dessert!