Saad, come
Hello friend.
Hello.
You are looking so happy today.
Yes, I am so happy and you have to guess that why am I so happy today?
Do I have to guess?
Yes.
Your result has announced.
That will be announced next week.
Brother Ali has got job confirmation in Islamabad.
His probation period is three months but it's only been a month since he has gone there.
Oh what is that?
Think.
Maheen.
Maheen has gone back to her in-laws.
Then what else?
If she heard that then she will kill you. No she hasn't gone back.
Wrong answer.
At least give me some hints. Tell me something.
Look at me.
Look at me very carefully.
Oh, Adeel.
Adeel's family is coming to fix your marriage date.
No but you are very close.
Think a bit more, maybe you can give right answer.
I am not thinking, you are not giving me any hints.
Now tell me by yourself.
Saad.
Adeel is coming to Karachi.
I said the same thing.
Are you getting married?
No.
Adeel is coming with his friend's procession.
That's nonsense.
Adeel should bring his own procession here along with his friend.
You are in a hurry to get rid of me.
No, I am not in a hurry but the worrying thing is that even Adeel is not in any kind of hurry.
But if I was in his place then I wouldn't delay this much.
Saad, stop your nonsense.
You are my friend and fiance of my younger sister as well.
Don't you feel ashamed by saying this.
No, I don't feel ashamed.
And isn't this sufficient that you are my friend.
What do you mean by fiance of younger sister?
This relation has no significance in front of friendship.
First you decide whether I am your friend or best female friend.
But what is the difference between these two.
There is a difference of gender between these two.
Oh I see.
If that is the case then
Then I am your best female friend and you are my friend.
Perfect.
I pray to God that uncle and aunt may not allow Adeel to come here.
Then that will be a great fun.
You are so bad.
Tell me, am I looking good in this color?
Hmm
It's so so.
I knew you will say this.
I shouldn't even talk to you.
Hey, listen to me.
Zara
What? What are you talking about brother?
Will you take our permission for Adeel's visit to our home now?
No, there is no such thing.
In fact, things have changed now.
Adeel and Zara are married now.
So it doesn't matter, this is Adeel's aunt's house.
He can come here whenever he wants and he can stay here as long as he wants.
So tell this to your nephew yourself.
He asked me to call you and take permission.
Wow.
If that is the case then tell him.
That your aunt said that you are my nephew so be like that
but if you want to become son-in-law then I will treat him in very harsh way.
OK. OK
Greetings.
Greetings. You are late today.
Yes, I got late because of my extra class.
By the way, didn't Saad come today?
Saad roams around here all the time.
Where will he go? He has nothing to do.
So now you have issue with this thing as well.
What do you want to say that I have issue with everything?
And you don't consider my problems genuine.
Why do you classify everything as right or wrong?
You should talk in a normal way.
Yes, I am not normal.
I am stuck between right and wrong.
Right?
But you are a normal person so don't talk to me. Just leave.
Yes.
I won't talk to you. I don't like to talk to you.
How are you?
Hmm
I am perfectly fine. When did you come?
I have just come here and I think you have just returned from university.
Yes, and as usual I am entering the house and you are leaving.
Yes, I am going with Zara.
She wants to buy something for Adeel.
Oh I see.
So, what will you buy for me?
For you?
Hmm.
Good question.
I will bring whatever you will ask me.
Let's do one thing, you can also go with us.
You can buy whatever you like.
No, I have just come back and very tired. I don't want to go.
OK, tell me what do I bring for you?
By the way, has brother Adeel told Zara that what he is bringing for Zara?
No, he hasn't told her.
So why do I tell you about my choice?
Well, I want to see that what else do you like among beautiful things other than me.
Oh I see, so now you will test me.
Let's go Saad, I am ready.
Will you go in this dress?
Yes, what's wrong with my attire?
Go and change your dress.
Why do I change? I am looking so good.
By the way, I am so happy today.
Because Adeel is coming.
Let's go, you are so talkative. Bye.
Please bring something for me. Don't come back empty handed.
There are prayers for you.
Here is your tea.
And you should advise Zenny that she shouldn't misbehave with me.
What did she say to you?
She said that all problems in my life are only because of me.
There is no fault of my in-laws and I am guilty for everything.
Why would she say this?
How do I know? You should ask her.
And advise her in your own way because everyone will feel uncomfortable if I will advise her.
What was Zenny saying?
Oh.
I forgot.
She asked me to bring something for her.
But you didn't buy anything for her.
I asked her that what does she want but she didn't tell me.
So how do I know, what she would like.
If she won't tell you anything then won't you buy anything for her?
So what's wrong in telling me?
You also tell me when you need something.
Yes but she is your fiance and I am just your friend.
And girls don't like to tell everything.
They want their loved one to understand their feelings without saying anything.
Why? What's the reason behind this?
Because in this way they feel that their bond is very strong and they fantasize such things.
So such girls should get engaged with rich boys.
Because they understand everything without listening anything.
That's really stupid. It's not funny at all.
Let's do one thing, we will buy something for her.
You are newly engaged with her. Build some understanding with her.
OK, we will buy something.
But tell me one thing.
Do Adeel and you understand each others' feelings like this, without even saying anything?
Hmm
Yes we do understand so often.
Wow, wow, wow, what a strong bond between Karachi's Zara and doctor Adeel of Hyderabad. Right?
Both of you understand each others' feelings despite of such a long distance.
And that too without saying or listening anything. Wow that's wonderful.
Well.
Eat this sandwich now.
Adeel will feel so happy that we take good care of his wife.
Saad, isn't there any difference for you at home or outside home? People are looking at us.
Who is looking?
Hey, why are you staring at us?
We are not on a date.
She is married and I am engaged.
Saad.
We are friends.
You are so crazy. I won't come with you next time.
Mom.
Hmm.
Mom.
Stop Adeel.
It's not good to go to his in-laws house like this.
He shouldn't go there.
Why do I stop him?
And by the way, he didn't ask me.
He talked to your dad and he has allowed him to go there.
So, you didn't say anything to dad.
He said that Adeel is not going to his in-laws house.
He is going to Karachi with his friend's procession.
So it is not possible that he goes to Karachi and doesn't meet his aunt.
His aunt will mind that.
He is not going with his friend's procession. It's just a drama.
Madam Zara must have called him and asked him to come.
She must be feeling sad.
That's why, I hate this mobile phone so much.
The girls these days trap boys by talking on phone.
Then they don't listen to their mothers.
So the same thing is happening to you son mom.
If he asked dad then he should have asked you as well.
Madam Zara must have forbidden him that don't tell your mom.
Now, she will incite him against us. You will see.
What do I say about her.
When my own son doesn't give any importance to me.
And as far as madam Zara is concerned.
She will definitely incite. If not today then she will do that in future.
But no problem, let her do that.
Let me see, what does she get.
It means that you won't stop Adeel from going to Karachi.
Why would I do that? Why?
He didn't talk to me so I won't talk to him as well.
I am his mother, he is not my father.
I am prescribing these pain killers.
What's your name?
Zara.
What?
Zara.
I have prescribed some pain killers and you also have to conduct an x-ray.
OK. Thank you doctor.
Adeel.
Will you call me from a nick name?
Is that necessary?
No, it's not.
But we call each other with love with different names.
So it means that if I won't chose any nickname for you then it means that I don't love you.
I didn't say that.
Do you know, a friend of mine has got married.
Her husband calls her with so many nicknames with love.
Oh I see.
So it means that I will have to chose a nickname for you. OK, let me think.
You can chose whatever you like.
Zara.
Do you know one thing?
I don't understand this logic of nicknames.
In my opinion, if you love someone then you love each and everything associated with that person.
Everything and every action.
Just like I love your name
Zara.
Yes.
Yes, please send
You know that she is so irritating these days.
She is your elder sister and she has so many big problems.
Don't take her words seriously.
Do you know that what did she say to me?
She said that Saad roams around in this house all the time.
Should she have said that?
No but...
I didn't complain against her.
Then why is she lying.
And she knows it very well that Saad doesn't come here only because of me
Mom what if Saad knew about this then?
But who will tell Saad?
He won't know about that.
And Saad is familiar to the environment of this house he comes here since his childhood and knows her nature very well.
He won't mind.
Just ignore as if nothing is happened.
But mom, she talked to me like this.
Why only me?
Saad comes in this house since his childhood.
If anyone feels bad that he comes here after engagement
Then it's very obvious that question is being raised on my character.
Mom, I can't tolerate such things from her.
Please advise her in your own way.
OK, I will do that.
Greetings.
Greetings.
As I told you that Zenny will mind this.
So you see she mind it.
For God's sake, keep quiet.
And don't say any such thing in there.
Come.
Zenny.
Zenny, come here. Let me show you my shopping items.
Oh you are back. Show me.
I have bought this for Adeel. How is this?
Very nice color.
It's very nice.
By the way Zara, don't you think that aunt and Mahi won't feel good about it.
But why will they feel bad Zenny?
You are asking this question from me.
Maybe you are right.
But as you know that Adeel brings so many gifts for me.
Look, the situation is different in boys' case.
Their small things are not notable.
But if you will send this gift then everyone will note this.
By the way, I don't think that brother Adeel must have sent gifts to you by informing someone.
If that was the case
Then someone would have said anything.
You maybe right. It is possible that no one may know this time as well.
Is brother Adeel coming here alone?
Hmm
Wow.
Zenny
It's your favorite perfume.
For me.
Aw, thank you so much. Do you know that my perfume was finished.
I knew, that's why I have brought this for you.
I came to your room in afternoon but you were sleeping.
Thank you.
You got so late in buying these few things.
We got late because of Saad, he was so confused.
He was confused and he was also confusing me.
He was afraid in selecting everything.
That whether Zenny will like it or not so we got late.
That's good. He should be afraid.
Because the scary time for girls is over now.
You are absolutely right. OK, see this. I have bought this.
Please come.
Come here. Look at your son's shopping.
Look at this. This dress is branded.
The cost of this one dress is thirty nine thousand nine hundred ninety nine rupees.
Oh my God, it's too expensive.
So it cost forty thousand rupees, they mustn't have returned him one rupee.
Do you think that he must have bought this from a local shop.
Look at these things, the cost of these things are thousands of rupees.
In my opinion, you should bring your daughter-in-law here.
Their dowry must be ready.
I don't understand, what is Adeel doing?
Now tell me, will you talk to him or not?
Where is he?
He has gone with groom for shopping.
And I am sure that he will buy few more things to fill this bag.
Do one thing, pick all these things and put in my room.
No, let it here.
But why?
He will take everything and give her as a gift.
I will give all these things to his bride at the time of marriage.
You are talking childishly.
What do you think that if you will keep all these things with you then he will take this empty bag with him?
He will buy again and will spend more money.
I am telling you, talk to him very clearly.
That he can't waste your hard earned money like this.
And if he is so impatient then bring his bride immediately.
Mom, please give me three thousand rupees.
Why? Why do need that much money?
Mom, I have to go to my friend's house for combined studies.
She orders pizza and burgers for me everyday.
So I want to order something for her tomorrow.
You took four thousand rupees two days ago by saying this.
Mom.
What happened mom? Why are you scolding her?
Don't express your anger with Adeel and Zara on her.
She spends money unnecessarily.
OK, go and take from my wallet. And not more than two thousand. Right?
OK. Thanks.
That's not right mom, you are humiliating her for two thousand rupees.
But you don't say anything to him who is spending millions of rupees needlessly.
Tell me, what will you say to him.
Let me do some thing. He has become a slave.
Let's see what will you do? You don't say anything to him.
Where is Maheen? Why is she not eating?
Her mood is off since afternoon.
She said that she won't eat, she has a headache.
Thanks my child.
You should talk to her in-laws.
Rather you should talk to Usama, he will listen to you.
Advise him that don't ruin his house.
At least he shouldn't ruin our daughter's life. We are not habitual of such chaos.
If I am not wrong Maheen's mother-in-law said the same thing about his son.
That you should advise your daughter that don't ruin my son's life.
But in my opinion, they not only have ruined their own lives rather they have ruined each others' lives.
And now they have nothing left to be ruined.
You are saying this about your daughter.
So she should have listened to me at that time.
I told her that this family is not right for you and your marriage won't last long.
But no, she didn't listen to her dad.
It's her fault and we are facing the consequences.
So now you will take revenge from Maheen.
Have you lost your mind? You say without thinking.
Will I take revenge from my daughter for her mistake?
She is my elder daughter. All three daughters are dearer to me more than my life.
I can't even think anything bad about them.
But you are not doing anything to correct her mistake.
And to whom do I say, I can only talk to you.
Be patient. Hold on.
We will proceed if they will say something.
Give me water.
Your husband was a contractor as well.
So did you also became a contractor.
He was not a contractor. He was a builder.
He constructed the buildings but he couldn't build his own house.
You have taunted me. Right?
I will definitely taunt back.
But at right time.
What time will you leave tomorrow?
Tomorrow.
We will leave for Karachi at 3 PM.
Hmm, and for how many days will you stay here after marriage?
As long as my in-laws will bear me.
It means that you will stay here for five days.
What do you mean? Will you only bear me for five days only?
You know, why I am saying this.
And why are you saying this?
Because it will 25th of this month after seven days.
And that will be Saturday.
You have to go to Islamabad to attend a seminar.
You will stay here for five days. Will take rest on Friday and then leave for Islamabad.
Oh yes, I forgot that I have to attend that seminar next week.
But I remembered that.
Tell me one thing.
How do you remember every minor thing about me?
In the same way as you remember about me.
Well, listen
You will attend my friend's wedding with me.
I will ask from mom and dad.
If they allowed me then I will definitely go with you.
And what if they didn't allow you then?
Then I will take your permission.
Permission?
Which permission?
If I am asking you then I want you to go with me.
I mean to say
If mom and dad didn't allow me.
Then please allow me to refuse you.
It means that you will take my permission to refuse me.
And what if I didn't allow you then?
I know that you won't do that.
Really?
So you have that much trust on me.
I trust you a little bit less than your trust on me.
Let me tell you one thing.
You have become so talkative.
Adeel, mom is calling you, let's go downstairs.
Zara, mom is calling me, do you want to discuss anything important?
No, we will talk later. Good bye.
OK, good bye.
Mom and dad want to say some important things. Come quickly.
Why are you so worried for no reason?
He is not coming.
He is talking to Zara on phone and said that he has to discuss something important.
Please wait.
What?
Has she become more important than mother.
How do I know?
He is behaving like this now then what will happen in the future?
Did you see, Mr. Ahmed?
Well, I don't see anything.
When he will come then ask him about that important discussion.
I won't ask anything.
I am telling you Mr. Ahmed that I won't allow Adeel to go to Karachi. I am scared.
I am so scared, my heart is pounding. I won't allow my son to go to Karachi.
Mom, what happened? Why are you so worried?
Adeel, listen to me.
You will not go to Karachi.
I won't let you go there. Promise me that you won't go there. Promise me.
What do you mean by that? Why are you stopping me?
Sister, what's the matter?
Mom has dreamed that it's not good for you to go to Karachi.
You have dreamed. I don't understand anything.
My son, your mom has seen you drenched in blood.
And she thinks that your Karachi visit will prove inauspicious for you.
Now, tell us what will you do?
Mom, that was just a dream.
Why are you getting worried because of that dream. There is no such thing.
What do you mean Adeel?
You don't give any importance to mom's dreams.
What are you talking about?
What's wrong with it? Dreams are signals from nature.
Yes. Yes
Yes, it is a signal. God gives such signals to mothers. God is very close to mothers.
Mothers know, what is right and what is wrong for their children.
I am telling you Adeel.
You won't go to Karachi. I won't let you go there.
Promise and swear on me.
That you won't go to Karachi.
Mom, it's my friend's wedding.
I must go there. All preparations have been done.
Yes, he is right.
He has made so many preparations.
And Zara must be waiting for him there as well.
And if he won't go there then she will become angry and cry.
Mother's tears have no worth in front of Zara's tears.
What's wrong with you?
Why do you keep saying such nonsense all the time?
Keep yourself away from this matter.
She is your elder sister and she is saying this because is she is concerned for you.
Why don't you understand.
You won't say a single word. Come here and sit with me.
I won't let you go there.
Adeel, I have seen a very bad dream so I won't let you go there. Swear on me.
You won't go there.
OK, get relax.
You made me worried.
I won't let you go there.
The same bogus stories.
I told you about this.
We stopped watching because of this.
Tea is ready.
Here is hot tea for all of you.
Oh, Zara.
You take so much time to make tea.
Zenny, put this cup back. It's for dad, it's without sugar.
It means that Zara takes so much time to make tea.
You are in hurry to take tea.
She wants to do everything in a hurry so you should marry her in a hurry as well.
Are you taking revenge from me for making tea.
Of course, because it was your turn today.
Mom she is very lazy.
You should have given tea to Maheen as well.
I don't know what has Zenny said to her that she hasn't come out of her room since afternoon.
Mom, I am sure that she must have put mask on her face, in fact Zara should have done that.
I know that it won't make any difference for Mahi.
Don't say such things. She takes your jokes seriously.
She doesn't mind my words. Take care of yourself.
She minds your words so be careful while talking to her.
Right.
Dad.
Why did you change the channel. I was watching that serial.
My scenes will be missed. Please.
It's my choice.
Mom did you see. Dad please.
She was watching.
Well the channel is changed now so I won't change again.
OK, I won't talk to anyone.
OK, let me change this.
Happy now? Take remote as well.
This is useless fight. You always give her remote in the end.
Thank God.
Mom.
Mom, I am telling you. Something is going on between dad and Adeel.
Let them do that.
I won't let Adeel go to Karachi at all.
Your consent doesn't matter.
I am telling you that he will go there.
No matter what you do.
Didn't you see that he didn't refuse once.
This is happening because of your dad's support.
It's his fault.
Otherwise it's not difficult to control Adeel.
Let me think.
Now what will you do?
He will go in the morning.
Yes.
I have a idea.
What?
I should go with Adeel.
Wow, wow, wow.
One wasn't enough that the second one has come.
I am stopping him to go there and you are ready to go there as well. Wow.
What an idea.
Well, if I will go with him then I will see that what is going on there.
As if you don't know that what is going on there. Right?
Their love story is going on there.
And what will you do by going there.
There is no need to go there.
What I have to do, I will know that when I will reach there.
Maybe, I can break this marriage.
What do you mean by that?
What are you thinking?
What will you do?
I won't do anything.
Everything will be done by Zara herself.
It is said
It's not a wise thing to dig a hole and push someone into that hole.
Rather the wise thing is that whom we want to push into the hole, we force that person to dig that hole himself.
I will do that.
Let me go there, you will hear the good news.
Hey, what are you doing?
Can't you see that I have just cleaned the floor but you came in with dirty shoes.
What happened? Wash my joggers as well.
At least I will get some benefit of your day off from university.
Really?
I cleaned the floor but you have messed everything.
Behave yourself while talking to me.
I am your future husband.
You should respect me.
Oh really? I should respect you.
Am I your future maid?
Do you have any idea? So you will laugh now.
I have been doing cleaning work since morning but you.
You have made the mess.
Will you take my life now.
Tell me, did you like my gifts?
Very bad.
But thank you so much.
It means you really liked those.
You must have got an idea.
That my choice is good for beautiful things other than you.
Wow.
It is said that delusion can't be treated even by Hakeem Luqman.
Hey.
Why are you mentioning such difficult names?
Don't mention such difficult names, people will know about your real age.
Then people will taunt me that I am marrying to an elderly girl.
I think there is so much hot out here so
So what about...
OK sorry, sorry.
I won't leave you today.
Oh.
I am so sorry. Actually, I..
No problem, you were throwing water on Saad but it came to me. I didn't mind it.
There is no difference between Saad and me. Right?
No. Even then, I am so sorry.
I couldn't see you.
No problem, why are you apologizing again and again? Has Saad gone to Zara?
Do you want to meet dad?
Actually, dad is not at home.
But mom is at home so please meet her.
Water the plants.
Yes.
Thank you.
Adeel, have you informed your in-laws that I am also coming with you?
Yes, I informed them.
Didn't they say anything?
Why would they say anything?
I mean, they weren't expecting me.
That's why I am asking.
There is no such thing.
No one said anything.
What can they say by the way?
They won't feel happy on my arrival.
Actually, I think that they are not feeling happy on your arrival as well.
That's why no one came to receive you.
Everyone knew that I am coming with my friend's procession.
And first I have to go to the bride's house.
Even I didn't know that you will come with me and we will have to hire this cab.
OK, don't favor your in-laws.
You are son-in-law of that family.
At least they should give this much protocol to their son-in-law.
I didn't like this at all.
Someone should have come to receive you.
And you will go to their house.
Sister you know
Brother Ali lives in Islamabad so how could he come to receive me.
And would you like it if uncle would have come to receive me in this hot weather?
At least Zara could come
She could come with any of her friends rather she could come with her friend Saad.
But no.
Anyways, if you are not concerned then why do I say anything. Just leave it.
Zara if you have finished your preparations then come quickly. Brother Adeel has arrived.
OK, I am coming in couple of minutes.
Hmm
Zenny, Zara, come here, guests have arrived.
Greetings.
My dear nephew.
Greetings.
Greetings. God bless you.
Greetings aunt.
Greetings.
How are you my dolly?
I am fine.
He will bring your bags. Come in.
You come in as well.
How are you?
I am fine. How about you?
How was your journey?
No matter how was the journey but the destination is very good.
You are looking so beautiful.
Thank you. Please come in.
After you.
Well, tell me about your journey. Was that comfortable?
No uncle, we didn't face any problem. We have reached here very conveniently.
Yes, Adeel is habitual of traveling and he was in a hurry to come here.
Actually I am a bit tired because I don't travel that much.
Yes it happens. First take tea then you can take rest.
No aunt, I don't want to take tea.
Take me to room, I want to take some rest.
My child, Zara is making sandwiches, eat a few with tea then take rest.
Just leave it. She is tired. Let her take rest.
Zenny give her tea in room.
She is also Maheen part two.
Take her.
Let's go.
Yes.
What about your medical practice?
By the grace of God, everything is alright.
Do you save your patients or...
What are you talking about?
Don't say that.
God bless you and may God keep you save from evil sight.
I was just joking.
Come here sister Maham.
Hmm.
Tell me, are you going to university or left your studies like Zara.
Zara didn't left her studies, she completed her masters.
Oh I see.
Do you know that everyone asks in Hyderabad that what is the field of study of doctor Adeel's wife.
Since he is doctor then they think that his wife must also be a doctor.
Your husband was a contractor as well.
So did you also become a contractor?
He was not a contractor, he was a builder.
He used to build buildings but he couldn't build his own house.
You have taunted me. Right?
I will definitely taunt you back.
But at the right time.
I am so sorry. I didn't mean that.
No problem. Where is my room?
This is your room.
My luggage is outside, bring that in.
I have put your luggage in the room.
Thank you.
I am so sorry if you feel bad. I was just joking.
Be careful while joking.
Be careful while talking to me in future.