Tea will only drive your sleep away. 
But tiredness was only an excuse to get tea.
 I know all your ploys, since I've been seeing them from our childhood.
Here you are, have your tea. 
how progressive you two have become. 
When I got married... I didn't talk to my husband in front of anyone for months!
But I think this is just about one's morals. 
I was very shy.
Zara's in-laws live so far away. It's not like she can come here daily from Hyderabad.
If you are so wise, then why weren't you so smart when it came to you?
I mean, husband and wives with each almost every other day. 
Why did you come back home after two years?
so my guess was right
last night the late night discussion was with Mahi
I didn't had an idea, but I was sure that what is going to happen at your sister's house
what is about to happen at Sarwat's house?
your dearest daughter-in-law & her cunning sisters has made Mahi's life a living hell
I had told you, not to send Adeel
but nobody listens to me in this house
oho, you know it was important for the children to go there
I had told you
I saw a dream, if Adeel didn't go to Karachi then his mother...
nothing is going to happen to me
and you had lied, so that you can send Adeel
I know
So, even you had lied that you saw a dream so that you can stop Adeel here
not at all! I have seen the dream in real & you know my dreams are true
even I was scared
what if my dream comes true then what if my wife...
its so wrong, its your old habit to stall any matter as a joke
anyways, leave everything & tell me what I am asking
who will ask them, is this how you treat your guests?
my daughter is in such a bad condition while crying continuously
will you talk or shall I talk to Serwat myself, then nobody will say that I have misbehaved with them
Look, whatever is happening in that house I am very well aware of it
I had a word with Adeel
and if I wanted to talk to someone then it won't be Sarwat but Mahi
what will you talk to Mahi about?
its sisters duty to keep their brothers family united
and she shall stop creating problems between Zara & Adeel
is Mahir creating the difficulties?
what she did?
and who is giving you such reports?
anyways, why am I asking you? 
its obvious...
Zara must be calling you
honestly, she is such a cunning girl!
See, even its true & if Zara is talking to me then what's the problem in it?
if she is discussing her problems with me, after all she is my daughter
She is not your daughter, Mahi is your daughter
who is getting taunts in that house for her divorce
who is being called the witch who is creating fuss in the house
impossible!
those girls can never use such words
you are making up all of these stories
you are lying!
Adeel has misbehaved with her, and made her apologize in front of Zara
lie!
and stop telling me such things by exaggerating them, Farida
I am very well aware of whatever is happening in that house
really?
then you must also know that what your dear niece was doing in our son's room
its such a shameful thing though
Zara & Adeel are husband & wife, they can meet wherever they want to
they are not husband & wife, they have just pronounced their nuptial vows now
there is a difference in between a wife & fiance
really?
if there is a difference then alright, lets remove this difference
start preparations, meanwhile let me call Manzoor
We'll soon bring our mandate from there after doing the reception ceremony
Okay?
oh God, what have I done?
I had forgotten this matter myself while explaining Mahi, that we don't have to discuss this matter else it will come on our head
now its on our head!
Mr. Ahmed
Mr. Ahmed...
hey Zara, come sit here with Adeel
somebody had said, there should be understanding between a husband & a wife
otherwise, their condition will become same like mine
what's wrong Mahi dear?
oh no aunt, nothing
actually, yesterday somebody had taught me that its important to have an understanding between a husband & a wife
otherwise divorces happen
like I have got one
2 years ago...
what's wrong dear? Has someone said something to you?
its all about fate, what's your fault in it?
I had said it
why I had said it, ask that too
no matter what the reason is
you shouldn't have said such things
dad, but I..
Enough!
no more argument
say sorry to Mahi & end this matter
Dad, how can you ask me to apologize without listening to my side of the story?
its not my mistake. I won't apologize
uncle, let it be. Its ok
her apology won't make any difference
its obvious, I will get taunts since I am divorced
its ok, I haven't mind it
I am leaving, as I'm getting late
hey...
at least drink your tea then leave, what's wrong?
No mom
who can drink the tea now?
Okay bye!
I think now we shall end this argument
serve the tea dear
Adeel, take some tea
its completely cold
let me make another one
yes please, make it
Zara, why she had said such distance related things? What had happened?
No, there isn't any such thing
there is something for sure, else she would have never said such things on the table in front of all
Tell me, I am asking you something Zara
I'm telling you, nothing happened
you are hiding from me Zara, I'm sure something might have happened
and girls like Mahi are called, bad sister-in-laws!
I can write it down, she is here to create some mess for sure
and you are giving her full chance if you'll hide something
believe me, there is no such thing
I won't believe you, because you are lying to me
girls like you don't get a lesson until you don't get hurt
at least don't say this
I'm saying this Zara so that nothing wrong shall happen
Besides, you won't do anything. Now I have to answer her to set her straight
don't spread thorns in your path, Zara. Such kind of in-laws are a trial
you have to take every step very cautiously
don't worry, I am telling you nothing as such will happen
Fine! I will talk to Adeel tomorrow
you'll talk to Adeel? About what? I'm telling you nothing as such had happened
because you are lying to me, Zara
Fine
then talk to Adeel
Adeel, the reason behind talking to you is that
you are Zara's husband
and eventually you are responsible for her somehow, whether she has a direct relation with you or not
and I also understand that its not only one person's fault
So if Mahi is angry then maybe its Zara's mistake as well
aunt, there isn't any fault of Zara
sure?
you think this way?
yes aunt
Zara is married to me & Mahi is my sister
both relations are respectable for me
but I will blame that person who did the mistake
and Zara doesn't have any fault in this situation
yes dear, but if...
Mahi has mind something, then something wrong must have happened. She won't say anything on her own
Adeel look
right now, neither consider me your mother-in-law or your aunt
you are just like Ali to me, just like my son
and the way you haven't differentiated between Mahi & Zara while doing justice
I'm telling you, I will do the same. But dear, I should know
what had happened?
aunt, actually I...
I was with Zara, Mahi came over & said something inappropriate
by the way, what were you discussing on the way. I wasn't getting it
tell me now
not now, I will tell you later
but I have time right now, we can talk. Tell me
Just like that, I was talking about brother Adnan
that guy seems quite shady to me
he says something inappropriate while talking that a person looses its cool
what as such he had said?
the same rubbish!
he had talked about me & Zara
Why? What he had said about you & Zara?
the same thing, that such people say
when a guy & a girl are friends
oh...
and why are you telling me this? What's the point?
Nothing! I was just saying it like that
Saad, if you are telling me this so that I don't doubt you both by coming into anyone's words
then nobody is as stupid as you are!
I mean...
Saad look!
Zara is my sister
I know her very well
I trust her completely
and on me?
on you too, stupid!
and I am not going to give an ear on anyone's words
who says what or thinks what, it doesn't make any difference to me
one more thing! I'm so sure about one thing
what's mine is only mine
nobody can snatch it away from me, no matter how hard anyone tries
by the way, you are talking so good today. So lets take an off
off?
yes
we'll go & sit somewhere
you keep talking such things
and I will keep listening to you
there is no need to! today you'll listen to my good talks
and the way I will be insulted tomorrow, that won't be good at all
and here, they don't insult you while sitting
do you know, they make you stand in front of the entire class insult you
Ok then, I am leaving now
Okay
ok listen
yes?
shall I come to pick you?
you may see
you can come if you get time
otherwise, still do come
Ok bye!
I will come, bye!
now tell me uncle, what's my fault or mistake in it?
if I have stopped Adeel for something then what wrong I've done?
don't know what not Zara is telling Maheen, and now she is taunting me
no no, you did the right thing dear
being an elder its your duty
actually its not Adeel & Zara's mistake as well
its ours
we shouldn't have prolonged this nuptial vows for too long
no no uncle, we aren't in a hurry to do the wedding
we'll do the wedding ceremony as per our convenience
but we are in a hurry, dear
we want Zara to wed off as soon as possible
I had talked to her mother as well, and we would have talked if your mother or father would have come
but they haven't thought about it as of yet
shall I tell you something?
stop their meetings
restrictions?
dear, when there aren't any restrictions as per the religion
then who am I to restrict them in an official relation?
yes?
in fact, do one thing
stop interfering in this matter now
these are elders matters, they'll sit & decide it mutually
the children won't speak in this matter by any means
Ok
yes
very good!
what have I done?
mom was right, I shouldn't have discussed it
would you like to drink tea or so. Will you eat something?
No thank you!
from your face, it looks as if you haven't eaten since so long
its all done by you, Mahi
if you saw something, then you could have kept your mouth shut!
but no!
you have to speak in that every matter, where you need to say quiet
Fine! You can scold me as much as you want to
because you cannot scold someone else, no one else is in your control
so, who had asked you to enter their rooms?
and to listen to their discussions?
you have escalated the matter, Mahi. Now admit your mistake
ok fine! I accept that it was my mistake
Fine! Now tell me how will you handle all this? How will you stop this wedding?
answer me!
I will
I have to do something somehow
but whatever I will do, I will do it myself
you have already ruined everything Mahi, for God sake now don't do anything else
oh please mom! there is no need to say such things to me
your son isn't in your control at all
and same is the case with dad
even after your confrontation he got your only son Adeel married to Zara
whether its my mistake or not, but this wedding ceremony will take place
what can you do? You can do nothing. When you couldn't do anything earlier, so you won't be able to do anything now
the earlier times were different
now I have to do something
this girl cannot come to my house as a daughter-in-law at any cost
but please stay out of all these matter. For God sake!
I won't say anything.
You & I, both are here. Lets see what will happen
Adeel
you've scared me
I haven't scared you
in fact, this cruel society has
its nothing like that
there is no cruel society in between us
really?
then why aren't you giving importance to me?
is there any anger or so?
you know it very well
that I cannot stay upset with you
then are you being cautious?
yes... haven't you heard? "precaution is better than cure"
really?
now you'll talk against treatment, while being a doctor's wife?
that's wrong!
you'll shut down my work
it seems that your treatment is not done in the right manner. Let me call your doctor right away
Maha...
No, absolutely not!
already she had opened such a big case
besides... 
now the big doctors will do the treatment
I have talked to dad
he'll call to fix our wedding date
what did you talk about to uncle?
whatever had happened here
you've told all that uncle?
Adeel, how can you tell such things to uncle about me?
if I won't tell him about you, then will I tell him about someone else?
he will kill me!
you don't feel a bit ashamed though
Okay, listen to me
I cannot listen to you at all. I have so much of work.
Adeel, I have to go
I came to meet you, Zara
I'm busy right now, we'll talk later
and if Adnan uncle will see, then he'll say something wrong & you'll mind it
Saad, why are you giving a chance to others to talk inappropriate about us?
give it to me
Sarwat
yes...
I want to discuss something important with you
yes yes, I was just clearing the wardrobe
leave the wardrobe. Your brother had just called
brother Ahmed? All good?
he was talking about Zara & Adeel's wedding date
I said, I will go home & take your suggestion...
all of a sudden?
I had a word with him day before yesterday, at that time he hadn't said any such thing
whatever we wants, he wants the same. So what's the point of all of a sudden in it?
what happen, why are you quiet? What are you thinking?
I am feeling afraid
you must be afraid of Mahi's behavior
No... its not about Mahi
was sister Fareeda not enough
I had thought since Maham is married, so now our Zara will tolerate them
but she came back after taking divorce
both of them together will make my daughter's life a living hell!
what are we about to do?
what else can we do except for this?
Zara's nuptial vows are done already
nothing is left in our hands anymore
you should have thought about all this earlier
when you & your sister had to decide everything, then what's the need to talk to me?
why are you telling me?
you can call them not only once but many times, I don't care!
we haven't fixed anything as of yet, I've just talked to them about the wedding date
and brother Manzoor said he'll let me know after doing suggestion at home
So, where am I in this suggestion?
Adeel is my son!
nobody didn't even bothered to discuss it with me
you must be the only Pakistani mother, who isn't happy to know about her son's wedding
have some God fear, Fareeda
its been too long that Zara & Adeel's nuptial vows were done
do you have any idea?
how can I forget that wretched day?
when you took me to Karachi by making an excuse of your mother's illness
after going there, you had wed off Adeel with that wretched Zara forcibly without my consent
Adeel's nuptial vows weren't done forcibly
its done as per his likeness & consent
and that too because of you!
so that you cannot create any issues in that relation
why are you telling me?
as if I don't know yours & your sister's slyness!
but let me tell you one thing
that now Adeel's wedding will be done whenever I want it to happen
Zara will not come in this house as a bride without my consent
we'll see that
listen to one thing very clearly
you cannot control such matters
I have already talked to brother Manzoor, & its not a joke
brother Manzoor will decide when to do the wedding ceremony
and whichever date he will decide, we will do the wedding ceremony on the same date
so it would be better for you to start doing the wedding preparations
and don't waste your energy on such useless things
there is no need to!
I don't want to do any preparations, I will not go in the wedding
Fine!
if you won't go in the wedding then lets do one thing, lets arrange the wedding here
believe me! I will convince him to do the wedding in this city
Okay, happy now?
what's this, you are washing the clothes
you don't have time for me, since your in-laws are here
are you impressing Mahi by doing work?
why will I impress anyone? And that too by washing clothes?
by the way, there is no use of such things now
you've already got us humiliated because of your romance
Saad, what rubbish you are talking?
think before saying anything. What will anyone think, if they hear us?
who will hear? Mahi?
are you talking about Mahi?
Saad, you've started again? Go downstairs, I am coming. Go, meet Adeel
what do you mean?
I came to meet you, Zara
I'm busy right now, we'll talk later
and if Adnan uncle will see, then he'll say something wrong & you'll mind it
Saad, why are you giving a chance to others to talk inappropriate about us?
give it to me
Okay
I've understood
Sorry!
Saad, listen to me
don't call me like this
what will anyone say, if they hear us
Adeel
are you upset?
I am not upset but amazed
haven't you gone as of yet?
you had booked the tickets though
I had said it in anger, I wasn't leaving
are you going to wear this?
why, is it not good?
Zara has gifted it
if you have an objection then I will not wear it
when did I said that? And why will I have an objection?
its such a nice shirt
but it will look more nice on Saad
I mean, it will also suit you a lot if you'll wear it. So wear this one
I was asking, around what time we have to go? Is Zara coming along with us?
what do you mean?
you will also come with us?
I came to attend this wedding from so far
but if you have a problem then I won't go. I will stay here
I don't have any problem
really? Then tell me at what time we have to go
8pm
that's fine
its 2:30 pm right now, there is still 4 to 5 hours
your mood will also be fine by that time, please spit your anger
then we'll go together. Ok?
you had asked me to see you before leaving
yes, kindly bring me a few things. And this is the amount
is it urgent? Is it possible if I go later?
obviously its urgent that's why I am asking you
otherwise, I would have waited for dad to come back or I would have brought it myself
Ok, let me bring it
why your mood is off?
my mood is fine
Since you are coming from upstairs, so I hope Adnan uncle haven't said anything to you
there are a few people besides brother Adnan
who talks like him
did aunt Shaista said anything?
whoever had said anything, what is the need for you to know?
when I have said, I'm fine & my mood is fine. Then I am fine
he might have argued with Zara for sure
but he said, talks like Adnan uncle. Why will Zara talk like that?
Zara will do a lot more, just wait & watch
girls like Zara do a lot of things to make their in-laws happy
what do you mean?
nothing! just eat your food
come on, eat your food
what are you looking in the mobile?
thank God that you've kept the mobile phone away
Listen! Zara's in-laws are here
I was thinking to invite them on the dinner
why shall we invite them?
the people who have called them over, don't they have food to feed them?
Adnan, we live here. And it won't make any difference if we'll invite them on the dinner
we have some responsibility too
the people whom they are visiting, whose guests they are. They'll do their dinner
they'll invite them for the dinner, why shall we do our expense?
the limit!
sometimes I feel amazed!
we've been living here since so long, and we aren't paying any rent or so. What about that?
what do you mean, without paying rent?
you used to live downstairs in a separate room, and there is no rent for it
no matter you are their distant relative, but still you are their sister
what was the need for them to shift you upstairs? After all, there is no rent for living downstairs
yes, until I had lived downstairs. I used to live with them
I used to eat with them as well
you had only sent the rent of 2 months
they did so many favors on me
otherwise, my own family didn't supported me at all
so they should have let us stay downstairs, why did they shifted us upstairs in a portion?
you were all alone, nobody else was there
you are out of question!
our stuff was lying in the upper portion
neither they could use it nor they could rent it out
that's stupidity
but stupid people can never understand this
if some place is furnished & it will be rented, then you get hefty rent instead of an unfurnished house
but who shall explain this to illiterate people?
only you are intelligent, rest all of us are stupid!
I am asking you about the dinner, so tell me when shall I invite them?
never
what do you mean by this?
I want to invite them on the dinner & I will
Ok fine, call them
when shall I invite?
the day when Kashmir will be free, invite them on the next day
we'll do a grand dinner, everyone will see. Ok?
I feel like breaking this mobile phone into small pieces
take it
brother... brother, your phone is ringing
let it be
its Zara calling
I know
give me the phone
is there any fight happening between you two?
No
so why you haven't picked up the phone? Maybe she have some work with you
I will talk to her whenever I feel like
hmm...
it means you guys had fought..
it means, when I have told you that there isn't any fight or so. Then there is nothing as such
don't repeat the same thing again & again
brother, why are you talking to me like this?
I have never seen you ignoring Zara's call, that's why I had asked
Sorry!
there isn't any such thing
Saad...
Saad dear...
yes mom, coming
do you like it?
yes, its very nice
alright then
tonight you'll wear the same dress at my friend's wedding
with me
I will also go?
why? Don't you want to come?
I haven't said that
but...
but the main thing is that, I went to uncle before coming here
I took permission from him & he doesn't have an objection
okay
but is it very important to wear alike clothes?
its not necessary, but I wanted to do twinning with you
but if you don't like then its fine, we won't do
I have no problem
I will wear these clothes
I just need to wear heels for the height
your choice is really good, these are very nice clothes
it will look more nice when you'll wear them
thank you!
my pleasure...
Wow Zara! its such a nice dress
do you know, its my favorite color
really?
yes!
if you don't mind, then can I wear this dress at the event today?
whats wrong? you can say it clearly on my face if you want to refuse. Why are you quiet?
No... its not like that. You can wear it
sure?
Ok tell me, from where you've bought it?
I'm thinking to take mom & Mirha as well, maybe they like something
Adeel had brought it
Oh! Adeel had brought it?
Adeel had never brought such an expensive dress for his mom or sister ever
anyways leave it, I don't want to wear
what if Adeel gets angry with me once again
leave it
No, Adeel won't mind. You can wear it
No no, keep it with you & wear it. He'll get upset with me once again
if you are insisting a lot then let me wear it, no problem!
but you'll handle Adeel, ok?
you know I came in such a hurry, I couldn't even do the shopping
and Adeel brings quite a lot of things for you in his bag
you can wear anything
thank you!