Open you eyes, look how beautiful you look.
So much makeup, I don't look good at all.
Doesn't it look good. You look pretty.
The kilos of makeup you've applied on your face...
because of that we can't see your face. Did you do it yourself?
Auntie what's wrong with you?
You are insulting my sister-in-law.
Zara, go upstairs.
Mother, she's worried, and she's not telling me.
Why don't you ask her?
She would have told you something if there was something.
You have always been skeptical of sister-in-law and Mahi.
Greetings* How are you?
I'm well, how are you? Did auntie Shaista not come?
She's at home doing the laundry. The entire house has left to visit Zara's in-laws.
Why didn't you guys go?
No one asked us. They asked Shaista to clean the house and left.
It's your in-laws, but I can't lie.
It's alright, please come inside.
How's your mother? She wasn't well at the wedding.
Mother is doing well now, she's resting at home.
If she's resting then I won't disturb her.
You can reach us on Shaista's number, you can call me and I'll come over.
What are you saying? Come inside and sit, I'll make a delicious cup of tea.
Make Adeel understand. It won't look good if there's no reception.
Come on! He's adamant on not having one
. I want my home to feel some joy as well.
He's my only son make him understand.
I don't know what to make him understand. This is a matter of your home.
What are you saying?
You've made us strangers after marrying your daughter.
You've forgotten that you have one more relationship in this house.
Zara and I decided beforehand that we would distribute the reception dinner at an orphanage.
If you want to invite someone, then you can by inviting them home for dinner.
He's right. For our happiness...
we spend million to feed others.
It won't matter if we don't do that.
Rather, they can join us for dinner.
By God's good grace, you kindness is killing me.
Do you all see? Look how well we've raised our son.
He won all arguments by using a single statement.
He has said something that I can't say more. It's settled then.
There will be no reception.
No... there will be a reception, but not like it usually happens.
Am I right son?
I think Maheen wants to say something, go ahead.
I don't want to say anything and I don't need anyone's permission to say anything. Understand?
You're taking it the wrong way. I thought you wanted to say something...
I'm sorry if you mind.
I don't care what you think, right now I don't want to say anything to anyone.
Can someone please ask me what I think.
I think the tea has gone cold.
You think the tea is cold. Mahi heat the tea for your brother.
No... there is no need to go.
Why don't you hold it for a while... I'm sure it will heat up from your anger.
Saad, what's the matter with you?
Mahi, pass me the nimco.
Thank you.
Don't take it the wrong way, I know Saad is your brother but...
I'm forced to tell you this, it's your brother's responsibility to take care of his mother as well, not just yours.
He's always at your in-laws.
My mother is not a burden on me.
If brother wants to take care of her, good, if not then that is up to him.
But I have to take care of my mother.
Even if I object I do it for brother.
It doesn't look nice to visit someone's home so often.
You're right... the matter of the in-laws is very fragile.
One might lose respect in an instance.
Anyways, now that Zara's married, I don't think he'll visit often.
Uncle Adnan, Zara was only an excuse, the real reason is Zaini.
Do you know brother drops and picks her from college.
She even calls him if she needs a pencil.
So what's the matter? She's her fiance and it's her right.
This will build their chemistry which would come useful in the future.
Uh... but Saad's obedience towards Zara...
It seems weird to me.
That's what I said to brother.
It doesn't look good at all. Auntie Salma said the same thing.
She said that being so close to one's sister-in-law isn't that good.
I don't like someone talking like that about my brother,
I don't know what she's done that he listens to her so much.
Saad is completely like auntie Shaista. Even brother Adeel is like that.
I don't know why they act like this?
Uncle Adnan, you won't say this to anyone, right?
Are you insane? Why would I do that?
I'm not used to doing things like this.
We've never talked together so much.
Mother says that people who talk about others, will talk about you as well.
No, it's not like that...
I saw how badly Maheen treated you at the wedding.
That's why I sat down to have a chat with you.
Was she saying something?
She doesn't like speaking to me, and I don't like talking to her.
This is what happened to the person who speaks the truth today.
I'm satisfied seeing Sarah here.
Just pray for all the girls in the world.
Adeel has turned out to be better than we expected.
Sister Fareeda is happy as well.
I think...
that we should prepare to leave.
That's what I've been saying for a while.
Let's stay for a while.
Why?
There will be no reception.
There is no reason for us to stay.
This is your daughter's in-laws. It won't look nice if we stay too long.
I thought you guys would stay here for a few days, but you guys are leaving.
You should have at least stayed until we did the rice pudding ceremony.
Auntie, that will take a lot of days.
Zara doesn't know how to make rice pudding.
Don't worry, Adeel will make the rice pudding in Zara's place.
Zara my dear.
Here you go. Keep this. You and Adeel can buy whatever you want.
Actually, Adeel and brother were of the opinion of giving no dowry.
That's why I decided that kids would buy something of their choice.
Brother, what are you doing?
You should return this check. There is no need for this.
My God... twenty five lacs... no...
What will they do with such a hefty amount.
First they'll go on a honeymoon.
Then after they can do whatever they want.
That's a hefty amount, it would have been better to just give dowry then.
I mean that way people could have seen that the girl received a large dowry from her parents.
The thing is that we don't like showing off.
This is a father's gift to her daughter.
What's the need for showing off?
Didn't you hear what Maheen just said?
This is a father's gift for her daughter, return the check.
You have no right over this.
Sure, of course.
Keep this Zara, this is a gift from your father. Who are we to say anything?
Alright then, allow me to leave
Uncle it's a large amount, it doesn't look nice.
It's not greater than my daughter's happiness.
Alright then farewell. Come my dear
Farewell.
Sarwat, thank you so much.
Visit us often... your daughter is now here.
I will, you should visit us as well.
Did you see? I told you that you are nothing in front of Sarwat.
But you don't understand when I tell you something.
She said that a lack of dowry would make her insecure.
It was a check of twenty five lacs, but what did we gain?
At lease we would have some stuff.
What would have that changed? Don't you know the girls nowadays?
They don't take out a single glass from their dowry.
You don't understand how they've played us.
Your father gifted them the house.
And they've given them the money to spend on that house.
To take my son and move out.
They're planning against me, but you don't understand.
You don't understand, all of this trouble is caused because you say too much.
Do you know why Zara is getting all of this?
Because she keeps her mouth closed.
This is her gift for remaining silent. What do you do?
You keep on speaking. This is why you have to deal with all this.
Listen to me... every time when you're made a fool out of...
I am the one who has to suffer the consequences.
My name is the one that is ruined.
I can't stand to see it. I cannot do all of this. My son is being stolen from me.
The thing is that I am not one to have hidden motives like Sarwat.
I am like this. I am like that in front of everyone.
Mother, for God's sake control your tongue.
Do you know, you didn't choose Zara and because of that...
she won't leave this house when you want her to, do you understand?
No... I don't understand. My head will explode.
For God's sake, make me tea.
I'll make you that tea, but after that you will rest.
I'm losing my son and she wants me to rest
Here you are. I've brought all of the stuff.
Cook dinner, your brother is coming back.
What? Brother Manzoor is coming back?
Who told you this?
No anyone from here, but someone from over there. There was a call...
Are Zara and Adeel coming as well?
I don't know and I didn't ask.
Meaning, there will be no reception.
Listen, did something happen there.
Listen to me..
I've stopped involving myself in the matters of women, that was what you wanted, right?
When your brother comes back, you can ask him?
Prepare dinner for brother.
I'm sure something happened there. Why are they coming back?
Adeel... keep this.
Why should I keep this?
What will I do with so much money?
Keep them, they will come in handy to you.
Do you know what Saad said?
We'll go to our honeymoon using this.
Saad says a lot of things. Do you take what he says seriously.
Things that I may gain from I need to take seriously.
Do you want to go?
Of course, especially if you decide to take me.
Me? What do you mean?
Yes.
If you can give your husband a wedding gift, then
I'm sure you can take me on a honeymoon as well.
What's so wrong with that?
You do say a lot of foolish things.
Have this deposited in your account. I don't want it.
Zara, this is your money, keep it with you.
What will I do with this?
You can open a small clinic with this. Keep it.
Really... then you want to do business.
Tell me then, how much interest will you take?
A hundred percent.
That's more like a wife... give it to me.
Give me your account number, I'll have this deposited.
Adeel, I gave you this check.
Alright fine, now it's up to me if I want to deposit in my account...
or yours.
You are very stubborn.
True.
Zaini...
Zaini.
Yes, what's the matter? Where are you going?
I'm going home, do you want something?
No, I don't. But leave after dinner.
Auntie Shaista made dinner for us.
No I'm stuffed.
Zara's mother-in-law took revenge from me by feeding me.
I'm sure she must not like you bring so informal.
When has she ever liked me?
What I'm surprised at is how different Adeel is.
Mahi is like her mother.
Yes, every one has their nature. Mirha lives in the same house as well.
But she is just like brother Adeel.
That reminds me... give me my share.
What share? What are you speaking about?
What do you mean, what share?
Have you forgotten? Adeel said you and I had a share in the money.
Oh that...
I have a right over your share as well.
Oh really..
When it comes to you gaining something, you're reminding me of your right.
Tell me, will you go to the university tomorrow?
I'll have to... I've taken a lot of days off. Be on time tomorrow.
Give me share first, then I'll come.
I will not give you your share. Come if you want to, otherwise don't.
I will not come.
You will not come?
No.
Alright. I'll go by myself.
I'll come to pick you up. Call and wake me up.
I will call you, but that would do anything if you pick up. I go insane calling you in the morning.
I'll think about it...
For now I'm leaving, I'll think about it.
Alright fine... Be sure to be on time in the morning.
I will. Farewell*
She was saying the same over there as well.
She wanted me to see Zara's face. I saw her face before I married her.
We didn't force her. We married as per her choice. Then what's the matter with her?
Enough sister, why are you being angry?
Zara is very happy in her home, right?
Thank God she is.
Thank God!
It's better if daughters stay happy at their home.
More than Zara her in-laws are happy.
Because they have a girl who doesn't say anything.
My dear, what does that mean?
I didn't say anything complicated.
I'm sure you must have understood. Didn't you?
Have you gone insane? You always suspect people.
People are affectionate sometimes just for show and you believed them.
Tell me something, who do you want things to go bad for?
What's with you Maheen?
Tell me if Zara said something to you. Her parents are still alive.
She was saying the same over there as well.
She wanted me to see Zara's face. I saw her face before I married her.
We didn't force her. We married as per her choice. Then what's the matter with her?
Enough sister, why are you being angry.
She's her sister and she is worried.
Then make her understand.
Make her understand that one's in-laws are supposed to be treated like in-laws.
She should think of them as in-laws, not her father's home.
Then why do they act like they are my parents?
Zara is no happy and I've told her that she should tell us when she's had enough.
She's only putting on an act.
I'll slap her on the face any day now.
You know how she is.
She left her home...
Calm down. Don't raise your blood pressure.
You know how she is. Leave her.
She won't even allow her sister to be happy.
You were right.
I've made a grave mistake.
I've made the wrong decision.
Here you are.
What's the matter with you?
Nothing, turn off the lights. I want to rest a while.
Did mother say something to you? Tell me what happened.
Zaini, don't you think... sit down.
Don't you think Zara was lying. She was worried, not happy.
Yes, I felt that too.. but she's the one who told us that...
she misses us, and that's why she was worried.
No...
She was lying. Didn't you see how Mahi was targeting her over everything.
Look, it can just be a bad feeling.
It can be that sister Mahi felt bad about her behavior.
That's why she wants to live in harmony with Zara.
You guys can think like this not me.
I'm well aware of Mahi. She doesn't do anything without a motive.
Go away now. I have a headache, I'll rest now.
I want to sleep for a while. Turn off the lights, please.
You need to make Maheen understand.
She's getting more ill-mannered with every passing day.
What did she say now?
She's going on about Zara.
Every time she speaks she has something bad to say.
Someone tell her who Zara's mother, is it her or me?
She's her elder sister, I'm sure she means well.
Listen to me... talk to her husband and send her back to her in-laws.
She should go there and bother them. I've had enough of her!
I was afraid that she might say something at Fareeda's...
Don't worry. I'll talk to her.
Sure, make her understand. Otherwise Zara will have to suffer because of her.
God forbid... 
sometimes you say strange things well.
This color looks very nice on you.
This is your favorite color.
Yes it is... but...
But ever since you've started wearing it, I've grown even more fond of it.
When do we have to leave?
We'll leave once you are ready.
I'm ready... ask auntie if she will come along.
I did ask her... she's going out with Mahi, so she can't join us.
With Mahi... alright.
Did someone say something to you?
Everyone's nice here. They take care of me.
Adeel, all of my happiness lies with you.
You're like my shadow...
Without your presence...
all of my happiness is incomplete.
Thank you so much.
Now if you're ready, shall we leave.
Let's go.
Greetings* How are you all?
We're good!
We've brought some gifts for you.
I came here to meet you. 
You said that you would talk to me once I get back from Karachi.
There is nothing to gain from it.
Still, what is it?
Why did you say this to me then?
I told you that there is nothing to gain from it.
Look Dolly, I'll leave tomorrow.
We'll only talk on the phone. It's better that you talk to me face to face.
I don't think your family likes me.
Are you talking about sister Maheen?
Yes, I'm talking about her.
Why are you saying that?
Didn't  you see how she treated me throughout the wedding?
She passes sarcastic taunts at me. We're about to get married...
No one said anything like I didn't exist.
This is no way to treat me.
Alright I'll talk to sister Maheen.
What will you talk to her about?
 Will you tell her that I complained about her?
So that she makes my life more hell. There is nothing to gain from talking to her.
When you don't want me to talk to her, then why are you telling me this?
I'm saying this to you because if you can't have me respected in your home then...
So...
Then you should decide.
Ali...
I love you...
 I want to marry you, but not at the cost of my respect.
It's your problem how you make sister Mahi understand that. But if...
any one of your family treats me like this...
then you know my decision.
So many days have passed since our marriage and they flew by.
You're right... I'll join the hospital from tomorrow.
When will we visit father?
Whenever you want.
But you're joining the hospital from tomorrow.
That is for something important, otherwise I still have my vacations.
You still have your vacations? That's great!
But let me tell you something. We're not going to Karachi.
You've spend so much time there, spend some time with me.
Alright, we can go there later.
If you want we can go by the end of this month.
Alright?
When we come back from Malaysia we can go to Karachi.
Malaysia?
Yes
Do you not want to go to our honeymoon?
Ali!
I mean we will go there... spend time and enjoy ourselves.
We're going to Malaysia!
yes
 When did you decide this?
It was surprise, but I'm telling you now.
Does auntie know?
Don't even tell her...
Look at what your daughter-in-law did!
What is this?
It's an amulet
I told you that she has entrapped Adeel by bewitching him with magic.
Her mother came here, she must have given this to her!
I'm telling you that she did this! She gave this to her!
Listen to me...
Forget that and tell me where did you find this?
Did you get it near Adeel's pillow? I'm sure she kept it there.
For God's sake listen to me!
You start screaming for no reason. I didn't get it from a pillow.
Then?
I've had this for a week.
 I found it at the day of the wedding on Adeel's dressing table.
Why didn't you tell me? Why did you hide it?
I didn't tell you on purpose.
I knew that you would create a scene for every one to see.
Zara's family was here and you would have created a scene in front of them.
That is what you do.
Should I remain silent seeing something like this?
That can't be... she can ruin my home with magic...
and I should remain silent.
Silence yourself. I don't like this habit of yours.
You don't listen to anyone, especially me!
Silent! Listen to me!
Silence yourself and listen to me.
You will not create a scene. 
Show this to someone and find out what it was being used for.
We should know what it was used for, what if it's nothing major.
How can it not be something major?
You might suspect them but I know.
You don't know Sarwat. Ask me! I know her very well
She's her daughter, I'm sure she's worse than her!
Even if it's a glass of water, one must drink it carefully, even if one filled it themselves.
Be cautious. Your friend auntie Bushra goes to a cleric.
Go with her and find out what this was being used for. 
I don't want you be the bad guy in front of Adeel.
Do you understand?
Enough, don't tell me. I know what to do.
Don't do anything without evidence!
I'm asking you to be silent. I understand everything.
You can't remain silent!
Don't say anything.
Silence yourself. I'm worried and you're giving me advice.
What will you worrying do? 
Call auntie Bushra.
Bring me my phone.