She can't bear this Zara. 
So You are intentionally pushing yourself towards that hole.
You have still time to think about it. 
You have still time to make a right decision.
Adeel is with me. He will handle Maham. 
And what's wrong with dad, why will he share the half expense?
So tell this to your father and brother.
 Your dad is so keen to give everything to his sister.
You are so fond of creating dramas.
So do my mimicry in front of everyone. 
Now tell everyone.
That aunt was apologizing like this.
where are you taking me?
please come...
look at this
this... 
what is all this?
bride's car
what was the need for it, brother? All this is done by the groom
that's the problem, we give all the importance to the groom's family
not to our sisters
when the groom's car is decorated, he starts his new journey with his wife
but we want our sister's life to stay full of fragrances while she gets wed off from this house
there shouldn't be any obstacles in it
that's why we have decided that today you'll go to the parlor & hall in this car
tell us, how do you find it?
very nice! 
thank you!
thank you, brother
its all Saad's idea, he did everything
yes, true that
lets quickly go inside before your mother-in-law catches us
yes, you guys shall go I am coming
Alright, come quickly. Ok?
Saad
I want to talk to you
I know about what you wanted to talk to me
I'm very sorry, Saad. Aunt shouldn't have insulted you like this
I apologize on her behalf...
Its ok
forget it
and why are you saying sorry on her behalf?
it was my mistake, also you were stopping me
but I was... 
anyways!
today is such a big day of your life
and to get this day, you've faced every danger
you fought the battle of love by going against everyone
today is the day of your victory, for which you had been waiting for so long
Saad, I will beat you!
then don't make such faces. What will people say, that we gave them the girl with a bad face
come inside
oh wow!
All praise to God.... evil eye off
you are already beautiful but you are looking more pretty after becoming a bride
may God protect Adeel, right?
on such a joyous occasion, its evident that we shall have a picture together. Say what?
look here, over here... 
hey!
please go away from here
I'm just taking a selfie. Anyways, you are looking beautiful after becoming a bride, look here
look here, smile... fix your scarf
here... oho!
wait! look at this picture
oho, you've ruined it
what are you doing here?
what's wrong? You are always angry
please go
Saad, stay here
please go, they are already calling you
yes, you shall stay here
the time for separation is near, if anything is left to be said then go ahead
okay then I am leaving
please go
by the way, you are looking way too beautiful after becoming a bride. I am leaving now
this guy will get good beatings from me!
please sit down, come on
why are you worried?
I don't know
I am so scared
I don't understand
I don't know why I am so afraid
but I am feeling so afraid, Saad
afraid about what?
I am with you
no matter whatever fear or problem you have, just call me
I will come running for you
do you remember... 
I always used to say, "leave me after getting wed off"
today when you are getting wed off, so I am loosing my life
anyways, your in-laws are saying that they'll do the departure ceremony soon after the completion of pictures
I won't come to see you off
take care of yourself
take very good care of yourself
Saad!
Saad... 
Mr. Ahmed, I gave you my daughter
today on wards, not me but you are her father
just try that she doesn't cry while missing me on any matter
I will be grateful to you
brother Manzoor, you did a favor on us by handing over the piece of your heart to us
I will try my level best that neither you or she shall have any complaint ever
Take care
yes mom, everything went well
Okay
brother, what does sister Maheen think of herself?
she keeps taunting me on every other matter. It feels as if she haven't learn to talk without taunting
what's wrong? Has she said something?
she said something? 
Mom, She was after me in the entire wedding ceremony
I was on the hit list. She was taunting me about Ali for every other matter as if... 
as if he is not my fiance but I have some inappropriate relation with him
you know her nature, she is like this with everyone.. 
please brother!
all of you have spoiled her by saying that its her nature. Its not like that
And, you shall leave it brother. You don't mind any of her words at all
tell me something, Zara's in-laws gave you the gift themselves right?
did Zara said anything or did her family said anything?
did anyone asked them that why they had misbehaved a lot?
dear, they are her in-laws. They are the groom's family & our guest
mom, what shall I do if they were the groom's family?
is this some way? 
they are the groom's family or our guests so do they get the right to do whatever they want to!
brother, everyone's respect is equal
so, I am accepting that it was my mistake!
first, I had made fun of her 
yes yes, all is your mistake. Whenever you fight with Zara, then its your mistake
Whenever you fight with Zainy, then also it was your fault
but whenever you fight with me, you make such a long face
isn't it your fault at that time? 
At that time, only I am being accused
Ok ok, forgive me
I am telling you as well that its all my mistake
and you know what, ask mom. What did the doctor said, when I was born
congratulations, a mistake is done!
on brother, you always joke around
Okay enough, now end this argument. Spit your anger
now its done, everything is fine. Its ok
we shouldn't come into anyone's words
come on
at least drink tea
yes, serve me
what difference does it make, if they would have gone after one day?
I had told them the girl is so tired, don't make her travel for so long. But no!
sister Farida only does whatever comes to her heart
not only a few hours has passed that your daughter has gone
and you've started to miss her
its not about missing her, Mr. Manzoor. Its about principles
its about manners
they were staying here, right? In our house
what difference it would have make if they would have stayed here for one more day?
if you think about principles Sarwat, then now they have more right on Zara than us
they did whatever they found better
it will be wrong if we'll do an objection
yes yes, I know that too
but my heart isn't accepting 
how can I accept that within a day I have lost my right from my daughter
others have more right than me
its quite strange
that you always talk about sending back Maheen from our house
now you are doing questions upon Zara's departure too
there is a lot of difference between both of them
don't know whether there is a difference, or you are doing it
both are our daughters
Maheen knows how to fight for herself
while Zara is different
She starts crying if she sees anyone with long face
don't know how sister Farida will treat her
remember my words, Sarwat
she is only our daughter
and now she is others daughter-in-law as well
if you'll meet Zara while considering this difference
then you won't feel much hurt
I have warmed up some rice, would you like to have some?
No, you are eating rice so late night & then you'll say that you are getting fat
I am so hungry. Do you know the entire kitchen was a mess, just now I have cleaned it all
why, where is Dolly?
has she left?
yes, she has gone
by the way, she should have stayed
she should have thought about you, no?
by the way, I saw you talking to her in the same manner
what if she will mind, then?
So? Let it be
As it is, I haven't said anything wrong
do you know how many days prior people cousins come to stay over & help them?
and look at her, she came only when Ali had arrived
just to do the drama & show off that look, how much work I am doing
She would have come, but her mother wasn't well. How could she come after leaving her alone?
yes, so? She could have brought her too
we had never objected
what is this? She came like a guest & left like a guest
and did you notice, how she was snatching the garlands from me
just to show off Ali, that look how much work I am doing
why are you favoring her so much?
yes! obviously you'll favor her after all she is your only sister-in-law
if she hadn't been my sister-in-law. Still, I do realize about others compulsions
and I understand it very well
yes yes, even I am understanding your compulsion
also I do understand that her mother wasn't well, still she came one day prior to the wedding
that's quite enough
yes, but what she did after coming here? She just sang a few songs
she haven't done any work, or did any favor on us
the rice are hot, would you like to eat some?
No, I don't like to become fat. You may carry on
I am looking at the pictures
look, how pretty I was looking
See... 
hmm.... this one is more pretty
look, how pretty is this one
wow!
I think Saad has bought the ring of his size, what shall we do now?
Okay
if its of Saad's size then..
give it to Saad
hey, let me get off
oh God! I am so tired
come on
mom, did you kept my earrings?
yes, I did. At least help her to get off
why shall I?
Sorry Zara, we couldn't do any preparation for your welcome
as they pour flower petals or so.
Since there was nobody home so...
but Adeel your friends could have done that
True that! they could have done it for sure
but its alright, our bride isn't a kid
she is sensible, and she knows that such things cannot be catered in a hurry
if her parents would have given us time, then we would have done all arrangements by fulfilling our heart's desires
what to do, we are helpless
its not looking good to take the new bride inside the house without flower petals or so
but anyways... welcome is done by heart. These flower petals doesn't make any difference
May God forgive us, people pour the flower petals on the funeral too
as well as on the grave.
Shall we go inside?
its ok mom, why are you worrying?
As it is, these things doesn't affect Zara at all
shall we go?
yes, lets go. Come on
come
lets go Zara, come
let us go first, then you may bring her
Welcome!
we'll take a group photo of you all
smile please
stop it! How many more pictures you'll take? One after another
I'm fine but she is tired, she is a bride. Let her go
lets take a couple photo. Aunty, please move aside
I am already so tired, do let me know when all these things are over
move away, give me side
move....
Adeel, move aside
please take a side
lets take one couple photo
dear...
sir, look here. One couple photo
smile please
maam, look here
smile please
thank you!
take one picture with your dad too
what are you doing?
are you checking my phone in my absence?
I am not checking
its already checked, I had picked it to make a call
listen to me very carefully
I hate such wives who doubt their husbands & check their phones
why you've kept so many pictures of the girls in it?
there is a picture & video of every girl in it, why you have captured it?
there was an event going on, so I was just taking pictures of everyone
so, people take their own pictures & videos in an event. They don't make it of others
but your phone is full! So many pictures & videos of girls
I have captured my pictures & videos, & along with mine I took of others too
we do make our pictures & of our loved ones right?
yes, true that
I am also your family
but there isn't any of my picture of video in it. Show me
where am I, tell me!
show me if you have any of my picture of video. 
Look, don't you feel ashamed?
where am I? tell me
rubbish discussion!
don't know what is happening to you!
the more you are becoming older, the more you are getting crazy!
what's wrong! Why you've brought me inside the room?
I wanted to get my pictures clicked with everyone outside
do you want your tongue to be caught?
I feel like pulling off your tongue & curling with your broken leg. Sit quietly!
why are you talking to me like this? What have I done now?
you haven't done anything, you are so innocent
have you forgotten, you got this house robbed.
now rot here!
Mahi...
here you go Zara, your gift
Adeel's granny gave me on my wedding
they are gold bangles & quite an expensive ones
they are so nice, aunty
thank you! 
thank you so much
oh Adeel, didn't you tell your wife not to call me aunty
mom, you may tell Zara that by which name she shall call you
I was just joking
its her choice, she may call me by any name
As it is, if I'll ask her to call me mom then she won't say it with her heart
no matter what anyone says, it doesn't make any difference
one's respect is done from the heart
ok I am leaving as I am so tired
I have to get up early tomorrow morning, as the guests will start visiting
oh yes! Zara... will your family bring breakfast tomorrow morning or not?
what did your mother said?
mom, what are you talking about?
what am I talking about?
it happens, it has been happening since always
the bride's family bring the breakfast the very next morning of the wedding, I am not saying something strange
I...
I don't know about breakfast
oh...
Sarwat didn't discussed anything with me as well
anyways, its alright. I will call & ask them tomorrow morning
there is no need to ask them, mom
it won't look good that they'll come to give breakfast from so far
you are talking so weird, mom
they won't come to give breakfast from so far my dear, they will come to fulfill the traditional customs
even we had gone so far to get your wife after the wedding
we have brought her here from so far, right?
this tradition is useless
there is no need to do it
you might find it useless, but ask Zara
a daughter's family is her pride!
it gives a good impression to their in-laws house for life time
its not just about breakfast items
right Zara?
anyways...
its fine if they cannot bring it, I will make it myself
no problem
after all, its Zara's uncle's house as well
look at me, what I am discussing. I think I am so tired right now
I am leaving, you guys shall also rest. See you tomorrow morning
Zara
what happened?
if my family won't bring breakfast, so will aunt mind it?
even you will say this?
See, I won't like it if they'll bring the breakfast from so far
listen, don't you worry
everything will be fine
are you still awake?
were you waiting for my call?
Ali, when you knew it that I was waiting for your call. Then can't you call me earlier?
you enjoy while making me wait
are you still upset upon my late arrival?
I have become habitual of all this
oho, I had told you that I couldn't get the leaves
else, who comes late at his own sister's wedding?
you only remember Zara's henna ceremony, don't you care about how I was waiting for you?
then you shall also keep a henna ceremony, then I will remember yours as well
you are only waiting for it
rest you don't care about anything
ok listen, come on the video call. I want to see you
really?
you've realized it quite soon, by the way
what's wrong, have you washed your face?
if I have to see the same face after spending quite a lot of money then...
Ali, its so wrong!
your money gets wasted upon my makeup?
by the way, do you know its so wrong to make fun of any girl's makeup
what's wrong? I am just joking, I am not making fun of you
Ali, there is a slight difference between joking & making fun of someone
only that person can understand, who is either doing the joke or making fun of someone
and the guy whom we are making fun of, he is unable to understand anything
what's wrong? You aren't liking any of my words
is your mood fine?
honestly Ali, even right now I don't feel like talking to you
I want to sleep
Okay fine, go to sleep
I will talk to you tomorrow
Okay, bye!
what happened to her!
what is this?
You get worried on such petty matters
I used to consider you so courageous
I don't want aunt to have any complain against me
that's why I got a bit worried
so this is a good thing
that nobody shall have any complain
but if anyone will have any complain
then its normal
what's the need to get worried in it?
Okay won't you take the wedding gift from me?
today, first I will give you the wedding gift
really?
does it happen this way?
It was Saad's idea
he was saying, we boys are not that free of cost that you may look at us freely
one second
for you
give me your hand
it doesn't fit you
I think Saad has bought the ring of his size, what shall we do now?
Okay
if its of Saad's size then..
give it to Saad
have you mind it, Adeel?
No
why would I mind?
because if I will mind about Saad's words, then you will mind it
so why will I mind it?
do you find mine & Saad's friendship wrong?
do you have any problem with our friendship?
yes, I do have a problem!
I don't like your friendship with him
a girl & a boy can never be friends
but you have never said such things ever
now I am saying
will you agree with me?
which matter?
today onwards, you won't have any relation with Saad
the friendship that you guys had, was in the past
not anymore
now he is just a stranger for you, nothing else
got it?
tell me
do you agree?
what happened?
why are you thinking too much?
I haven't asked you such a difficult question
its not difficult for you
Saad is my childhood friend
I couldn't imagine that you'll keep such a condition on me ever
Okay...
it means, I am not as per your standard
right?