That place isn't good for you.
Brother Adeel is a good man, no one says anything to him.
Try talking to him once
He will realize that the reason we wanted him to shift to Karachi...
is his mother and sister.
Manzoor, there is still time
if you're concerned about Sarah's happiness, then let me tell you that she won't be able to stay happy there.
Stop talking like an illiterate.
Adeel! You're calling your mother illiterate because of you in-laws?
You prefer your in-laws over your family over something so trivial?
Stop taking the wrong meaning of what I said.
Do you need to create a scene over everything?
I will create a scene now.
Where were you when father threatened to divorce mother because of Zara.
I will create a scene now!
Listen, did you find out anything?
Adeel is coming.
Why are you so surprised? I knew he would come along.
It is surprising to me.
When Zara refused to marry him...
still he's coming. I feel scared.
What's there to be scared of? He wanted to come here and so he is.
A man who couldn't get any girl has gotten Zara, why wouldn't he show up?
Think before you speak. You say whatever that comes to mind.
There is no fixing you. May God help you.
Zara.
Brother Adeel is here and father is asking for you.
Zaini... I feel afraid.
What will that do? That will do nothing.
What we have to see now is what brother Adeel has decided and what he can do for you.
What if he doesn't agree?
Still it will be your decision,
because father has given you the authority to make a decision.
It's up to you what you decide.
If Adeel gets angry and...
Everyone is waiting for you outside.
Please, come quickly.
My dear, how's everyone at home and how's Meerah?
She's better now. Actually no one could come with me because of Meerah's health.
That's why I had to come alone.
It's alright son...
Every family has it compulsions.
Compulsion neither make relationships nor are they maintained.
Either uncle or auntie should have been here.
Silence my dear, your father is speaking.
No auntie...
sister Maheen is right.
All of you know why mother didn't show up.
Father wanted to come but uncle refused.
It doesn't matter who came and who didn't.
I'm ashamed in front of you all.
Zara, in front of you as well.
I wanted to apologize to you all.
I don't know what you must be thinking...
but I have decided something.
Zara is married to me...
and she is my responsibility.
And I cannot leave my mother and sister as well.
That's why I have decided.
What?
What is this? What is this file for?
These are documents for Zara's new home. Father has decided...
that after our marriage, Zara will live with me in this new house.
If you guys have no objections, could you guys provide me a date. I want to bring a barat this month.
There was no need for this. We could have resolved this some other way.
There is nothing hidden from you. You know why father made this decision.
This matter will create more complications. May God helps us.
Sister Fareeda will never agree to this.
I am not in favor of this as well.
Don't worry about that.
Father said that he will talk to mother and she will listen to him.
I just want permission from all of you.
I want to bring the barat this month.
If you guys have no objections.
We need some time to think.
Okay. Please do think about it.
But I hope that the decision will be in my favor.
We will try.
Thank you uncle.
Uncle if you allow me...
I want to talk to Zara alone.
Sure... son, why not.
Sure son.
Go.
This will make matter worst.
You started praying...
Stop it...
This was necessary.
May God give my brother a long life.
I'm sure your sister asked to give that plot to Zara.
No... the credit for this goes to you as well.
Those poor souls don't know anything about this.
Poor souls?
Really... so they are poor souls?
Are poor souls supposed to say things like this?
First that accursed Zara stole my son from me.
And now... she'll have that plot transferred to her name.
Even after that you're sympathizing with her?
Zara didn't talk to me about this.
Besides she's not that cunning.
She's just scared by what you did.
And I did this for her protection.
Before you make her life hell she can live with her husband in that house.
So what you're trying to say is that...
your sister has no hand in this.
Do I look like a kid to you?
Do you expect to believe everything you to tell me?
Really!
So tell me... Adeel and I...
do we seem kids to you? Should we listen to you?
You are separating a mother from her son!
Ahmed... for your sister you are being unjust towards your wife.
What if I tell you that you're separating a husband from his wife...
In trying to fight with your in-laws you are being unjust with your son.
These are not your words Mr. Ahmed.
You are speaking like Sarwat.
She taught you these things, right? You are threatening me because of her, right?
You stole my son from me.
I will never forgive you.
Neither you... neither Sarwat...
neither Adeel... or that accursed Zara!
One request... there is no need to bother me.
And let it stay that way!
Alright... then do one thing...
The plot you've bought for Zara, have a house built there...
Go there alone and bring back your beloved Zara...
alone and take her to that house. Me and my daughters won't go.
Nor will I see Zara's face for the rest of my life.
If you want I can shift there as well.
Where have I found myself?
I'm surprised that you guys don't understand that this matter wasn't concerning Adeel.
This matter was concerning Maham and auntie.
Why aren't they here to apologize.
Adeel is back on their behalf and you guys are listening to him.
Maheen you are right in your own way.
But Adeel is the son-in-law of this house.
And it's hard for a son-in-law to arrive at his in-laws and apologize.
Still by coming here he's proving that he won't harm Zara.
Pardon me father, but it's hard for a girl to live at a place where her parents aren't respected.
Besides, by coming here Adeel has proved...
that he's helpless in front of his mother and sister.
If he couldn't make them realize their mistake, then who will he protect Zara's rights?
Maheen, brother Ahmed has told us that if Adeel and Zara have a hard time adjusting there...
then he'll built a different house for them. What more can he do?
But mother, brother Adeel also said...
that he won't leave his sisters and mother.
Then what is the point in building a different home?
He won't separate from them.
What kind of stupid conversation is this?
Separating one's home and leaving it is two different things.
If Adeel has stated that he can't leave his mother and sisters,
that doesn't mean he will pressurize Zara to live with them.
Remember one thing...
Girls who have their husbands leaves their parents are fools.
If a man can leave his parents...
then it's nothing for him to leave his wife.
Alright fine... first ask him build his home...
When his house is build, we'll marry off Zara, so that she can live there.
That's senseless.
That is being stubborn for no reason. Adeel said...
that he will not let Zara be bothered there.
But mother...
Enough... I've heard enough.
I'm Zara's father. I'm here when she gets hurt. I'll take care of her.
I will not let anything unjust happen to her.
All of you go to sleep.
Speak mother... why are you silent?
What was the point in creating such a scene? Rather we lost and Zara won.
She has become the owner millions.
No she hasn't...
I remained empty handed. I didn't get anything.
Zara stole everything. Sarwat won and I lost.
Her daughter has become the owner of my house.
Do you see? Who asked you to unveil everything in front of everyone?
I'm not like everyone else... I don't hide my emotions.
I'm used to being straight forward.
You asked a straight forward question and got a straight forward answer.
I told you so many times not to be impatient. Don't make things worse than they already are.
Why have you accepted defeat?
This game has just started.
Why have you already determined who won and lost?
I don't understand anything.
I'm going crazy thinking that Sarmad's daughter...
would come here in my home.
She will stay in my house as my daughter-in-law.
She will be right before my eyes all the time.
If you think from your heart it will only bother your brain.
You've seen what haste bring. We cannot tolerate anymore losses.
Try listening to me once.
What should I listen to?
Should I bring Sarwat's daughter here? No way!
I won't be able to do this.
There's nothing to lose.
To tell you the truth you have no other option. Why do you want to get embarrassed?
Who listens to you?
Why are you constantly saying that you won't allow Zara here?
Who's asking for your permission.
I cannot do this!
I won't be able to do this. Should I make Sarwat's daughter...
my daughter-in-law? Should I let that snake's daughter marry my son?
No... never... I've told your father...
I've told him that I won't let this marriage happen. I won't go there!
You will have to... whether you do that smiling or crying.
You will have to. That's what I'm trying to make you understand.
Try listening to them once...
moving forwards you can have your way.
And Zara...
alongside the family, she has a house now as well. What will you do if she takes away your son?
How will Zara take away my son...
when my son will run willingly behind her.
He's so madly in love with her that he can't see his mother.
That's what I've been trying to tell you. Listen to me.
We won't let him go so easily.
Whether Zara takes away Adeel, or Adeel decides to leave.
We have to stop him.
You have build a wall of love in front of him. Adeel will not go anywhere.
Trust me... he will not be able to leave.
Just this once, listen to me.
Alright.
He gave you this house, not me.
You know why he did this.
Yes, so that we can be together.
He solved our problem.
Our problems supposed to be solved this way?
A separate house will create more problems.
I'm afraid Zara.
Father wants our marriage to be done as quickly as possible.
The solution you found for this was...
to buy me a separate home?
What's so bad about that?
You refused because of mother and Maham, right?
You were worried what they might do in the future.
You didn't want to live with them, right? I didn't do this, father did.
He gifted this house to you.
You should have stopped him.
How could have I? He gave you this house, not me.
You know why he did this.
Yes.
So that we can be together. That's why he solved this problem.
Are problems supposed to be solved this way?
A separate house will create more problems.
Separating hearts won't solve any problems as well.
Compromise is what solves problems.
You called and told me that you won't marry me.
Not once did you think how I would have felt.
You were hurt and you called me in anger. Think about it...
What would have I done if I had gotten offended by that?
But I didn't do that?
We would have gotten married, but we never would have been close.
God forbid!
God forbid, but that's what people want. They want to separate us.
Promise me... no matter what happens...
From now you won't say anything like this.
I won't.
Then talk to your family to finalize a date quickly.
How can I do that?
Why not? Didn't you say it before?
Father said that he will let us know by tomorrow.
What do you think?
Will he give me a date of this month?
I don't know.
Even if father provides you a date for this month,
will you be able to convince Maham and auntie?
Leave that to me. Didn't you hear?
Abroad people celebrate their marriage... and here we try to convince our aunts.
No one could have imagined that things would be opposite with me.
Rather than convincing my aunt, I have to convince my mother.
What if...
What if they don't agree?
Even if they don't, even then no one could separate us.
In this life no one can separate us, apart from death.
Adeel... why do you say such things?
Sorry...
I will not do it again.
Promise?
Promise.
Don't cry now.
Shaista... Shaista... where are you?
Look at this... look what's going on downstairs.
Why did you make this video?
To show you.
I have no interest in these things.
Just once, watch this video.
What's the matter with you Adnan?
You record every call and now with this video, what do you want to achieve?
These are useful things that might come handy.
Here you are... I've deleted it.
Why did you delete it?
Why did you make it? Have you no shame?
No I don't.
She ruined my hardwork.
Can't you do this for me? What kind of friend are you?
I don't know... you are coming to meet. Just for a little while.
And then do that other thing I asked you to do. I'll get my phone back.
I'm telling you it's no issue.
Okay, thank you... I'll wait for you. Come here directly from college.
Okay. Farewell.
Hello Aqib... were you sleeping?
No, I talked to her.
She will come tomorrow.
She will give me a phone and that will be the end of my phone problem.
You tell me..
Listen...
tell me what's the matter? Why are you upset?
You didn't talk to me our entire way here.
I'm worried for Zara.
Sometimes it feels that what she's doing is correct.
Then sometimes I feel like what she's doing is wrong.
It's not important how you feel, what's important is what Zara feels.
It seems that brother Adeel is right. Whatever he says is right.
She doesn't understand what we're trying to tell her.
Why don't you make her understand.
She listens to you and you saw what happened there
She won't understand.
She only understands Adeel.
I tried to make her understand but she didn't listen.
Brother Ali said the same thing... she has asked us to let her take her decision.
He has asked her not to confuse her. But I think we should save her from harming herself.
This is what love is like... one doesn't feel that they are getting burned...
Not unless they burn themselves entirely. And that is how Zara loves Adeel.
Pray that there is no fire in the place her love takes her.
All we can do is pray for her.
You're right... It's time for my class... you go ahead.
Take care... farewell.
Sister... what are you doing?
Come in Shaista... I'm not doing anything.
Many congratulations!
What happened?
The istikhara was in your favor.
I talked to sister Shabnam,
she also said that it's good to send a girl to her home, immediately after her marriage.
We shouldn't make them stay home. It's against our religion.
Who did the istikhara?
I did, who else? Not one of my istikhara has ever been wrong.
I decided to tell you only if I had good news. That's why I was waiting.
I also donated food to charity.
Is that the truth?
The istikhara was in our favor?
Yes it was.
Many congratulations! I don't know why you don't believe me.
I haven't slept since three night just because you were worried.
Did you tell your brother?
I came here to tell him. Where is he?
He just left for the market.
Once he comes back we'll tell him about the good news.
All of our tensions will end. Thank you God and bless you.
Will you not get anything sweet? Call brother...
he'll get in from the market on his way back.
Why not!
I'll call him right away... and make tea for you as well.
I'll chop the vegetables for you.
My dear, make two cups of tea.
My dear... it's bee some time since you visited. 
Is everything alright at your home?
Yes auntie... I couldn't wait when I heard of Meha... 
I got home early from college, so I decided to visit her.
It's good you came here.
And... how's Hadi?
Did she get better, or is she the same?
I'm sure she must bother your mother a lot.
Don't you know that brother Nouman is divorced.
What? He got divorced?
I didn't know that. When did that happen?
I mean... when did this occur?
You were right... we finally got rid of her.
We've started looking for a different girl for brother Nouman.
Really... ask your mother to be careful when they select a girl this time.
To learn her lesson from the first one. 
Ask her not to repeat her mistake.
We didn't choose the girl first time, brother Nouman chose her.
Mother was against her from the first day.
Now that he's divorced, your mother will choose a girl for your brother, right?
Pray that happens. May I see Meha?
Sure go ahead...
His brother got divorced.
What were you saying about her mother?
That she was stupid. After her son started earning, she started showing off!
Tell me, what do you have to say about her?
What can I say?
I will say what my elders used to say...
Like an old woman, who went insane and but didn't lose her way.
Yes... that's the one!
I always forgot what this meant.
You used to remind me. I'll remind you today.
No matter how foolish one gets, they don't forget their incentive
What are you thinking about?
I went to father's room... he had a headache. 
I gave him tea and you should give him medicine.
I can't just go to him and tell him...
Didn't you sleep last night? 
You did, right? I'm sure you saw a dream.
You saw Zara becoming a bride and in her hand...
I would place a burning coal.
Anyways... I'll go and drive away your father's headache.
I'm so sorry Zara... I had to do this.
But your sister Maheen is to blame for this.
She taunted me of my divorce. 
I don't have a habit of listening to taunts...
I rather return them with interest.
Keep this money. 
I've told Aqib, he'll take it from you outside the academy today, alright?
Are you insane? 
How can someone take this money and find something stolen?
Aqib said that we will pay the police this money and then they will help us.
He's fooling you. 
Snatchers don't submit what they stole inside a police station.
How does the police know who stole your phone?
 Your phone must have been sold by now.
You don't know how well connected Aqib is... 
he said he'll do it, and I trust him.
And... you'll see the next time I call you will be from my old phone.
You just don't listen.
Keep that money in your bag.
Mother, write it down. 
This woman didn't do any istikhara nor did she take advice from an wise lady.
She doesn't need to take advice from someone when she knows she might gain something.
Are you insane? It's not good to be suspicious of everyone.
I'm not insane. 
Madam Shaista is making a fool out of you so that she can live in this house.
And that she doesn't have to pay rent.
You have all that going on in your head.
How do you think of all this?
Because I've left this heavenly house of yours and see the world
Mother... it's not good to be so naive.
 The kindness you taught me was not useful for me.
In-laws make us jump through hoops. 
And parents like you who only have kindness and character as your currency...
are weightless. Shaista is only telling you what you want to hear.
She's manipulating you and you are being manipulated. 
She doesn't care about you. She doesn't even think of you once she reaches her room.
Zara wants this... your father wants this and I want this too. So stop fighting.
Take this away to iron! Where are you going?
The nerve of this girl! She doesn't let anyone be happy.