you can understand the meaning of delaying the marriage very well
people will make various gossips about Dolly
already there are rumors that why we've kept the wedding all of a sudden
and now when we'll postpone it, then the matter will be exaggerated for no reason
you have gone to far in your revenge, that you've murdered Zara's baby
and you don't realize it at all
Mahi!
what have you done?
Ahmed! 
you've ruined Zara's life
please delete it
you have proved to be so weak, I mean really feeble
you cannot insult me like this
so what shall I do?
what shall I do with you, tell me
I am ready to do whatever you will say
this is something sensible now
when did you come?
I just came a while ago
actually aunt had sent breakfast for you
I see, it means you've come to impress my mom
Not at all
no?
then why are you here?
tell me
your breakfast is getting cold, so do your breakfast
where are you going?
lets have breakfast together
I have done my breakfast, you do it. I have to go to aunty
listen.. 
enough Shaista, I am not liking it
but I like it
please rest...
mom, what happened to you? Just now you were fine
don't know dear, I got dizzy all of a sudden & now I am feeling too much of weakness
sister, its not a good sign to get dizzy all of a sudden & to feel weakness
if you won't eat or drink anything, and work all day long then its evident for you to get dizzy
your daughter-in-law is about to come into your house. So now you'll only rest, you won't work anymore 
did you call Zara?
did you ask, how is she?
mom, she is fine. I had a word with her in the morning. What happened?
I don't know I was feeling anxious all of a sudden
give some juice to sister
sister, drink juice. God will make things better
mom, please get up. Be careful
don't know what worries are eating her from within
you've filled the entire glass, dear
I will drink it slowly
mom
yes
are you better now?
I am feeling better
please take some rest, you can get ready a bit later
yes mom, please do some rest
dear, please go & check Ali
check, whether he started to get ready or not?
you people also start getting ready
yes, let me go & check Ali. Please take some rest
yes, I am resting for a while
enough...
no, please rest
its enough
perfect! All praise to God, you are looking so pretty
thank you!
oh wow!
all praise to God, my daughter is looking so beautiful
may God protect her from an evil eye. Amen
Amen
mom, do you know Zaini did all this
Zaini has fulfilled the amiss of a sister by coming here
thank you so much Ziani. Don't know how I would have managed all this, if you hadn't been there
why I wouldn't be here? Its obvious, you are my only sister-in-law
yes dear, even I agree with it
thank you aunty, thank you so much!
ok dear, you guys sit & talk. I am coming in a while
Zaini... you are so nice
always stay the same
and you too! Don't change after marriage
I will do so much of oppression. I am just joking
why will I change?
ok tell me, where is brother? I didn't see him since morning, can you please call him here
yes, let me go & call him right away
Zara
Zara
Saad, Dolly is calling you. What are you doing here? Come
you go, I am coming
to whom you are calling?
I'm calling Zara, she isn't attending the phone
maybe she doesn't want to talk to you right now
and Saad please, leave her alone for a few days
She will call you back once she settles down
yes but I am going to pick her
have you gone mad?
how can she come right now?
what do you mean by that? 
I will bring her
I have done all the arrangements too. I will go & bring her safely
Saad, please leave this childish act & why are you insisting in bringing her over?
as it is, she will come here within a few days
Right now, everyone needs you over here
Saad, its your sister's wedding. Do you even care about it?
I do care & I will manage it
why are you doing this foolishness?
you know the guests will be here in a while. If you'll go at this hour then at what time you'll come back?
I will come back in a while, and Zara's presence is important here
its her brother's wedding as well
Saad, Zara is my sister
and I am also concerned for her as much as you are
even I am not liking it that she is not here at this hour
but I cannot put her life in anymore trouble by bringing her over here in contumacy
And I thought of taking her on the video call at the time of nuptial vows
please don't worry
and stop dialing your phone again & again
Dolly has been waiting for you since so long. Come!
and Saad, you are doing injustice with the rest of the relations because of your friendship
rest of the relations also want to get your attention
Dolly needs you right now, Saad
And please leave your phone for a while
I am putting it on silent
please.. 
lets go now
so many missed calls from Saad?
I think the groom's family is here. Come on dear, come with me
Zaini, you also come
ok listen, let me also come along with the groom's family. Ok?
hello, greetings! Ameen catering?
Greetings!
how are you?
I'm absolutely fine
I haven't seen you before, are you from the girl's or the guy's family?
actually I am from the girl's family
I see... and I am from the groom's family
So, do you live nearby?
yes, in North
one of my friend lives in the North, I usually visit there
really? in which block?
block 8
where do you live?
I live in block 7
oh, its so near then. 7 and 8
what?
I mean, there is not much distance in 7 & 8
oh yes!
So, are you married?
No
are you taking selfie?
I think someone is calling me, I am coming in a while
hello! How are you?
I am absolutely fine, how are you doing?
I am fine. We hardly meet in the events such as weddings or so
actually I didn't see you, else I would have come to meet you
I was searching for you, aren't you talking a selfie?
I was just here, actually my cellphone is inside. Let me go bring it, then we'll take some
please go & bring it, I am waiting
Ok, let me bring it
yes yes
mom
mom!
what happened, why are you shouting?
mom, just now I someone passing by from here
whom?
I don't know who it was, but he has gone towards that side
I am so scared mom
don't worry, lets go & tell your father
lets go
Zara
who?
who are you?
uncle!
hey, where are you going?
Uncle!
uncle... leave me
what happened?
uncle!
its Zara's voice, where is she?
dad, somebody has gone upstairs
what? lets go!
leave me
where are you going?
who are you?
Uncle... 
uncle... 
what happened?
What happened, Zara? Leave her!
uncle...
come with me
uncle, don't know how he entered my room. I don't know who he is & how he entered my room. I don't know
Zara, what's wrong? You have sent me a message yourself
and now you are acting strange in front of them
he is lying, and why will I message you? Uncle, there isn't any such thing. I hardly know him
what do you mean by why?
we both love each other, and you've called me yourself so that we can meet in private
stop your rubbish! Who are you & how did you enter my house?
uncle, relax. Somebody will hear us
well... what difference does it make if anyone hear us now
Zara & I like each other & we want to get married
that's why Zara had called me here in private, so that we can elope from this house today
uncle, he is lying. There isn't any such thing, I don't know him at all
what is all this, Zara?
who is this boy, what is he doing in your room? Tell me the truth
aunty, I swear I don't know who he is & how he entered my room. I really don't know
uncle, I don't know who he is
Zara, don't lie at least. Tell the truth to everyone
I am with you, you don't need to be afraid of anyone
why are you lying? Why are you doing this to me?
Uncle, ask him. I don't know who he is
Aqib!
Mirha, be quiet
but he is Aqib
I know
what is he doing here?
in sister Zara's room?
Let me go
you won't go anywhere, nor you'll say anything to anyone. You don't know him
sister... 
no ifs or buts, listen to me with open ears
you won't tell anything to anyone, else nobody will be as bad as me Mirha. I am telling you
sister, please...
you will stay completely quiet
you won't say anything to anyone, Mirha. Else I will thrash you so hard that you'll remember for lifetime
but sister, this.. 
be quiet, I cannot tell you anything right now. Please go from here
move away!
go!
I had brought you as my daughter-in-law, for the sake of my son Adeel's desire. Although I never wanted to
you'll proved to be of such character
I had never imagined that you'll proved to be of such a character
you've forgotten Adeel so soon, you didn't even realize that you just became a widow
what is all this?
uncle, relax. Let me tell you everything, ok?
you are the same guy who was standing outside yesterday, right?
move away! Dad, he was outside our house yesterday as well. I saw him myself
and when I asked him that what is he doing here, then he started making excuses
he said, I am searching for an address
now I got to know that he used to come here for Zara
Mahi! Why are you doing all this with me?
why am I doing?
who is he? We don't know him
when we don't know him, then what is he doing in this house?
 Not only in this house, but what is he doing in your room?
Zara, speak up! How come this boy came to your room. What is he doing in your room?
Zara, what's wrong with you? Tell them the truth, why are you hiding it?
uncle, aunty... I am Faraz. We became friends on Facebook
and don't know when this friendship turned into love. Zara doesn't have any fault in it
I had expressed my love for her for the first time
initially she was hiding her feelings a lot
then finally she admitted that she also loves me
but she had some compulsions due to which she was hiding our relation from you guys
and now when everything came in front of you, then why the delay?
I don't understand..
Zara, what rubbish this guy is uttering?
aunty, please don't say anything to Zara. Instead, you can talk to me & say whatever you want to
if you don't believe me then you can check my phone or Zara's phone
I think, she has saved my number by Saad's name so that you guys shouldn't doubt
but now everything is in front of you, then why the delay?
Oh God!
oh God, what is this happening?
I don't get it
Mr. Ahmed, I think this guy is telling the truth
I saw a few calls of a guy namely "Saad" on Zara's phone
I saw it myself, with my own eyes. This guy is telling the truth
aunty!
no matter if you've seen it or not, but I don't believe on this matter at all!
my Zara is not like that
uncle, if you don't believe me then let me call Zara
you will believe me then
yes, call me right away
uncle, he is just putting false allegation on me. When I don't know him then how come he will have my number?
tell him to call me
yes! call Zara's number right away
did you all believe me now?
Zara!
Zara, you'll proved to be of such character. I had never thought of it
what is all this, Zara?
I had brought you as my daughter-in-law, for the sake of my son Adeel's desire. Although I never wanted to
you'll proved to be of such character
I had never imagined that you'll proved to be of such a character
you've forgotten Adeel so soon, you didn't even realize that you just became a widow
aunty, don't you worry at all. I will take very good care of Zara
Don't you dare to utter a single word from your mouth
I will kill you!
if you took Zara's name from your filthy tongue, then nobody will be as bad as me
my Zara is not like that at all
beat me, come on. I am standing in front of you
but I truly love Zara
Zara is mine, only mine..
lets go Zara!
don't you dare!
get out of here, Get lost!
and if you'll look back, then I will ask the police to be after you. Get out of here!
uncle, you are not doing the right thing
I said, get lost from here. Go away. Come on!
get out of here!
is there any spectacle left to be seen?
that you are sitting here
your daughter-in-law has tarnished your honor
I used to say to you, but you never listen to me. Lets go now!
uncle...
please believe me, I haven't done any such thing
its all a lie
you know, I cannot do this right? You know me well, right uncle?
I know you, dear
I know whatever happened cannot be true
Ahmed, what are you saying?
are you believing on this girl's words?
Fareeda!
enough!
I won't hear anything at all
is this why you've stopped her?
to get ourselves humiliated or insulted?
how can you believe on some stranger guy?
really? So he was a stranger for us but not for her?
don't know to how many people she has told our address
what are you saying? Are you in your senses?
I am absolutely in my senses
it would have been good, if we would have sent her back to her parents house
I told you so many times to drop her back to her house
but you didn't agree with me
I had told you that we cannot take such a big responsibility on ourselves
are you happy now? Did you see?
are you satisfied now after getting humiliated due to your niece?
my God knows I am innocent, I haven't done anything
please believe me
enough!
don't you dare to utter a single word from your mouth
we have caught you red-handed. You were inside a room with some stranger guy
if we hadn't seen you with our own eyes, then we would have never got to know that with whomsoever you are being involved with
Mahi was right
she was right that you never wanted Adeel's baby to come into this world
if you didn't wanted Adeel's baby, then you could have given that baby to me
I would have taken care of that baby. We would have left you alone to enjoy the freedom
aunty, what are you saying? Have some sense please
I can never think of it. I only have Adeel in my heart, what are you talking about?
don't you dare to take Adeel's name from your filthy tongue
you've made a spectacle of his love
what was missing in his love for you?
what amiss we gave you?
why you became unfaithful to my son?
aunty, I haven't done anything. There isn't any such thing that you are thinking of
don't you know what I am saying?
please believe me
huh!
uncle!
move away Zara, move away!
we don't need you
Mahi, take your father to his room
Ok
move away
please come
only this day was left to be seen
where is Zara?
Zara must be somewhere
Call her, I want to speak to her
what's wrong with you, Mr. Ahmed?
you are not well, for God sake do some rest. Yet you are worried about Zara
dad, you are still concerned for Zara? 
She didn't even come once to ask about your health
why will she come in front of us?
since she got exposed in front of all. She won't come now
No
I don't agree that Zara did any such thing
No
this is the truth Mr. Ahmed, accept it
and you must be habitual of ignoring things
I am not habitual of it at all
I'm telling you clearly, today on wards I won't tolerate that Zara in this house
The decision has been made!
did you gave him the medicine?
yes
would you like to drink water?
No
I don't want to drink
No...
Zaini, dear why are you standing here alone?
Come, lets take a picture together
come on, lets go!
come my dear
take this
what shall I do with it?
hey, call aunt & tell her to take away her daughter immediately from here
but Mahi, they must be busy in the wedding over there
so what shall we do?
whatever we are going through because of her daughter, is that something less?
and this is great!
they shall enjoy the celebrations, and we shall tolerate the pain over here because of their daughter!
Call her right away. Call her & ask her to take away her daughter with her
by the way, this girl has deceived us big time
she made a fool out of us
I had kept her in such a precious manner, and she has proved to be of this character
she was always the same
the same way, she had made Adeel a fool as well
she has deceived my innocent son such a big time
I will never see her face ever
not only her, I won't see her mother's face too
no matter how much she begs me or apologize to me
also I won't let Ahmed keep any relation with them, you'll see
do one thing...
call Sarwat yourself
and tell her to come & take away her wretched daughter from here
I don't want to hear her voice even
ok fine, please go to dad. Meanwhile, let me call her
Okay