instead of having a sister like you
it would have been better for you to die the day Adeel had died 
Zaini!
Saad! How dare you to touch my sister?
I had honored him like my son
I used to trust him more than myself but he deceived me
the person whom I had considered the loyal & protector of my house
he had proved to be the enemy of my family
didn't you hear what Zaini had said? 
Didn't you hear what your sister had said?
didn't you ever get to know, what your sister used to feel?
didn't you ever see?
then Saad wasn't at fault alone
you are equally responsible
sister was right
there had been some lacking in my upbringing
are you back?
Maheen, this is uncle's medicine. You need to give this to him
but first feed him something
thank you so much dear
we got a lot of courage due to your presence
what are you saying, aunty?
you are calling me your son, also you are making me a stranger by saying thanks
mom, I am thinking to stay here with you
No dear...
your sister-in-law is about to get engaged, there must be plenty of work
what about us! These are our trials so we'll bear them
no aunty, we cannot go after leaving you worried like this
even if Maheen will leave, still she will stay worried while thinking about here
that's fine dear, but your mother will be worried
I've already talked to mom
I've told my sister, she has conveyed her the message
Okay
thank you so much dear
mom, let me go & check on Zaini
make some tea for Usama
and then prepare food for your father
we have worried you as well
We got into this problem all of a sudden, we had never thought of it though
what shall a person do..
everything will be finished
yes! everyone's life will be ruined. Yours, mine & Saad's. Nothing will be left Zaini
please save everyone
it will break
mine & Saad's engagement will be called off
everything will be finished
Zaini...
everything will be finished...
this is what he wanted
and he succeeded
Saad left me
Saad has left me
Zaini, please control yourself. Everything will be fine
everything is finished.. everything
Zaini! 
Zara, what are you doing here?
Zaini... Zaini
sister, Saad has deceived me
He left after leaving me alone
No, its nothing like that Zaini
everything is finished, sister
there isn't any such thing.
everything is finished, Saad left me
No...
our engagement is over
its nothing like that...
Zara please, go away from here
sister, Saad left. He went away from my life
He left me, he has left me...
No..
Zaini, control yourself please..
mine & Saad's engagement will be called off
everything is finished, sister
everything...
be quiet now, don't cry
please don't cry
I don't want to listen anything
he always gave my right to you
also he gave my share of time to you
he did engagement with me upon your insistence
he cared for me upon your orders
Zaini, he truly loves you
I don't want such a love given in charity
mom, take your medicine then you have to take insulin too
is Saad back home?
No, brother hasn't come. Just now I checked his room, but he isn't there
Ok call his friends & try to find out where he is
mom, who must be awake at this hour?
Ali is there, call him. He must know everything
Ok let me do it, but first take your medicine
I will take the medicine, just call Ali he must know all
Ok, take your medicine meanwhile let me call
Ok I will take it, keep it here
don't know where my son had spent the entire night
Dolly
God forbid if something had happened to my son like Adeel..
God forbid mom, what are you saying?
God forbid, may dirt be in my mouth. What am I saying!
don't know why I am having various delusions
it happens mom, let me call Ali. Please don't worry
let me bring the phone & call Ali, Ok?
Please don't take tension
oh God please have mercy & protect my son
what happened?
mom, Ali is not receiving the phone
why he isn't receiving?
let me try again
its ringing, but he is not receiving the phone
oh God, what is this happening?
maybe, he has kept the phone somewhere else that's why
don't know what had happened to everyone
why the phone isn't connecting?
I am not understanding anything. Call Zaini
she must know everything
Zaini?
Ok let me call her
mom, its just ringing but nobody is attending the phone
oh God, what happened to all. Why nobody is attending the phone?
mom, I am also feeling so anxious now
go bring my shawl
why?
I will go to brother Manzoor's house & check myself
mom, will you go there so early morning?
nothing happens! Go bring my shawl
Ok please sit, let me bring it
yes go
God, please protect my son. 
What had happened?
bring it now
are you up, dear?
yes mom
ok go, now do some rest since you've been restless for an entire night
don't know mom when I had slept
ok go, now I am here with your father
ok mom, do let me know if you need anything
yes yes, I will let you know
Maheen
wait, let me see
you!
I want to meet Zaini
you came alone?
where is your family?
first I want to speak to Zaini
Saad, uncle has strictly told us not to let you enter this house alone
so it would be better for you to go & come along with your family
who are you to stop me?
Who are you!
why do you want to tarnish uncle's image in this neighborhood?
what happened dear, is everything fine?
He is Mr. Manzoor's son-in-law, right?
did you see?
this is the neighborhood of respectable people
if you'll do any small inappropriate act, then these people won't take a second to exaggerate the matter
therefore, go away from here
I won't go, I will go & meet Zaini. Move away!
he was Mr. Manzoor's youngest son-in-law, right?
yes, both of them are Mr. Manzoor's son-in-laws
so why they were fighting?
don't know, there is something fishy for sure
yes, nowadays all the matters are completely fishy
and I heard that his daughter's company isn't good
anyways leave it, why do we care?
brother, tell me about this
your blood pressure is fine now, first have something then take the medicine
where is Zaini?
she is inside her room
did you talk to her?
I couldn't gather the courage
what to say to her?
in what difficult I've got into
I don't understand what is right or wrong
dad..
dad...
how are you feeling now?
I am alive
otherwise, you hadn't left a fraction
mom, why are you saying such things?
you know it very well that I have no one except for both of you
so why you did this with us?
I haven't done anything
its just a misunderstanding, why aren't you getting it?
Ok leave, go away from here Zara
your father is already not well because of you, so don't him sick anymore
and I am telling you
now if anyone will get hurt in my house because of you, then nobody will be as bad as me
at least listen to me that what had happened on that day.
 Mom, you aren't listening to me at all
didn't you hear?
I am asking you to leave
mom, Saad is here
alone
how are you?
absolutely fine, you tell me how are you doing?
I am also fine
congratulations on the first day of university
congratulations to you too!
I can't tell you Sadaf, how happy I am
anybody can tell that after seeing you
by the way, there are so many elite class people here
yes, even I was observing the same
anyways no problem, even we aren't less than anyone
its just that you don't have to make any other mistake now, got it?
Don't worry, I have started a new life after forgetting all the past
Ok come, let me show you something
what?
its canteen is very famous, lets have some snacks
really?
lets go then, come
you!
who let you come inside?
uncle, I tried to stop him
let me meet Zaini once, I will fix everything
Saad, we told you not to come alone & bring your mother along with you
why you came alone?
I cannot bring her, she won't be able to tolerate it
please keep her away from this matter
Wow! you really care about your family a lot
"nothing shall happen to my mother"
did you think about us?
my father is not well since last night & you are responsible for it Saad. Only you!
if something happened to my dad, then do you know how we are going to bear it?
I agree, nobody can bear the pain of whatever had happened
but why aren't you guys understanding that it can be a lie or a conspiracy
conspiracy! Who will do a conspiracy against you?
All of us used to take very good care of you, we used to love you a lot
why will we do a conspiracy against you?
why aren't you guys trusting us?
if your daughter's name is associated with my son
then he should get married to her
Zara & Saad shall get married
mom, what are you saying?
Shaista... Shaista
See, what I have brought. Piping hot halwa puri, come lets have breakfast & enjoy
come
Saad has come downstairs
who Saad?
what?
why is he here now?
don't know I just saw from upstairs
I didn't go downstairs
Saad was fighting with Usama
he was fighting?
yes
he was misbehaving in the neighborhood
he started misbehaving with Usama, when he tried to stop him
the entire neighborhood saw this spectacle
that Rukhsana who lives next door was looking everything while standing in her balcony
you know Rukhsana's nature very well
don't know whomsoever she'll call & tell that what is going on here
defamation find its way itself. Since there is a fight so now everyone will get to know
God! We've been defamed a lot, we won't be able to face anyone
why you & I aren't capable enough to show our face to anyone?
whomsoever children they are, only those people are defamed. Why do we care?
what are you saying?
they are our family
not strangers
it was your own family who had put such a vile allegations on your husband, right?
Adnan, I know whatever happened was wrong. Zara shouldn't have done this
but what is brother Manzoor's fault in it?
brother Manzoor has always been our well wisher
we shouldn't leave him alone in this situation, we should take care of him
Ok ok, now tell me what do you want from me?
let's go downstairs & see, God forbid what if brother Manzoor gets unwell
what if something wrong shall happen because of Saad & Zara
lets go after doing the breakfast
do you want to do the breakfast in this situation as well?
I don't understand women at all
you people know only one work, to annoy your husband. That's it!
come, lets go
Greetings!
Greetings!
mom, you!
these snacks are really delicious
I told you!
you are right
sometimes the luck is so grateful on some people
you are doubting whose fate
I am talking about that girl
oh, she is coming towards us
hello!
hi!
if you don't mind, may I join you guys?
yes please, sure
is today your first day?
yes.. 
its my first day as well
by the way, I am Sehrish
I'm Momal
nice to meet you
these snacks are really delicious
oh!...
try some
thank you!
you're welcome
they are delicious, right?
very much
where were you the entire night? Also your phone was switched off
do you know, how worried we were
one minute....
didn't Saad came home for an entire night?
yes Adnan uncle, we were so worried. We came to search for brother
Okay, we thought that Saad must have told you everything
what he must have told?
what happened?
mom, nothing happened. Please go home, I will tell you everything
at least wait...
one minute, sister Asfa
wait, we asked him to go & bring you along with him
its good that you came here yourself, we want to discuss the entire matter in front of you
but sister Sarwat, what's the matter? What had happened?
has Saad done any mistake? What he did?
mistake! He has committed a sin
He was caught red-handed with our daughter Zara
Adnan! What are you saying?
sorry to say sister, but this is true
we had fixed our daughter's proposal in your family, by considering you an honorable family
also we had seek your daughter's proposal from you, but we didn't know that...
everyone is such a culprit here
after all, what's the matter? Will anyone tell me what had happened?
mom, nothing happened. It was just a misunderstanding. Please lets go home
we didn't had any misunderstanding. Not at all
we have a proof
what are you saying Adnan uncle, how can you put such an allegation on brother?
where is Zaini? What is this happening, will somebody tell me
don't think about Zaini anymore
we won't even let his shadow fall on the girl like Zaini
brother Manzoor, why are you standing quietly? Why aren't you saying anything?
what shall I say?
I don't have anything to say
whatever Adnan is saying is right
No no, this cannot be true. How can you guys put this allegation on my brother?
Allegation! Dolly, if it had been only an allegation then why we would have believed it?
whatever our eyes saw, we cannot deny it Dolly
Ali you! you are saying all this?
you know my brother, he is not that kind of a person
don't you trust brother?
your brother has ruined the life of both of my sisters! How can I tolerate it?
tell me!
how are you talking to Dolly?
Wow, this is great Saad
The pot calling the kettle black
you did the robbery, you are the sinner. And now you are scolding Ali, wow!
Tell me, where was your self-respect at that time?
how will you fulfill your relations in the future?
if you were so modest, then why did you ruin the lives of both of our daughters?
you...
stop!
what proof do you have?
what proof do you have that my son did all this?
yes...
we have a proof
Greetings mom!
greetings!
in whose car you came?
mom, I made a new friend in the university. So it was her car, & she had dropped me today
have you seen the time? Its almost evening time
are these the off timings of your university?
No mom, actually today I got a bit late at the library
and I wasn't alone, Sadaf & Sehrish was also with me
Sadaf, Sehrish!
Who are they?
you must have made new friends in the university
I am telling you there is no need to make new friends in the university
which friends you have, they are enough
why are you burning your blood for no reason?
it will happen daily now, become habitual of it
it won't happen daily, mom
it happened only today, it won't happen next time
you have to be back home before 4 pm, I am telling you
otherwise, I won't listen to your father as well & make you sit at home simply
its not good for the girls to stay outside the house in the evening time
why don't you get it?
I got tired of explaining the same thing to Adeel my entire life
that don't roam around outside the house with your wife after evening time
but he didn't listened to me at all
what happened?
he left us
even you guys don't understand
mom...
you made mom cry
mom... this
why you did this?
Saad, what have you done?
why you did this? What was the need to do this?
you've made me ashamed in front of all
mom this is not true, please believe me. Its not true
your son has stabbed on our back, sister Asfa
I had considered him as my son
but the way he has repaid for my favors
I can never imagine
what mistake we did?
that he deceived us?
uncle, believe me I haven't done any such thing
due to which you or mom shall feel ashamed
you have already lowered your mother's head
how will you fulfill your future relations now?
I beg in front of you all
believe on my words for once. Forget everything & trust me once
I will clear everyone's doubts & misunderstandings
how shall we believe you, Saad? How shall we trust you?
sister Asfa, we have never considered your house different than our house
after your husband's demise.. 
Mr. Manzoor took the responsibility of your entire house & family, right?
he never made you realize, although we never had any benefit
but we had never signified it
then... 
why are you signifying it today?
I am not signifying the favors
I am just making you realize
we have experienced a huge loss, how to repent it?
we will do it
we will do it, sister Sarwat
I haven't forgotten your favors
the favors you did on me
I have never forgotten them
its mortgage until my last breathe
we didn't had any value as compared to you people
but still... 
but still you gave your daughter to my son
also you gave respect to my daughter in your house
today, when your honor is tarnished because of my son
so we'll repay for it
mom!
don't expect anything else from me anymore, sister Asfa
I respect you a lot, but I won't be able to do it
I cannot marry my daughter with such a person who has hurt my trust & belief
I can never forgive him
he should be punished for his actions
I cannot keep Zaini & Saad's relation intact at any cost
you may consider it over from my side
uncle don't do this please
dad, you cannot do this
brother, even your daughter had made a mistake
so why my son shall only be punished?
mom, what are you saying?
be quiet
brother... 
if your daughter's name is associated with my son
then he should get married to her 
Zara & Saad shall get married
mom, what are you saying?
what are you saying, sister Asfa?
how is this possible?
why it cannot be, sister Sarwat?
it takes two to make a quarrel
I have never said any such thing, nor I want to do
but since last few months, there had been so many questions on Zara's character
and they aren't hidden from anyone
I have never used any inappropriate words. I've always considered Zara as my own daughter
but today when my son is standing in front of you as a criminal
So nobody thought about him even for once?
you've only used bad words for him
so sister, only you are benefited in all the matters. Just think
right brother? Am I saying anything wrong?
brother had fixed his daughter's marriage with your son, although he didn't had a job
furthermore, he got his only son married to your daughter without any greed
now tell me, who is benefited in all this? Tell us
you got associated with such a good family
enough Adnan... 
Enough Adnan enough!
don't utter a single word anymore, I've heard you enough
its our personal matter, it would be better for you not to interfere in it
whatever you have to say, you've said it. That's it!
now let us speak
aunty, how can you think this way? That we'll get Saad & Zara married
why not?
what other option do we have?
when the allegation is on both of them, then both of them should be punished
your brother is not capable enough that we shall wed off our sister with him
I used to say it earlier, not to fix the marriage in this family
but they have made the relation with you along with Saad
you people were not capable enough with whom we should have made any relation
I won't do this marriage
Saad, be quiet!
brother look, I am saying this to you once again
you may give Zara's proposal to me
the mistake which my son & your daughter has committed, it cannot be fixed by anyone else
and brother, you know it very well that if anyone can hide this stain of defamation then its only Saad
except for him, nobody will accept Zara with this stain of defamation
I agree
I agree to get Zara & Saad married