Saad has been coming here since his childhood. 
At that time, no one even knew that he will be engaged with Zenny
Oh yes. 
Everyone was so surprised on this engagement.
Even I also thought that he will be engaged with you.
Our house has been robbed and they took everything.
What do you mean? 
Are you and Mirha alright?
Last time Adeel and Mahi came here then Mirha got accident 
and this time our house has been robbed.
God forbid, whose evil sight is effecting my house.
come on guys
pick up your share
and enjoy
have you distributed evenly?
hey Aqib
that girl's elder sister seems quite sly to me
for sure she'll file a complaint to the police. Just handle it
and yes, wasn't there any cameras or so in that house?
are you guys mad?
will I send you guys inside a house where there are cameras? Are you guys crazy!
I am just telling you, the girls elder sister seems quite clever to me
just check, what if she files a complain then we'll be caught
and what I have told you guys? Let Mirha's phone be with her
at least I would be getting information
he was hurrying
and what's the big deal if we would have got any information? As if you uncle would have saved us
come on, drink your tea
you guys don't remember anything
we have got ample money though
give your money to me
now its not that much that I shall give it to you
now don't leave your house for a few days
or just move to some other area, got it?
where shall we move to, brother? Nothing happens
dear, tell me where does it hurt
here?
here?
yes
yes, over here
over here
yes
doctor, I hope nothing is serious
No, nothing is serious
actually she got injured once again at the same place where she already had an injury
but the wound is safe due to the plaster
I am writing a few medicines
you need to give it to her on time
bring her to my clinic tomorrow, her proper check up is very important
please come doctor, let me see you off
Ok
okay take care
what is this new drama?
what was the need to call the doctor here?
what do you think? Won't I ask you the reality if you'll do this drama?
Mahi, I am not doing any drama. Its really hurting
stop your rubbish!
whatever you have done with us, its the consequences of that
now bear it, stay here alone!
Mahi... 
Zara
why are you getting so worried?
you are crying
look, see me off happily
next time I have to come as a groom as well
in God's protection
again you are getting worried
why are you being so superstitious?
everyone gets, Adeel
no
everyone doesn't
everyone does for the sake of their own love
the people whom we love, we don't want them to face any problem or so
its just... 
I am afraid
Zara
mom was enough for this
God will protect you
mom prays for me & I pray for you
aunt had said quite a lot of weird words
mom says, it keeps us out of trouble
problems run away and... 
evil eye stays off
don't you worry, everything will be fine
Adeel
please take care of yourself
you too
I will come back soon
now don't cry, ok?
don't you know that I didn't mean it?
don't you know about your mother at all?
then don't speak to me in poetry
so that I don't understand
you should have asked me clearly to leave this house
again the same thing, Maheen
do you understand anything or not? Or do you only understand whatever you feel like?
don't annoy your mother this way, I am already so worried
then why are you here to appease me if you are worried?
don't come, go away. Let me be
there is no need to appease me
I haven't come to appease you but to inform you that your husband had called
what!
he had called, why?
I don't know, he had a word with your father. He will come to meet him
let him come if he wants to, but I am not going anywhere
your father will decide that
why? Why father will decide, mom?
why father will make the decision of my life?
you are lucky, be thankful to God that you have a father
who can clear the mess you have made
mom!
come, lets have dinner. Even I haven't eaten because of you
move your scarf!
Mahi
please sit, I want to talk to you about something
speak up
will you ask brother Adeel to check our neighbor's cameras
why?
you don't want it?
Mirha, tell me the complete matter
why you don't want us to check our alley's cameras recording?
his name is Aqib
whose?
whose name is Aqib?
I went to meet him at the door
Wow! I already had a doubt on you
I had gone to meet him at the door, but he wasn't there
and those robbers entered as soon as I had opened the door
was he among those guys? Is he a robber?
No no Mahi, he wasn't there
oh! So he is the same guy with whom you had an accident on the bike
No Mahi, I was standing on the road and...
enough!
stop your rubbish! I have heard your false story many times
please don't tell anyone, not even mom or dad
I won't
also you'll ask brother Adeel not to check the recordings
I will check that myself
why?
there is no answer of every why, dear
anyways, when will you make me meet Mr. Aqib?
you?
yes me
make me meet him quickly, else I won't meet him
are you getting me?
you shouldn't have given such an early date
how we'll do the preparations so quickly?
its alright, if God wills everything will be done. One shouldn't delay good deed
Ok do call Ali in the morning, he wanted to talk to you
okay
when did he call?
he had called in the afternoon, but you weren't at home
did you tell him about Zara's wedding?
I did, he was so happy
hmm... ok fine
do you know, even I am having doubts in my heart since Maheen has talked about it
I am afraid
have you seen sister-in-law's face?
she is not happy. She is just pretending to be happy
a taunt pinches, even if you do it while smiling
I am afraid
has she been happy ever on anything, that you are worried about her?
leave her
if Adeel is fine, then all is fine
ok tomorrow morning I will bring some amount from the bank
then get the girls start working, so that all the matters shall be sorted quickly
do you know, what answer Zara gave me when I had talked to her?
She talked about you & me
She said. Dad, the way you have supported mom the same way Adeel supports me too
and then you had told her that if you see the resemblance of your father in your husband
then your love increases way too much
and a love teaches tolerance & patience
don't worry about Zara. God will make everything better
Ameen
Okay, this is done. Tomorrow morning I will bring you the money
then start all the preparations
Okay fine
oh God, we are destroyed & ruined
the robbers took away everything. God! everything has happened because of that wretched girl!
mom, mom.. why are you ruining the matters?
be quiet
dear Mahi, take your mother to her room. It seems that she has completely lost her senses
you are right, lets go
why I wouldn't loose my senses? Can't you see my house? we are completely ruined!
they took away my everything
my safe was completely filled with the jewelry, oh God!
Farida, Farida... be quiet!
dad
dear... 
are you fine?
are you fine?
didn't anyone hurt you?
I am fine, brother
ok tell me, how did it happen?
Zara, look at the condition of your hair
they are so bad due to no oiling
please try doing oiling & take care of your hair
you are there to take care of me
yes, for a few days. After that you'll get married & go to your husband's house
then who will take care of you over there?
Zaini, I will miss you a lot
yes, that's fine. You can come to meet us every weekend with brother Adeel
this way we'll feel happy too
yes
I will ask Adeel
yes
by the way, did you talk to Saad?
Saad?
yes! since he left from here, neither he had called
also his number is coming to be off, whenever I am calling him
did he said something to you?
No... I didn't talk to him about anything
then what it can be?
I have to tell him about your date fix and... 
there is so much of work, how can we manage without him
I don't know
I will call him tomorrow morning
I have done oiling in your hair, now you can make the braid yourself
I am going, as I am very sleepy
thank you Zaini, thank you so much
you're welcome!
dad, I think we shall file a report to the police
no dear, I think we shall not escalate this matter more
dad, what are you saying?
if we won't file a report then they'll be more encouraged
then they'll do the robbery in everyone's house in the broad daylight
okay mom, please...
dear, I do agree with you. But you also try to understand
your wedding is round the corner, the festivities will begin from day after tomorrow
and during that time if we'll visit the police station then it can create hurdles in your wedding too
and then my daughters have to visit the police station too and...
you are very well aware of the police station's environment
besides that, the policemen will visit our house every other day and..
will ask different kind of questions from our daughters
and I won't be able to tolerate such a disgusting thing
whatever loss had to happen has happened
but the most important thing is that our daughters are safe
ok dad, fine
and dear, both of you shall not worry at all
whatever loss had to happen has happened
it will be recovered too, if God wills
Just start wedding preparations
but dad, they took away all mom's jewelry
mom...
may God ruin them, they took away all of my jewelry
dear, don't worry
your mother has quite a lot of other jewelry, which is in the bank's locker
Farida, go to the bank with Adeel in the morning & get the jewelry from the locker
and be careful that there shouldn't be any lacking while gifting to our daughter-in-law
still you are worrying about that wretched girl! 
you don't worry about me at all?
there shouldn't be any lacking while gifting her!
Farida...
did you see?
Saad, you are this family's son-in-law. Get yourself respected!
I had so much of headache on my entire way. I swear, I took two pain killers
I was having a splitting headache, what to tell you!
God, who had asked you to take so much of tension mom?
ok leave this & tell me about Mirha's matter
what were you saying about Mirha? Tell me in detail
it wasn't anything though, I was just joking
what!
you were joking? You were saying such a big thing jokingly?
so what else I could have done? 
If I wouldn't have done any such thing
then you would have said Zara a wretched girl & would have ruined the entire matter
God... you are such a big shot Mahi
you have started to show slyness to your mother as well!
and tell me something, why you've become so merciful nowadays towards Zara?
why are you doing all this?
I am telling you the last time
if I will take her side then only I will be able to move her on the side
are you getting it?
whatever... but never lie to me in this manner again
I had so much of headache, how would you know that I was in such a big problem
I was afraid, what if Mirha is having an affair with someone
what if some goon has trapped my daughter in his false love
as if its very easy! Your small daughter is not so easy to be trapped
anyways, quickly do your breakfast
we have to go for shopping
you've brought really bad guavas
oh God! try to eat sometimes while thanking God
they are all bad
Zara, I hope nothing has happened to you
here you go, brother
yes, keep it here
Ok
and yes, have you done tonight's preparation? Keep mom ready as well
I will pick you guys on my way back
brother, we won't be able to go
what do you mean, you cannot go?
today is Zara's function
mom is not well so she cannot sit there for long
so mom will rest over there, we aren't strangers for them
brother, you think as if everything is fine there
however, there is a possibility that nothing is fine
what do you mean?
Nothing! brother please just excuse them
nothing as such is going to happen, Dolly!
already you aren't visiting their house, they ask about you from me at all times
and I have to say that mom is not well
today is Zara's function, if you & mom won't go then people will make gossips
but brother I was...
no ifs or buts
be ready in the evening, I will pick you guys
hello Saad
why you have called?
are you still upset?
I don't get upset with those people who are strangers for me
Saad...
today is my henna function, will you leave your friend alone like this?
Saad, I will leave this house very soon. Won't you come to meet me?
Ok, I am sorry
I shouldn't have talked to you in that manner
Saad... at least you can forgive your friend
shall I bring flowers for you?
yes please! the ones which are in fashion nowadays
I will bring them
come quickly, I'm waiting for you
bye bye!
I will come
Bye!
show me
yes... perfect!
let me put earrings now
what happened?
why your mood is off? Today is your henna function, not wedding ceremony
tell me, what happened?
I am feeling so weird
its normal
do you know, when something different is happening in life. Then its feelings are also different
therefore please stay normal
and your make up will be spoiled, which I have done with a lot of difficulty
please fix your mood
Zaini...
yes mom?
is she ready?
yes, see... she is looking pretty, right?
All praise to God
come & help me in the kitchen
don't know what's wrong with your father, he takes so much time to do one thing
call him as well
and yes! if Saad comes then do send him to me
ok mom, you go I am coming
if you had to come, then you should have come earlier
we cannot talk today
its Zara's mayun ceremony
yes, even we aren't here to talk about anything
we are here to attend the function as well
yes! you guys are expert in showing off
you guys will never let anyone know that nothing is right between us
its a good thing
its better to do the drama instead of escalating the matter
at least spare me today!
even today you are taunting me
Maheen, you are doing the same thing that you've been doing until today
a mess should be created in a manner that it can be cleaned later
Okay, where is Sawera?
mom & Shehla is also here. Have you met them?
go, meet them
yes, obviously! now I have to learn the drama too
let me go & meet them
ok listen!
don't discuss any old matter with mom
if possible then spit your anger
I am trying to drink my anger
because if I will spit, then it will come on anyone's face
how shall I take you from here?
and there is no one around
can you do one thing? If you can stand here for sometime, meanwhile I will move the wheelchair there
yes, no problem I will. Just hold me please
be careful.
hey wait wait..
be careful, how are you?
come, let me take you
no no, thank you. I will take her
what's wrong? I will take her, she is injured..
also there is a divider here, carefully get up
be careful...
yes, be very very careful
be careful
come on
hold her, else she'll fall
I am holding her
move a bit
its fine, I will take her
you can take her, I was just helping her to cross
wait
let me bring the wheelchair. Hold her, don't let her fall Ok?
yes yes
shall we move it?
yes
Okay come, be careful with your clothes
sit
thank you!
no problem
put your foot carefully
is it ok?
you're wearing such a nice perfume
lets go
I'm waiting here to help you guys whenever you come back
no thanks! you may leave, I will manage
really?
Zara, I hope nothing happened
sorry
are you blind? Can't you see?
I am not blind, but whatever is happening I can't see that
Are you fine?
Adeel, leave it. Let me see
aunt, leave it. Its the same thing
let me do it
oh God! one bad omen is happening after another
my heart is fearing a lot
sister, what are you saying?
we don't mind such things at all
a person's religious belief shall be strong, then what is this bad omen?
yes, even I am saying the same thing sister
I always pray for my children that may God keep them safe & happy
are you fine?