This is no way... whenever they want they can come & whenever they want they can refuse
is this some joke? Give me the phone let me see
Fareeda!
They are such liars and deceivers!
I didn't expect them to be like this.
She is marrying her daughter for a second time, that too by lying. 
What did Saad wanted to talk about that he couldn't say in front of us?
What do I know?
But I want to find out what it is.
Adnan... why do you have a habit of interfering in other people's business? 
aunt
aunt, your breakfast
you haven't eaten anything since last night
I don't want to eat anything prepared by you
take it away from here!
why are you upset with me? What have I done, aunt?
what have you done?
Don't you know?
I had forbidden you, not to tell her divorce matter to anyone
how did this matter got exposed?
aunt, I don't know. I know nothing about it
you are lying!
I thought, I was wrong
I did a mistake in understanding you
but no
you are exactly like your mother
aunt, why are you bringing my mother in between?
why I shouldn't bring her in between? Why?
the way you've made my daughter's life a spectacle in front of all, the same way I will talk about your mother!
its her brought-up that you've done such a vile act
you are exactly like your mother
both of you have done a conspiracy against my daughter, right?
aunt, what are you saying. Why will I do this?
because you are jealous of my daughter's happiness
I have understood this on the very first day when you enter this house after marriage
first you ate away my son & now you are after my daughter's happiness
I had trusted you a lot
but you have disappointed me once again, you've proved me wrong once again
aunt, this is not true
its not true?
its not?
you knew it that we've hid the divorce matter from them, then how come this matter got out?
you have told them, right?
You had called them?
answer me
aunt, what are you doing?
why did you tell them?
aunt!
Fareeda, what are you doing?
why did you tell them?
leave her
ask her, why she did this?
why did she ruined my daughter's life?
you always find me & my daughter at mistake
why don't you ask her, when she knew it that we've hid the divorce matter from them then why did she tell them?
how did this matter got out?
uncle, I swear I haven't said anything to anyone. I haven't told anything to anyone
Zara... tell me, were you aware of the fact that these people are deceiving them?
speak up dear, I am asking you something
I wasn't expecting this from you, dear
you had kept me in delusion as well
uncle, I was just...
got it
I've understood
Fareeda, stop shifting your blame on someone else's shoulders
whatever had happened, is because of your greedy nature
are you happy now?
get lost from here!
don't come in front of me
Zaini
dad you?
yes
what are you doing?
nothing, I was just making notes
are you angry with Saad?
Saad told me
I do understand that you must have mind his words
but Saad has his own perspective towards life
as far as I know him
he isn't that kind of guy who does something hastily & in a wrong manner
he wants to marry you but on the right time
as far as my experience is concerned, I think
the boy who is so serious about his future
he can never do injustice with anyone
whatever decision Saad must have done, I'm sure it must be best for both of you
are you getting my point?
yes, yes dad
and I'm quite sure that Saad will keep you very happy
just support him the way your mother had supported me
yes dad, I will try my level best
I was expecting the same sensibility from your side
all my son-in-laws are very nice
Usama is very nice
Adeel was very nice
Saad is very nice as well
just keep smiling like this, dear
do you know what happens, when children smiles?
it energizes the old bones of the parents
come on, now end your anger. He is here to meet you
make a nice cup of tea for him and yourself & bring it
ok, would you like to drink tea?
stay happy
thank you dad
go..
yes
so you've agreed?
yes
dad said, that's why I have agreed
and when I was saying, you didn't believed me
you didn't made me believe it
you were just telling me off
and the way you were telling me off, do you have any idea how hurt I was?
you had switched off your phone too
yes, its because I forgot to take my charger with me
so you could have used someone else's. Say it clearly that you don't want to talk to me
if you want to fight, then its ok
I am leaving
I won't let you go this way
somebody will see, at least leave my hand Saad
let them see
Saad!
all my ways go to you, Zaini
you are my destination
your smile brings light to my life
never lessen your love for me
uncle, please forgive me as I have hidden such a big matter from you
dear, what complain shall I make to you?
my own child is at mistake
a child is just like a beating heart to their parents
if that heart beat fluctuates a little then the entire soul gets affected
I wish that a child could feel the pain of its parents then
the parents would have never experienced any pain
and if ever the children makes any mistake, then its a parents duty to rectify them or show them the right path
but the parents who hide their children mistakes
they face humiliation like this
dear, I want you to go back to your parents house
dear, its not like that I am upset with you or you've done any mistake
but because they need you over there
Sarwat had called me
and I don't want that you shall not attend your brother's joyous occasion by getting busy in this house related matters
uncle, I won't go anywhere from here
I had promised Adeel that I will not leave this house or the family of this house
it seems that I have done some good deed in my life
that's why God has blessed us with a daughter-in-law like you
stay blessed dear, stay blessed
Mahi..4
are you still crying?
Stop crying, dear
get up, wash your face & come out with me
everything is finished mom. Everything!
I had told you not to do this
let me tell them the truth
nobody would have got to know anything
its all done by your Zara. Only Zara!
I think, I made a mistake. I couldn't recognize her
I kept telling you mom, that she can never be on our side but you never listened to me at all
Ok be quiet now
be quiet now, don't bother yourself Mahi. You are my brave daughter
don't cry, good girl
how shall I stop crying?
my life is ruined, everything is destroyed. What will happen now?
don't cry, please. Wash your face & come with me. get up, come out of your room
I don't want to go
Shaista
I am not understanding the reason behind Saad's refusal
when did he refuse?
he had asked for sometime to think, that's it
its the same thing, whether you hold the ear from this side or that side
I think there is some storm behind this haste
there is something for sure, I doubt
what doubt you have?
Saad is a sensible & literate boy & Zaini is our daughter
I am not talking about Zaini, I am saying something else. And you've brought Zaini in between
your mind is always the factory of doubts & conspiracy
why Saad will do any such thing?
you think whatever I am saying is wrong, right?
but a time will come when you'll find all of my words true
whose phone is it?
its of my friend "Jameel"
what is this time to call?
what's wrong with you? Its my friend's call
you've become James Bond by watching mysterious dramas
have a look, its written Jameel. Check the spelling
look what you say!
I'm going to take the call, meanwhile warm the dinner
hello!
yes?
yes yes
how are you, Jameela?
I am fine, but you don't sound fine
what happened? Have you fought again?
its a regular routine. What is the duty of a wife? To suck their husband's blood, that's it
don't say this
since you'll get married to me in the future, so will you say the same thing for me as well?
No no, why will I say you?
You are my life my world.. 
why will I say this to you?
I see, so these love birds are sitting here
with whom you are talking? Who is it?
no, I am not saying to you. I was just watching TV
disgusting man!
to whom you are saying this?
to whom I can say?
well... 
are you talking about Adnan uncle?
why? What happened?
what had to happen?
few days ago I saw him with a girl
what? with a girl?
just now he is talking on the phone, I think he is talking to her
but how come Adnan uncle do this?
what do you mean by this? 
It doesn't take time for a man to change
and after marriage, such men gets involved in an affair with some other girls
if Shaista aunt gets to know about it, she won't spare him
what can she do? It doesn't make any difference to him. That's why he does such things
but please, don't open your mouth. There is no need to discuss this matter with anyone
I shall keep my mouth shut?
you shall keep your mouth shut! Because you keep telling everyone
what! I am forbidding you myself then why will I tell anyone? I don't want to get into any trouble
I think, I made a mistake by telling you
yes greetings! How are you dear? Why were you not picking up the phone?
what difference does it make, however I am here. Whether I shall live or die?
what's wrong Maheen, what are you saying?
did you went to Mahi's wedding? How's the guy, how was the wedding?
No, the wedding couldn't happen
why?
the guy's family didn't come
very nice...
what's wrong Maheen, are you in your senses? What are you saying?
what else I should say, mom? The way Mahi treats me, it was evident to happen with her
they are old matters Maheen, forget them
I cannot forget, mom. Today, if my life is in a problem then its just because of Mahi
what problems do you have in your life, tell me
you are sitting in your house, you are happy then why are you being ungrateful?
You will say this. What do you know that how they treat me here
dear look, fights & quarrels do happen in every family
you have to be a bit sensible & patience
mom, if you have to talk about such things then don't call me
okay, fine.. let me leave you on your own. I won't say anything
I have called to inform you that your brother is getting married next week
your father has delayed it for a week's time because of Mahi
we wanted to get Zaini & Saad married as well along with them. But Saad wants to get settled first
why? Why can't we do their wedding together?
dear, its Saad's decision . Also your father is agreed on it
why does dad listen to everyone?
yes, and he listens to you too
I don't understand dad's hasty decisions
after all, what as such is the calamity mom?
and if Saad doesn't want to marry right now then refuse Ali as well. Later we will do their weddings together
Okay, leave it. Nobody has asked for your suggestion
and all of us are very happy
specially I am very happy that my son's heartiest desire is about to be fulfilled
he will get some sense once he'll get married to Dolly, you'll see
don't talk non-sense, Mahi
you are the eldest daughter of our family, so come to our house to help us. That's what I am telling you
I won't come on the wedding, nor I will come to that house
are you in your senses?
what are you saying?
when you don't care about me at all, nor you listen to me then why shall I come?
Maheen?
hello?
I feel disgusted from you, I hate you!
I hate your existence. Get out of here!
Mahi!
Ouch... aunty...
did Maheen said this to you?
which other child do we have who doesn't have any manners to talk to her parents?
what else she was saying?
she keeps repeating all those old matters
we'll visit her in-laws house to talk to her. She will be convinced if we'll appease her
do you think this way?
I don't think so
she is so stubborn, she won't agree
talk to her
you've made up your mind already
but we haven't talked to her as of yet
well, lets see
Ok Ali is coming tomorrow, have you done all the arrangements?
I am doing that, I've asked Saad to handle everything
handover a few work to Usama as well, as he is your elder son-in-law
yes
let me see
drink your tea, its getting cold
I think its better to serve lunch, as I don't feel like drinking tea right now
Okay fine, let me get it served
wait a few minutes
the guy's family didn't come
Very nice...
what's wrong Maheen, are you in your senses? What are you saying?
what else I should say, mom? The way Mahi treats me, it was evident to happen with her
they are old matters Maheen, forget them
I cannot forget, mom. Today, if my life is in a problem then its just because of Mahi
mom!
what happened?
see, its Maheen
oh! what I am seeing?
such a shamelessness!
she is such a dark-horse
look carefully whether its Maheen
yes yes, she is Maheen
God! her mother doesn't even know that what her daughter is doing. How much freedom they've given tho their girl
in what things you are getting into, what happened?
mom, I'm saying lets go & show this to aunt
No, I am not going there. There is no need of it
what do you mean its not needed? Its important to go there
if someone else would have seen Maheen instead of us, then our family had been so much insulted.
have you ever thought about it?
yes, that's right but..
no mom, no ifs or buts. We have to go & tell aunt everything
why aren't you getting it, mom? Aunt's insult means the insult of our entire family
I've clicked a few pictures as well, lets go & show her
really?
lets go, take her along too. Come
let her be, come on
what is this?
tell me
did I sent you to the university to do such things?
yes?
brother, ask her who is this guy?
honestly speaking, I was so shocked to see this. I felt so ashamed
I couldn't move from my place
then Mahi said, lets go & tell this to uncle & aunt
what if someone else sees this, eventually it will become the basis of defamation for us
aunt, why are you exaggerating the matter for no reason?
what!
hey, look at her. How she is arguing, Mahi!
this is great!
"On top of theft, showing off your chest"
Maheen, tell me how come you've become so shameless?
you should have cared about your father's honor
you've auctioned our honor in the middle of the market. Not only your father's honor but you've stained the entire family's honor
girls like you are the reason of defamation
brother, by the way its your fault as well
you should have kept your children under control.
After all, its the duty of parents to put chains in their children feet
if my Mahi would have done any such antic
then I would have thrashed her so hard that the entire world would have seen
dad, its not like that
they are putting false allegation on me
keep your mouth shut! Not a single word
mom, Talha & I was just...
enough Maheen!
enough is enough!
whatever we had to listen we have, not anymore
Sarwat
call Usama's family & say "yes" for her proposal
I want to wed her off with Usama as soon as possible
dad... but dad
you guys have visited us after such a long time
we had thought about it many times, but don't know why we couldn't come
Okay, let me call Maheen right away
Maheen... Maheen. Dear, look who is here
greetings mom & dad
Greetings!
how are you?
Where is Usama?
actually today he'll come late from office, just now he had called to inform
okay
actually sister Ruqqaiya, we have come to give you an invitation
next week is my son Ali's wedding
really?
but nobody told us anything
Maheen, does Usama knows this?
yes, I had called Usama for this work. He knows it
although we live in the same house, but it seems as if we have distances of miles among us
and we've always honored your words. We have always come, whenever you have invited us
we attended Zara's wedding too
however, do you know. How badly Maheen had misbehaved with us
if anyone else would have been in our place then he would have never attended that wedding
sister Ruqqaiya, even earlier I had said sorry to you on this matter
if you want, I can apologize to you once again
no brother Manzoor, its not like that. Don't say this, I've said it just like that
we do realize that whatever happened shouldn't have happened. That's why we came to you to remove the distances
its just that you will attend our joyous occasion, so... We are here with so much of hope
and Maheen, dear you also leave your anger now & attend your brother's joyous occasion
what are you saying?
isn't Maheen attending the wedding?
are you guys here to appease her?
actually everything happened all of a sudden that
okay
anyways, no problem. 
better late than never
don't you worry at all. The way I have remove all the grudges from my heart, the same way you also remove all the things from your heart
I will personally bring Maheen to your house, you guys shall not worry & go home
thank you so much, sister Ruqqaiya
please sit & talk. Meanwhile, let me ask Sawera to bring tea for you people
dear Maheen
end your anger
now I've come personally to appease you
how are you dear?
I'm fine
until when you'll stay upset?
well...
Hello!
Aqib, where were you?
 I've been calling you since so many days but you weren't picking up any of my call
actually I was busy in some work that's why I couldn't talk to you
you tell me, did your sister got married?
No, she didn't
why, is everything ok?
its a very long story, I will tell you some other time
Ok Mirha, I can't hear you properly. Where are you right now?
I am talking to you secretly, Aqib
why so?
mom got to know about us
who told her?
your sister must have told her for sure
No.. sister Zara told her & mom is very angry
and if she catches me while talking to you, then don't know what is going to happen
don't worry at all, everything will be fine. I am here
ok Mirha, I will talk to you later as I am a bit busy right now
ok, but don't call me yourself I will call you
ok?
okay, do call me
bye!
ok, take care
bye!
the same..
Mirha
do you want something, Mahi?
why you did this?
why you did this to me?
what have I done, Mahi?
everything was going fine
I was about to get married
but as soon as you got to know, you told everyone
Mahi, why will I tell anyone? I haven't told anyone
why will you tell!
because you are jealous of me
you are jealous of my happiness
you never wanted to me to get married
you & your sister did conspiracy against me
why you did this? What did you get by doing this with me?
Mahi, its not like that at least listen to me
don't you dare to touch me
stay away from me
I feel disgusted from you, I hate you!
I hate your existence. Get out of here!
Mahi!
Ouch... aunty...
aunty...
Zara! What have you done?
Zara!
aunty, its hurting a lot
lets go to the doctor right away
Mirha, call your father & ask him to come immediately
we'll go to the doctor right away
its hurting a lot, aunty...
we'll go the doctor
Mahi... what have you done!
oh God, please have mercy