Your father has told Zara everything. 
He has asked them not to leave home 
and that he will be introducing his friend to Zara.
how can I convince him for the proposal?
 Why not?
I almost forgot that Mahi isn't your sister that you should try for.
The way you tried for Saad and Zaini to get engaged. 
but Mirha got into an accident. Your issue came on her head. I am telling you to go some other time
She'll die. I've seen her funeral in my dream
her funeral, why don't you get it?
I will go for sure...
I promised Zara, so I will go for sure
I will go at any cost, no matter what happens
Even if I die! 
oh well brother, at least you came to our house by any means
Saad made me talk to Zara, I had talked to her yesterday
all praise to God, she was so happy
sister, its just that our daughters shall stay happy in their in-laws house. What else does parents want
Amen
oh yes, this is your monthly amount
thank you brother, it seems today is 10th
yes, today is 10th
its been so long brother, but you have never delayed it for even a single day
their father also used to give me the monthly amount on the 10th of every month
this was his principle.
 At the time of starting our business, brother Farooq said
that besides us, even the employees will be paid on the 10th of every month
I am grateful to you, brother
nowadays people don't even ask alive people, yet you are fulfilling the friendship of your dead friend
sister, see I don't come to your house because you say such things
I am not doing any favor, I am juts fulfilling my duty. That's it!
Zara
Zara, please stop crying
look here, I am holding my ears
Sorry!
Adeel, you don't know
I am feeling so anxious. Lets not go, we shouldn't go
Zara look... 
I have been waiting for this day since so long
when I shall take you somewhere where its just you & me only
please don't take my mom's words to your heart
Adeel... you are my world, I am so happy with you over here as well
I won't listen to anything, Zara
I have said to mom, also I am saying it to you too
I won't cancel my plan at any cost
please fix your mood
Zara, trust me. Nothing will happen
everyone will welcome us warmly, when we'll come back
and they'll be impatient to get their gifts
will you be crying in the same manner at that time as well?
look at your face, what have you done to yourself by crying
will you go like this to your honeymoon?
Zara
your smile is the reason of my life
please don't let it off from your face ever
Adeel, what things do you say?
 You shouldn't be saying such things
Ok I won't. I promise!
and we'll shift in our house after coming back from the honeymoon
for forever... 
is this possible?
Absolutely!
it is absolutely possible
ok come
where?
we are going out
right now?
yes! I am taking you for shopping
Adeel, have you seen aunt? She was so angry, how can we go now? I cannot go
whose wife you are?
Mine, right?
so your husband is ordering you, come on get ready
Adeel...
Zara
I am saying, please
go, get ready
sister, what have you decided about Dolly's wedding?
brother, I was about to ask you the same question
I was about to discuss it with you
actually, I want to bring Zaini to my house first before marrying Dolly
because I will be left all alone in the house, if I wed her off
we'll do as you wish
if you want to do the wedding of both of them together, then we are also agreed
and if you want to do Saad's wedding first, then let us know. No problem
Ok brother, as you say
so tell me, how is your wife?
All thanks to God, everyone is fine
the path is completely clear, you mother is asleep
I told her that I have sent you guys for my personal work
ok tell me, are you guys done with the shopping?
yes dad, its done
actually we had to buy a few important things, that's why we had to go
obviously dear, if a person had to travel then last minute things are always there
dear, you go & rest
ok uncle
good night
good night, dear
thank you so much, dad
for what?
for everything!
only you've understood me from my childhood till now
you have always protected me in my every good & bad times
even today... 
dear, until I am alive
you & Zara don't have to worry about anything
as far as your mother is concerned
don't worry
I will never let her do any injustice with Zara
I know
you know what?
you're the best father in the whole world
and you are my on best son, dear
go, rest now
ok dear, travel safe
and I must say, you shall leave now as there is very less time in your flight
Ok dad, Hamza will come to the airport with the car. He will drop us back
Ok dear, travel safe
take care of yourself
bye!
take care of yourself, ok?
bye!
Bye!
may God make their travel safe
Mr. Ahmed, they have gone
but I am telling you, today I am feeling very anxious
call the kids from the madarssa, I want to keep a religious gathering
I swear, I am feeling very anxious
how many times I have told you, don't talk non-sense
explain your mother, Maheen
both of them have left for their journey, we shall pray at this time
and here she talks rubbish!
I pray that she dies, and shall never come back
and I shall get rid of her
What happened?
your mood is quite off
you don't seem happy
nobody was happy, Adeel
not even you?
it had never happened like this with me
my mother always blesses me with her prayers whenever I leave from home
and aunt had just blessed you
not me
I am just missing my mom
just a small matter?
Come here
let me recite & bless you
Adeel!
they must have told you that when they are coming back
Who?
I am talking about our son, whom else I will ask about? Who else had gone from this house?
they haven't reached to the airport as of yet & here you are talking about their arrival
I've just asked a general question. What's the problem in answering?
the problem is that, I would have told you if I would have known the date
well... your daughter-in-law loves to do everything as per her choice
she will come whenever she feels like
Once I had read a book
it was written that, elders stops the small kids to play in the sand because
they feel like playing with the sand themselves
even you had tried a lot that Adeel & Zara shall not go on the honeymoon
what if you also feel like.. 
I hate this habit of yours!
joking around at all times
you are always joking with Zara as well
you'll see, one day your daughter-in-law will dance on our heads because of your antics
your son is married now, have some sense
be a bit sober, joking at all times is not good
I've learnt only one thing in my life
whichever days you pass happily are good
nobody can trust life
it depends if we breathe back or not, else everything is finished
anyways... if you talk to them then tell them to come back within a week
they can spend the rest of their honeymoon at Edhi centre
what else?
they had celebrated their wedding reception on the roads & orphanages
I haven't said anything strange
don't know what is this woman's problem!
she makes such a sweet tea although her tongue is way too bitter
Mahi... Mahi dear, bring me another cup of tea
your mother has poured an entire truck of sugar in it
hmm... 
Ok today is the problem
but when will you introduce me to that robber?
he isn't a robber, sister
Ok he is not a robber, so lets call him the spy of robbers. When are you going to introduce him?
why do you want to meet him?
I want to meet him, that's enough. 
Why & for what, you cannot ask that
and listen, why had fallen for such a guy that you are feeling ashamed to introduce him to your family?
you will insult him that's why I am not letting you meet him
No dear, why will I insult him?
first, I will see him
I will see, whether he is capable to be insulted or not
what if he doesn't have any respect to be insulted
See! I am not introducing him to you because of your such words
you have started to insult him right away
are you refusing?
yes
and do you think that I will introduce him to you after such discussion?
do whatever you want to do
you want to check the CCTV, or provoke our parents. Do whatever you want to
I am also your sister, I will face everything myself
but I won't let you meet him
honestly Mirha, you've proved that you are my sister
but I will decide that how much younger you are from me
this is his number, right?
yes?
speak up
when will you introduce him?
what is your problem, sister?
my problem is really big
Zara... 
where is Zara?
Maheen, go call her
mom, what's wrong? Why Zara will be here? She is at her house
yes! it had slipped out of my mind. Call her, make me speak to her
mom, have you seen the time? She must be in her flight at this hour
yes... may God keep everything fine
don't know why I am feeling so anxious
I couldn't offer the prayers as well
it felt as if Zara is calling me again & again
mom, she is in the flight right now. She had said that she'll call us as soon as the flight lands
Ok
by the way, until what time she'll reach?
its quite weird mom. You are in a hurry to oust the one who is at home
and the one who had gone, you are in a hurry to call her back
God forbid, why do I have to call her back?
its just that...
I am feeling a bit anxious
don't know what's happening. Give me some water
Mom, what do you do? You are spreading tension for no reason. There isn't any such thing
you are getting worried & making me worried for no reason
you always keep thinking about something or the other, Here you go
Dolly
yes?
dear, I was thinking about my quilts that are kept in the storeroom. They are brand new
take them out, I will put them in the sunlight
and do one thing, get them a cover of your choice
why mom? They are so old & dirty. What needs to be done with them?
I will give you on your wedding in dowry, what else?
oh mom, what's wrong? Who gives quilt nowadays in dowry?
I don't want, even your were kept as it is. Its not required
then you shall also keep them safely
do you know, when I got married. At that time, a dowry used to be called precious due to mattress & quilts
and my mother! She had gifted me 3 quilts, that too of brokett
mom, earlier times were different. Nowadays its not trendy
as it is, brother Saad will get married first. Lets see what Zaini brings, we'll keep something like that
what are you saying?
why are you doing this, dear?
mom, they don't consider us anything
there is no need to do so much
they don't consider us anything?
oh dear, nobody has ever considered us anything except for them
and the way this house runs, its because of brother Manzoor's money
which he gives us every month, besides we never had to mention him
dad had a partnership with Manzoor uncle
why he won't give us the money? Its our share, he isn't doing any favor
he did a favor
and he always does
and now you don't be ungrateful!
our relatives were waiting for your father's death
if brother Manzoor hadn't been there, then don't know in what condition we must be
stop it mom, I will take out your quilts then you can give me
I have heard these stories many times, I can tell you word by word too
don't worry, I will remember everything
whatever everyone did earlier & what they are doing now. I won't forget anything
what is he doing? tell me
he insulted us, can't you see mom?
or only I've gone mad?
they make us realize about our inferiority
they don't consider us compatible to them, mom
why can't you feel, it seems as if you are blind folded
now you'll say, "no dear, there isn't any such thing"
leave it, mom!
I have to go in that house, why will you care?
please tell me where is my son right now. Is he fine, is he alright?
yes, he is fine but right now he is in the hospital. He had an accident
Accident! Where did it happen, & how?
Is my son fine? Did he got hurt?
hello!
yes Hamza?
hello uncle, I have called to ask about Adeel. 
He haven't reached to the airport as of yet
what do you mean, Hamza?
He haven't reached to the airport?
but he had left long time ago, did you check properly?
his number is coming to be switched off since so long, please try on his wife's number
I am waiting here for him
Ok dear, but he must have reached there by now
anyways, let me try calling on his number
check again for your satisfaction, he must be there
uncle, he had to call me after reaching here
but he hasn't reached here, please try
Ok, let me try
dad... whose phone it was?
nothing dear, I am trying to call Adeel
I think there are signal issues, that's why the phone isn't connecting
whose phone isn't connecting, what are you saying?
nothing dear, one minute
what's the problem?
dad, what happened? At least tell me
dear, one second let me speak
hello!
Hello Hamza, both the phones are coming to be switched off
kindly check properly at the airport
uncle, I have checked everywhere. Adeel hasn't come here
oh dear, what shall I tell you?
You are present there & here I am..
what can I tell you by calling them?
do one thing, go check on the counter. Adeel's luggage was quite a lot
and you know his nature, maybe he is arguing over there
please try from your side, I am also looking here
Okay
what happened? Didn't Adeel reached to the airport?
so where is he?
dear, Hamza is looking for him but...
don't know
don't know?
sir, we have found some bags
Okay, check them. Maybe there are some documents
sir, I have found a passport
check, you might find some more documents. Check properly
tell me, what else is there
yes sir
ok?
sir, this is the ID card
Ok, check their address in it & inform at their area's police station
yes sir
don't know where my son has gone. We are unable to contact him, he isn't receiving the phone as well
try to find out, Mr. Ahmed
I kept saying that they shouldn't go, but nobody listens to me in this house
what if somebody had abducted them
that wretched girl took along full three suitcases!
somebody might have seen & followed them
have some God fear Farida, show some patience
let me go check, Hamza is already searching for them
and this useless...
yes yes, useless
whatever I say is useless. Do say whatever you want to say to me, but for God sake bring my son back
you have sent him, right?
you have!
I want my son back, bring back Adeel
bring him from anywhere. I am feeling anxious, why don't you get it?
Ok fine..
Mirha, dear keep calling your brother & do let me know if you will be able to contact him. Ok?
I am going
dad, let me come along with you
where will you guys go? From where you'll search?
call the police, they will bring him back
you know Mahi
that girl has been stubborn since day one, when I had told them not to go but..
she had to take Adeel with her
I will kill her if something happens to my son
ok , listen to me. We'll get to know about him, don't worry. Come sit
my heart is sinking Mahi, where is my son!
I know, the matter is worrisome but please don't do this
and mom, even you haven't seen a dream in real. You had lied to them
I mean, when you haven't seen any such dream the why it would have happened in real?
stop your non-sense. Go bring water for mom
don't you worry, we'll find him
We'll find Adeel
why he is not receiving the phone?
the battery must be dead!
the battery must be dead. Dad had gone to find him, you'll see he will bring him back
bring it quickly, Mirha!
tell me your son's name
Adeel Ahmed
Adeel Ahmed!
I guess...
hello?
hello?
how are you?
Adeel
what is your name?
Nurse, tell Dr. Abbas that the patient is gaining back her conscious
Adeel
tell me, how are you?
with whom you are here?
will you tell me?
didn't Zara called as of yet?
they must have reached by now, Zara should have called to inform us
sometimes the flights are delayed, there are many issues
don't worry, they'll come. God willing
don't know why I am feeling scared. My heart is feeling restless since evening
I hope that my children are safe
Let me make you speak to brother Ahmed, he might know that at what time Adeel & Zara will come
yes, talk to him. You may talk to him yourself and ask. Where they have reached as of yet & why they haven't informed us?
he isn't receiving the call
maybe he will call me back after seeing my missed call
try again in some time
just now I have called, Ok I will call again in some time
hello?
tell us
tell your name, please try
how are you?
Adeel?
See, please provide us the number of any of your family member so that we can inform them
any family member, friend or anyone else
Saad..
Saad?
note down Saad
03...
03...
oh God, its quite late night. And we don't have any information as of yet
Call your dad, ask him if he has any information
is it Adeel's phone? Make me speak to him immediately
its Manzoor uncle
Ok pick it up, be quick. Zara must have called him for sure
hello! Greetings uncle
yes?
No
their phones are switched off
did you talk to them?
what do you mean, they haven't reached or gone to the airport. What are you saying?
Okay, I will tell you if I get to know anything
yes, I will call you in a bit
Bye!
oh God, he didn't go to his in-laws house then where did he go?
oh God..
let me check
what happened?
what are they saying?
with whom you have talked?
why are you quiet?
actually Zara & Adeel had left their house but they haven't reached to the airport. Also they aren't in contact with anyone
they haven't reached to the airport, as of yet?
oh my God! they must have reached to their destination by now. Don't know where the children are!
I don't know
what do you mean that you know nothing. Go, try to find out
ask from someone
yes, let me see. Don't you worry
let me see, what can be done. In fact...
they haven't reached to the airport as of yet?
they should have reached there by now
let me check, one minute
where are you going?
hey Manzoor, at least tell me something
oh God!
yes yes, this is Adeel's house. He is my brother
what happened, is everything fine?
he is my son, we are worried sick since evening. Where is he?
please calm down & listen to me
isn't there any man in your house?
No no, there is no man in our house right now
please tell me where is my son right now. Is he fine, is he alright?
yes, he is fine but right now he is in the hospital. He had an accident
Accident! Where did it happen, & how?
is my son fine? Did he got hurt?
we know nothing much about it, we were asked to inform you people
maybe he is in JK Hospital
oh God, my son...
my heart was already so scared
ok come inside
oh God..
nothing will happen, we'll go there in a while
Greetings uncle!
Ok uncle, bye!
I was feeling anxious since evening
I told them to make me speak to her, but nobody did
oh sister, what happened? Control yourself
God will make things better, this is the time to pray
Saad, you are back. What about the tickets?
tickets will take time
I have hired a car, everyone will go together
Okay dear...
you aren't going, right?
No, I won't
yes, you shouldn't go as your mother stays unwell
oh my God...
have patience, sister
sister, have patience everything will be fine.
God willing
pray that she is fine
yes yes, everything will be fine
everything will be fine
mom, please don't cry