I will always keep you happy.
I won't let anyone do injustice to you again.
I am hundred percent sure
Well, I agree that Adeel is a very nice boy and he loves you so much.
But what will you say about his family?
They won't let you live happily. They will make your life hell.
Think about it. You will have to think about it right now.
Why? What happened? What has she done?
She has told her father that she can't wait anymore so fix my marriage.
Oh my God.
She said this to her real father
Don't take Zara's words seriously Mr. Manzoor. She is just a little girl and very emotional.
She said this out of emotions and pressure.
But what happened to you.
Why did you agree with her? Why didn't you advise her?
Why do you forget Sarwat?
Zara is not only our daughter, she is also his wife.
No, she is not.
Only their Nikah is done, they are not properly married yet.
So why are you giving that much right to him now.
This is so childish from you.
I am not talking childishly, you are doing that.
Their Nikah is done and they are husband and wife.
Adeel can take Zara with him whenever he wants.
And Zara also can go to his husband whenever she wants.
No matter whether wedding function is arranged or not.
This is neither illegal nor against our religious practices.
So tell Adeel
Tell him that if he will shift to Karachi only then we will send Zara with him.
Why are you staring at me like this?
Tell him.
If he needs Zara's companionship then he will have to shift to Karachi.
If he needs Zara?
We have already given Zara to him. She is his wife now.
OK, I will go to Hyderabad and talk to them.
Don't cry, just pray for her. God will make things better.
Adeel, dad is going to Hyderabad to fix our marriage.
So suddenly?
Zara tell me clearly, what is happening there.
Everyone is worried here and dad is going to Hyderabad to end this worry.
Is it possible that he wait for few days.
Let things get normal then we will discuss about it.
Dad has planned everything and he is about to leave.
OK don't worry, my duty is about to finish. I will handle everything at home.
Please message me once you reach home.
Good bye.
Good bye.
If you want to talk to me then call me.
Greetings, Zenny told us that you are about to leave for Hyderabad immediately.
Yes, I am leaving now.
Brother you should have told us, we would also go with you to discuss the matter with them.
He hasn't left yet, you can go with him now.
Saad is going with me, if I would need him then I would take him with me.
Saad is just a kid. He isn't taking me with him.
If there was any mishap then Adnan will help you.
Am I going to a war front for war.
Why don't you understand such a minor thing?
Brother is absolutely right.
God forbid, it's not a serious matter that he has to take so many people with him to resolve this issue.
Do you know..
Sister...
if God wills, everything will be alright. Don't worry.
Shaista you don't know that they talked to him very rudely on phone,
 God knows what will they do in one on one meeting.
That's why I want to go alone.
They are Zara's in-laws.
We don't fight with daughter's in-laws.
That is groom's family and they will always have an upper hand.
Will I have to tell you again?
OK brother you are right.
Please go with Saad and talk to them. Right?
Where is Saad, let me call him.
I think you are making this decision in a hurry.
And this can be wrong.
Saad, this matter is being discussed for a long time.
Dad took my opinion.
And I told him about my internal feelings.
And there is nothing wrong with it.
We shouldn't share each and every feeling of our heart with others.
Uncle has talked to Mahi.
Now we should have waited for their response.
And what do you think that Mahi mustn't have discussed with her parents.
No.
She won't discuss.
Even then you said that to uncle that you want to marry now.
Saad I am not in a hurry to get married.
I just share my opinion, marriage will be done when dad and my family will want.
 I am not in a hurry to get married.
This is not the case.
The point is that you can't see anything else other than Adeel.
But you won't understand.
You are saying this Saad?
I can't believe it.
OK, tell me one thing.
If I would get married to someone else except Adeel
 then what would be the guarantee that groom's family members must be nice.
We know Adeel and he cares for me. He is with me in every good and bad time.
Why don't you understand this Saad?
Hello.
Yes, I am coming. Good bye.
My friend has brought the car.
I am going.
Please call me as soon as you reach there.
What are you doing Mirha?
I am reading book. What happened?
Nothing.
Mom told me that when you got that accident, you were not alone, someone was with you.
Who was he?
I don't know him. I was just standing there
I got accident by his bike.
Don't lie.
Tell me the truth. Who was that boy?
I don't know, who was he? He was a bike rider.
He was riding his bike rashly and hit me.
OK, if you don't want to tell me then as you wish.
But your face is telling me that you are lying.
What do you think that I will believe on your story?
One more thing
One this is confirmed.
That boy is not just a bike rider Mirha.
Hey brother, how much will you give me for this?
It not worth more than seven or eight thousand.
You are mentioning seven / eight thousand for a phone which worth fifty thousand rupees. 
Don't do this dude.
Brother you can ask as much as you want because it is yours.
But it worth same what I told you because it neither has warranty nor it's box.
Brother at least raise the price to twenty five thousand since it's actual worth is fifty thousand.
Brother if I will buy this for twenty five thousand then in what price I will sell this phone? 
We have to do that.
At least raise price. You are stuck at your price.
OK tell me your final price.
At least twenty five or thirty thousand.
No, twenty five thousand is too much. 
Touch market if you get your desired price. I can only give you this much.
So you will take it in seven/eight thousand.
Yes.
OK
Let me do this.
No, leave it. I will do that.
Are you angry with me?
That doesn't make any difference to you Zara
It does make a difference Maheen. We are sisters.
Your anger matters to me.
I was advising you being your sister.
But now do what you want.
I won't say anything to you Zara.
I had already informed you that I can't stay late.
My guests are arriving so I have to go home.
But you didn't tell me earlier.
Everyone has received roasters in the morning.
If you had told me in the morning then I would have managed.
OK, tell me if you can manage anything now.
I am sorry doctor, it's not possible right now 
because new shift is about to start in twenty minutes time.
And I can't arrange anything so soon. I am sorry.
How is Mirha feeling now?
She is fine and feeling better now.
She is sleeping, meet her when she will awake.
When will brother Ahmed come back?
I don't know about his return.
No one informs me about his arrival and departure in this house.
No one gives me importance.
You have a special place in this house.
Didn't Adeel tell you that he won't be able to come tonight.
No I didn't talk to him.
It's so surprising because he tells you everything.
Didn't he inform you that he has to do double shift.
Saad you look uncomfortable to me.
If you are tired then take some rest. Let me show you your room
Yes, so kind of you. Show me the room.
Come with me. You come with me as well uncle.
OK.
Let's meet later.
Come.
Uncle, your phone.
You used to say that brother Manzoor is your dear brother and takes good care of you but
So what?
So what?
If he is your brother then I am his brother-in-law. Right?
I am his brother-in-law. Right?
Zenny is his daughter and Saad is future husband of his daughter.
So status of son-in-law and brother-in-law is equal. Right?
I was hundred percent sure.
That you will say such thing.
I am not saying this without any reason.
I am just telling you and opening your eyes. Be wise enough.
So let me unfold your wisdom.
I am not his real sister.
He is my distant relative.
It's his will, whom to take with him or not.
We shouldn't complain.
I am not complaining.
I am reminding you that you have no worth in that house and they don't give you any importance.
So don't favor your brother.
When brother Manzoor was leaving, maybe you have forgotten that what he said.
That you are habitual of exaggerating minor things.
That's why I am taking Saad with me.
I understood that he was pointing towards you.
But maybe you couldn't understand.
Towards me?
Yes.
If you are that much wise then you would have succeeded in your life.
Thank you my child.
No problem uncle. If you need any thing then please call me.
Well, I talked to you regarding marriage of Zara and Adeel.
Did you discuss with your parents?
Yes uncle you talked to me but
There is a difference between environments of our house and your house.
It is not considered good to talk to elders about such matters.
I am sorry if you mind but you shouldn't have discussed that with me.
My child, I just told you that you can convey that to your parents.
And you are elder than Adeel.
Yes I am elder than him.
But I am not elder than my parents.
That I tell them about my decision.
Rather not only me, if Adeel will say this to mom then she will feel awkward.
Are you getting my point?
I don't know why Zara is calling him so much. He told me that Zara called him yesterday.
She told him that if I can talk to my parents despite being a girl then why can't you talk to your parents being a boy?
I don't know why is she in such a hurry?
Anyways, don't worry.
I will teach everything to Zara when she will come here.
About norms of this house.
Don't worry. Take rest. I am cooking food for you.
Let's discuss about marriage. Right? So, tell me brother.
What is your daughter's order?
Which date has been fixed by her for her marriage?
What nonsense Farida?
What kind of discussion is this?
What did Saad tell you about his stay there?
Brother Saad told me that he will be back in a day or two.
But I think it will take some more days.
What is happening in your in-laws house?
That he had to go so suddenly?
I don't know mom, brother was in so much hurry.
He and uncle Manzoor have gone there to see Mirha.
But she got accident two days ago.
Yes. Mom, I think there is something else.
Maybe
Maybe they want to fix Zara's marriage.
Maybe. I think so.
Anyways
Saad will tell us when he will come back.
Do I serve dinner for you?
What have you cooked?
I have cooked potato with meat.
OK
I will eat a bit later.
There is a difference between environments of your house and our house.
In our house it is not considered good to discuss such matters with elders.
I am sorry if you mind but you shouldn't have discussed that with me.
I don't know why Zara is continuously calling Adeel? He told me that she called him yesterday.
She told him that if I can talk to my parents despite being a girl then why can't you talk to your parents being a boy?
I don't know why is she in such a hurry?
Now you want update. Be patient.
We will fix your marriage.
Saad stop this nonsense.
Tell me about your travel. Didn't you get any problem. Is dad alright?
Oh really? So are you still concerned about your dad.
Ask about me, I have also traveled.
You are a superman. So you must be alright.
By the way, where is dad. I am calling him but he isn't receiving my call.
He must be taking rest in other room
Have you eaten food?
We ate food on the way.
It is said that we shouldn't eat in our daughter's in-laws' house.
What's the matter? You look so happy.
Won't you tell your friend?
Oh, so I tell you everything.
I will charge rupees 550 separately for this spy work. I am telling you upfront.
Hey Saad you are so mean. Tell me about Mirha. Is she feeling better now?
Yes she is feeling better now.
She was asking about you. She thought that you will come with us.
Saad, don't divert the topic.
Tell me the truth.
Who told you that I am lying to you?
When you don't want to tell the real thing then you divert the topic. 
Now tell me the truth.
OK, if that is the case then the truth is I am going to get fresh. I am very tired.
Saad listen.
No, I won't listen.
Aren't you my friend?
No.
Aren't you my best friend.
No, I don't know you.
Then go to hell.
Well I am in there.
Now where do I go?
Saad listen to me.
Bye, we will talk later.
Saad.
He is a very rude boy.
I don't know what is going on there?
Brother Manzoor, I was waiting for you to awake
If I remember correctly then It's been more than a year since we last met with each other.
Yes you are right.
When we used to live in same city earlier then we met with each other but now
But there is so much distance between Hyderabad and Karachi that we can't do anything.
There is no such thing brother.
If someone wants to meet then he finds a way to meet.
Rather meeting itself is a way to meet with each other.
Yes you are absolutely right.
Meeting doesn't need any excuse.
Excuses are needed if we don't want to meet.
Just like we wanted to meet Mirha then you told us that she is sleeping.
And when uncle wanted to meet us then you told him that we are sleeping.
What are you trying to say?
Was mom making excuses to stop you meeting with her. Was she lying?
What are you talking about? Let them take tea after that they will sit with Mirha
Anyway
It's not that important for them to know about Mirha's condition, 
let's talk about that matter for which Zara has sent them here.
Let's discuss about marriage. Right?
So tell me brother.
What is your daughter's order?
Which date has been fixed by her for her marriage?
What's this nonsense Farida?
What kind of discussion is this?
I am not telling you any lie.
He is sitting in front of you, ask him the reason of his visit. 
Have you come here to fix the date. Right?
Well.
Take your mother from here immediately.
Why? Why do I go from here?
Will my son's marriage discussion be done without me?
It's enough. They have made all plans behind my back.
Now what do you want to discuss, discuss in front of me.
Farida, if you will say a single word then no one will be worse than me.
Dad, what happened to you?
Even you are scolding mom.
Mom's objection is absolutely right. Adeel is mom's son.
Will Zara decide everything on her own?
Hold on.
What's wrong if Zara talked about her marriage?
And aunt tell me, didn't Adeel talk about his marriage ever.
Ask me, I am also a boy.
I also talk about my marriage even in a jolly mood.
If boys can talk about their marriage then why can't girls do that?
This is not a big thing that you are reacting like this.
It's not a big thing for you but it's a very big thing for my mother.
And tell me one thing, it's a matter among both our families.
So I don't want any third person interfere in this matter.
My son, don't interfere.
Go to your room.
No, no one will go anywhere.
I am the bad person.
I am going. All of you sit and finalize all matters.
But also finalize this thing that will you invite mother of groom in his wedding or not.
I am afraid that the way father has arrived here to fix his daughter's marriage on her wish
Someday she can come here as well.
She is so impatient to get married. She has no shame and dignity. 
Finalize everything among yourselves.
Brother Manzoor, I apologize on her behalf.
She says without thinking.
No problem brother.
It's alright.
Zara please sit down. Why are you so anxious?
I don't know why my heart is pounding.
Have you talked to Saad?
Have you talked to him?
Yes.
I talked to him. He said that they are coming back.
So quickly. They reached there in the evening.
Zenny, has something happened there?
Yes, he told me that they are on the way and they must be arriving here soon.
But why didn't Saad tell me? Why isn't he receiving my calls? I am calling him continuously.
By the way, didn't you talked to brother Adeel?
What happened?
Have you discussed with brother Adeel?
He is not at home. He is in hospital.
It's OK. Don't cry like this.
Let them come.
Then we will know the real story.
Hopefully, nothing bad must have happened.
But why are dad and Saad coming back?
And why didn't Saad tell me anything?
Something has happened there Zenny.
Please Zara, control yourself.
If God wills, nothing bad must have happened there. Don't worry.
Please stop crying.
Everything will be alright.
You should tell me about my worth in this house.
Do you even consider me as a human
I have only one son.
And if you will throw me away like a garbage in his marriage
Then what else can I do except to get angry.
Am I a stone or a plastic thing?
Where are you going?
Tell me about your discussion with them.
What promise have you made to them?
Mrs. Farida.
It would be better for you to shut your mouth.
Otherwise if I will have to chose between you and my son's happiness then that will not be a difficult one for me.
What? What are you saying?
Are you listening Mahi?
Ask him, what has he said?
I have been tolerating with your rudeness since last thirty two years.
And if I have said anything to you for the first time then don't take my words lightly.
Take me very seriously.
Adeel is my son.
And I will have to build his house for his happiness by demolishing this house
Then I won't think even once.
Do you understand?
Greetings dad.
Saad, what's the matter?
Why isn't dad saying anything? What was discussed there?
Go in.
Why? Why are you so quiet? What happened there?
Go in.
Saad tell me what happened there, why is dad so quiet?
I will tell you
What happened Mr. Manzoor. Tell us.
Is everything alright?
Dad, please take rest.
We will talk to him in the morning.
Dad, are you alright?
Are you feeling alright? Where is Saad?
He is there.
Why are you tormenting yourself. Tell us as well. We will share your burden.
Saad.
Why aren't you saying anything? What happened there?
Has something happened there
Saad why are you doing this? Dad is also very quiet.
The way dad looked at me, that is not normal.
Your behavior is not normal as well.
Your relation with Adeel is not normal, your in-laws are not normal and nothing is normal.
But there is no point in making you understand.
Saad.
Look at this. Just leave me.
I have nothing to tell you.
Saad.
Tell us what happened. Even dad isn't telling us anything.
Didn't uncle and aunt say something?
Didn't Mahi misbehaved with you?
Why aren't you telling us anything? You have come back early as well.
Saad, come quickly, dad is not feeling well. We have to take him to hospital right now.
What happened to dad?
I don't know.
Maheen, what happened to dad?
Pray to God that nothing may happen to dad 
because if anything happens to him then I won't spare you.
Did you see, how did he give me threat of divorce?
Did you ever see or listen in your life that any father-in-law may have divorced his wife because of his daughter-in-law.
I didn't hear about daughter-in-law
 but I have seen so many divorces because of sisters.
What do you mean by that?
I mean
That do you think that dad have threatened you because of his daughter-in-law?
What happened to you? Don't you know?
Dad can do anything to become nice in front of his sister and he can go to any extent.
And I can tell you with certainty
 that if Zara wasn't his niece then dad would have never said that to you.
Then go to hell both his sister and niece.
What do you think that I will sit quietly?
I won't sit quietly.
What does he think that he will scare me and I will be scared?
He has threatened me. Right?
Now see what I will do.
Zara can't come to this house without my consent.
You are talking foolishly mom. 
What do you think that you will argue with dad and he will agree with you?
They are very strong.
And dad has already told you about his decision.
It's OK then.
OK, let Adeel tell me about his decision.
Call him, let me ask him about his decision.
What's wrong with you?
There is no point in discussing this matter with Adeel.
Rather it's useless to discuss this matter with anyone.
Why don't you understand that you were not part of this game since beginning.
When your consent was not there in that proposal.
So how will your consent matter in marriage.
So it's useless to argue on this matter.
So what should I do? Should I keep quiet and watch everything.
I can't do that. I won't accept defeat.
Who is asking you to sit quietly and watch everything.
But you can make a fuss by sitting quietly. Right
You are out of this game now so enter this game again.
But you will enter this game when Zara will come to this house.
It would be good if you understand.
Your anger will only hurt you not anyone else.
Are you getting my point?
Anyways, I am going to sleep. I am very tired. Wake me up after a while.