I don't know what he was thinking. The poor had to call and ask us to bring breakfast.
Ever since I heard I was restless.
I wanted to see what was so special about the girl you had brought for your doctor son.
Leave it be. Boys nowadays don't listen to the choice of their mothers.
I agreed with him because he has to spend his life with her.
That means that you're not happy with your son's marriage.
What difference does it make?
My son is happy and so is his father.
All we mothers are responsible for is to raise our children.
Anyways, it makes no difference to me.
To tell you the truth, it feels as though my heart has died.
Mother is being emotional for no reason, it's not like that.
Zara is my aunt's daughter.
My granny fixed Zara and Adeel's marriage when they were kids.
Nothing was settled in their childhood.
Her granny didn't care about anyone but herself, not even her children.
Then why would she think about her grandchildren?
What? Why are you staring at me?
I can't lie, I'll speak whatever that is in my heart.
I'll be clear and honest.
I understand. Who could know her better than me?
Sister, don't worry. Love nowadays are made in China.
There is strength or guarantee.
Even if it works it will only for six months, otherwise I swear to God...
Soon love like this will be sold for cheap.
Call your daughter-in-law.
Let me check how long you'll have to tolerate her.
Sure...
Go and bring Zara.
Tell her to sit here.
The guests will be arriving all day today, how many time will we have to fetch her?
Sister, don't make the mistake of introducing her to everyone.
You don't know with what intention the people will be visiting your house.
I'll call her.
Should I come as well sister?
There is no need for you to go. Didn't you hear what you auntie just said?
Mother, I was talking to Meha.
Sure go ahead.
Bring her here quickly.
I'm sure you must have heard that I had my brother divorced.
I'm at peace now. I'll bring the girl of my choice now.
Don't worry. First let her arrive here.
I'll check her out. I can read people's forehead now.
Really... how can you do that?
This is an education that you have to get.
Come here, let me read yours.
Sure, take a look.
By God's good grace it's filled with blessings. No need to worry...
In a few days you'll be rid of her.
If God is willing.
Forget about that, tell me what else is written.
I can't just read everything in one go.
it takes some time, & let your daughter-in-law come then I will tell you what will happen
Soon you'll get rid of her, don't worry
ok, oh Mahi bring Zara. why are you taking so long? They are calling her & they have been waiting for her
Girls nowadays spend too much time getting ready.
Zara people are outside to meet you, come meet them.
Sure... let's go.
Will you go like this?
What will they say? Let me help you get ready.
I am ready.
Do you call this ready?
You're married now. Only a single day has passed since your marriage.
Let me help you get ready.
Ready yourself, I'll be shortly.
Shall I say something? It will seem weird to you but...
you didn't seem like a bride,
it didn't look like you were getting married.
When I help you get ready you'll look beautiful.
Come on... people are waiting.
I didn't know he was joking. I opened the door and...
they came inside.
Wait a minute.
Are you saying that Aqib asked you to come to the door?
And when you opened the door he said that he was joking?
Yes, but before I could close the door they came inside.
Meha... you're not that naive.
Don't you think something fishy is going around here?
What do you mean?
Maybe Aqib came to the door.
He wasn't there, if he was he wouldn't have left without meeting me.
What if he just came to have the door opened?
Are you suspecting Aqib?
Sadaf, you're suspecting Aqib, are you insane?
You should too.
He's not your childhood friend, nor is he a relative.
Don't put so much trust in him. You've not known him for much time.
He's been with me for two years.
Two years is a lot of time to know someone.
Even two years is not that much.
Especially a person who knows how to lie.
Don't you remember the lies you caught in the beginning?
You were the one who told me.
And I also told you that he had certain complexes.
Sadaf he was afraid that I would leave him.
But when I've made him realize that all of this doesn't matter to me...
he hasn't lied to me since.
You're being foolish Meha, please open your eyes.
I know that Aqib was involved in this theft with those men.
Sadaf you've been against him since the start.
Quite frankly your opinion doesn't matter.
Alright fine then. I will not be carrying any of your messages again.
If I meet him, I'll let him know that I haven't been seeing you.
Sadaf, will you do that to me? You could at least carry my message.
I will not... if you want to ruin yourself then ruin yourself
But I will take no part in it.
Sadaf don't do this to me.
You know that I can't meet him and that it's very hard for me
Sadaf I'm your friend, will you do this to me?
Please... you over think for no reason.
Listen to me.
Sadaf!
My God... look how beautiful you look!
So much makeup... I don't look good at all.
What are you saying? You look lovely... are you among those girls...
who are never satisfied with how beautiful they are.
You look very pretty.
This is too much make-up. I never apply so much make-up
What are you trying to say that I ruined your makeup for no reason?
So that people make fun of you.
I'm not saying that, I'm just saying that this is too much make-up
And you can't, because you look beautiful.
People are waiting outside. They came here especially to meet you.
Come on, after that you can wash it off.
You don't apply make-up like this to yourself.
Zara you're my sister-in-law and I'm not an enemy that would ruin your face.
I'll tell mother that you don't want to meet anyone.
I didn't say that, I just...
think that the make-up is too much.
You didn't say it, but that's what you mean. Do you think I'm a kid?
Look... we are from a small city, with little pieces of happiness.
Come meet them and then you can do whatever you want.
Hmm... now come outside...
You look very beautiful.
I think that your daughter-in-law is sleeping. I've been waiting for half an hour.
It's a long way from Karachi to Hyderabad, I'm sure she must be tired.
We'll meet her later.
Girls nowadays are very strange.
I swear... when it came to us back in the day..
we use to rise before our elders did.
We didn't like coming out from closed doors.
It was considered rude. But the times today...
that guests keep arriving and the bride rests in her room.
Fareeda why don't you make your daughter-in-law understand?
Teach her something, after all you are her elder.
How can I make her understand?
All I can do is tolerate. I'll do as much as I can.
What else... in our times we were petrified of our mothers-in-law.
But nowadays, mothers-in-law has lost...
their fear.
There she is.
Greetings*
Come sit with me.
Fareeda... she has no match with your son.
Your son is a handsome doctor and she has no match with him.
What can we do? She's all we have now.
Our son has chosen her.
My dear, don't take it the wrong way, wash your face...
We are unable to see your face with the kilos of make-up you've applied
Did you apply the make-up yourself?
Auntie, what's wrong with you?
You're insulting her. Zara you can go upstairs.
Fareeda... I came here to see your daughter-in-law.
I wanted to see what kind of girl you had brought home.
Remember what you said when you saw my daughter-in-law with the wheatish complexion?
You said that she could be compared to a cast iron pan.
Do you see your daughter-in-law? What can I say about her now?
What is it said about people who are over smart?
Alright fine. Let's forget for a moment about what they did to father.
But why don't you understand that they won't keep you happy.
Adeel might be with you today, but what will you do if he takes his family's side?
You didn't tell me... what was he saying?
Nothing special, he invited me to go with them to Zara's in-laws.
I couldn't have left you here.
Did you complain to him?
Mother, why would I do? Besides he didn't time, he was running late.
Look my dear, if you talk to him about Maheen's behavior...
then he will not like it.
Ali should think about it. I could feel bad just the same. Am I not human?
I have to get married in to his home and adjust with his family.
I don't like what sister Maheen says. If I don't share it with Ali, who else then?
That's fine, but the truth is that men and women can't be equal.
He will be your husband soon.
Will I not become his wife soon?
What are you trying to say? Than women have no respect?
Forget it... don't worry about it. Focus on your health.
Don't worry about me my dear. I only have minor blood pressure.
Take his mug with you.
Mother... everything's fine.
Don't worry about me and Ali, just take care of yourself.
How are you?
Mother!
Mother...
Come... look who it is...
Greeting*How are you my dear.
I'm well.
Come Salma... come.
Where's Zara?
In her room, where else.
Okay... come on.
Zara.....
Zara, what's the matter?
Sit down. What happened? Why are you crying?
What will crying achieve? What happened?
Tell us what happened? Why are you crying? Everything alright?
You were right. I've made a grave mistake.
I've made the wrong decision.
What happened? Did someone say something to you?
Tell us what happened? What did they say to you?
You told me that I should talk to Adeel about shifting to Karachi.
You were right.
I didn't think that Hyderabad was so far away from Karachi.
You're lying... the truth is something else. Tell us, what's the matter?
Why would I lie?
I talked to Adeel about this as well. I've never stayed outside of home...
You mentioned bringing breakfast.
Why did you say that?
I'm sure you know the distance between Hyderabad and Karachi.
But this is a ceremony, that's why I mentioned it.
Zara... have you learned in one night to perform these ceremonies?
These cruel ceremonies have been going on for years and you want to perform them? You can...
when you get tired, let us know.
It's nothing like that. I was missing you two, that why I was crying.
One more thing... do you know what Adeel gave me as a wedding present. A gold bracelet.
Congratulations... but I'm not happy
Because before seeing your wedding present, I've seen you crying face.
Who else is out there?
Is Saad here?
Everyone is out there. Come on Zaini.
Improve your mood. Freshen up, everyone is waiting.
Mother... I'm telling you that she is worried.
She didn't tell me when I asked.
Ask her please.
She would have told you if there was something.
You have always been skeptical against your sister and Maheen.
Did you take out all the food from the car Maheen?
Yes I did.
We were so late sleeping at night that in the morning...
we were so tired, that's why we were late in arriving. For that I apologize.
That's what I was saying...
That's what I was saying Sarwat...
that you didn't need to go through all this trouble.
There was no need to cook lunch and bring it here from so far away.
We needed to do this.
Whether you cook or we do, it's the same thing.
That is so kind for you to say.
Besides...
These breakfast ceremonies have grown old.
These ceremonies were conducted when we were young.
The time has changed... do you remember Sarwat...
when breakfast arrived late from my home. My mother-in-law...
may God forgive her sins... your mother...
God help me... she was so upset... she said so much.
Mother, forget about this. There are no ceremonies nowadays.
I was just saying it.
Where is Adeel? Call him.
He's out somewhere. I'll call him and be right back.
Is she coming?
There she is...
Why are you doing this?
Adnan... when will you change your ways?
Don't meddle in the affairs of women
All of them have left home, who is left to cook then?
So that's why they didn't take you along, so that you may do housework.
It's not like that, they didn't leave me, I chose not to go.
What difference does it make if I make it? Why are you objecting?
I'm not asking for your help.
Don't be like this.
Forget it. Let's go outside and watch a movie.
We'll go some other day, I'm busy right now.
Alright fine, we'll go some other day. As you wish.
Do one thing.
What is it?
The switch in the middle is not running any water. Please fix it.
As you wish. I'll fix it right away.
Is it the one on the bottom?
Yes.
He's so strange.
Brother, who are you calling?
Oh... you're missing Dolly right?
No, I was calling a friend.
Don't lie. I can see Dolly's number on your face.
What can I do? I've been calling her for a while, she's not picking up.
It is possible that she's with auntie.
She told you auntie was feeling well, that's why she didn't come.
Yes, you're right. Maybe that's why she isn't picking up.
Don't worry, she'll call back when she's free.
Please come inside, it doesn't look nice you standing here like this.
Auntie Fareeda and Maheen will get a chance to talk. Come on
Alright, go ahead. I'll be right there.
Hurry up.
My God!
I was starving. She brought biryani from your favorite shop.
It's fresh.
She bought everything.
Sarwat never liked cooking. Her daughters are the same.
I didn't mean it that way.
I was saying... it's good that they bought the biryani from here.
If they had brought it from there it would have been ruined by now.
To hell with it. Whatever she brought was for her daughter.
Should I bring something for you? You didn't eat anything.
I am hungry.
Please bring me something to eat. Bring a kebab as well. Just one.
Sure.
Hurry up.
Are you happy?
Hmm.. very much so.
Should I believe this?
What's there to lie about?
God forbid it's a lie.
Why are you so sad?
I'm at my in-laws, not to fight a war. What is the matter?
It seems that he's here to meet his friend. He hasn't even talked to me.
It's nothing like that. You were sitting with everyone else so...
I'm here now
Tell me the truth.
What has Zara complained about me?
She never complains and she would never complain about you.
Really... why am I so special?
I'm sure she will never get the chance.
She's lucky to have a husband like you.
Nowadays one can only find husbands like you in dramas.
You are no less dramatic.
Your wedding present came in handy.
Really... then prepare yourself for a loss as well.
What loss?
Look at that!
We want some money for your shoes!
Who do these shoes belong to?
Look at it carefully, these are your shoes. 
Now you need to pay to get these shoes back. You saved yourself yesterday.
Zara, what ritual is this? 
I won't be participating in it.
This is between you and your sister-in-law. Keep me out of this.
Stop being dramatic and give me the money.
Alright fine... if this is how it goes, what can I do?
Here you are... is this enough?
What is this? I'm not giving you your shoes back.
How much more do you want?
Why don't you say something?
It's not that much.
Alright fine.... what can I do?
Don't count, just give me the entire bunch.
Thank you... here are your shoes.
These shoes have become very expensive to me now.
Saad... do you want your share or at home?
I'll take it from you at home.
Thank you...
What should I do about these?
Give them to me, I'll take them away.
So tell me, how was the travel? I was tired.
Brother, I wanted to ask you to send Zara with us for a few days.
Our home is become silent without her.
What are you saying Sarwat?
She's been here only one day.
Sarwat, I understand what you're feeling.
For parents it's hard to be away from their children.
But I will ask Adeel to take Zara to Karachi to visit you.
Right now, I think that Zara should stay here.
You're already aware of Fareeda, she won't like it.
Alright... as you wish.
Mr. Manzoor...
Adeel and I are here to take care of her.
You're saying that right now uncle...
what about when you and Adeel will have to go back to work? 
Who will take care of Zara then?
Maheen... your elders are speaking.
Maheen, your her sister that's why you're worried for her.
Adeel and I are here, there's no need for you to worry.
Go... bring the red bag from the car.
Ali help her.
Sure mother, I'll be right back with it.
Where's sister and Maheen?
I'm sure she's Mirhal's room, getting her ready.
Why don't you rest for a while as well?
Sure.. go ahead and rest for a while.
What are you thinking? This is your brother's home, go.
Sure.
Manzoor, tell me...
when do you intend on marrying Zaini and Ali?
I haven't given it much thought.
But God willing, I hope we are able to do it soon.
That would be appropriate.
Besides, time passes by quickly. Daughters especially grow up fast.
Indeed.
Maheen, did you talk about the dowry.
I'm reminding you not to say anything like that. Please!
We have to send them off happily, understand?
What's the matter?
 It's not like I'm asking them to turn their property over to my name.
You're always on my case. Whatever they give will be to their daughter.
They won't be giving it to me. 
I just asked. What will I say to the people when they ask me?
Tell those people that we had a simple marriage.
Why don't you understand? Even if we get the dowry, what will we gain from it?
Why do you want to lose this opportunity?
If Zara brings something then she'll walk with pride.
And if she doesn't she'll remain insecure.
You're right. All of them are like their mother.
Sarwat also spent her life enforcing her will on her in-laws based on the things your father gave her.
That's what I'm saying. If they talk to you about it...
you have to refuse taking a dowry. You don't have to take anything.
Girls bring dowry, but then impose themselves on their in-laws because of it. 
We don't want none of that.
You are so sharp. You truly are something else.
If you had used that brain to study I would have had two doctors.
I took psychology, so what I didn't pass?
What did I lose? I can read people's brain and still play with them.
There's no doubt about it.
Maheen... come here.
Yes mother.
Look...
I brought all these clothes, which one should I give sister-in-law.
 I kept them all inside and thought that I would decide when we reach here.
Tell me.
Mother, can't you see how Zara is?
She's worried, she's no happy. 
There's a problem with her.
God forbid.
What's with you? She just got married and now you're saying she's not happy.
Mother, I'm telling you, she's not happy.
She's not telling me when I asked. Please ask her.
She would have told you if there was something. 
It's nothing, that's why she didn't tell you anything.
You've always been skeptical of sister-in-law and Maheen.
And... control your tongue. 
I don't want you to speak like that with your uncle again.
We've come here for a short while, let it pass joyously.
Didn't you see how happy everyone is? 
Can't you see Mahi taking care of her.
I'm sure Adeel made her understand.
If something happen Adeel is here, he'll take care of it. What's your problem?
Come here and tell me.
Show me.
Give this auntie, this to Mahi.. and this to Mirha.
All of these are for the men. Give whatever you want to whomever you want.
You've been born in my home by mistake. 
You should have been born in sister Fareeda's home.