Why have you come here? 
You are following me, right?
Mirha, I want to discuss something very important with you.
I don't want to listen to you.
If you come even one step further then I will make noise.
You beat me and Zara also tried to beat me.
And look what did I do.
Your engagement was broken.
And Zara's connection to this house also broke.
It is called
killing two birds with one stone
I took my revenge.
Listen to me.
Leave me.
Your tea.
give me
Where is sister Sarwat?
Maheen has taken her to her room.
She is not feeling well.
Oh I see.
Let me meet her.
I think we should leave now, it's been very late.
Go and tell Saad that we should go home. It's very late.
Take tea, I will ask Saad.
OK.
Dad.
Yes my child.
University is giving us an opportunity to go abroad for studies on scholarship.
And I want to apply for this scholarship.
Are you in your senses?
We have only given you permission to go to university but now you want to take undue advantage of this.
What's wrong with you Fareeda? I am talking to her.
My child tell me that you will go there but how will you be able to manage your expenses there?
Dad university will sponsor so many students for that.
They will manage accommodation and food expenses by themselves.
Dad
Brother Adeel used to say that we get golden chances in our life only once.
And we should grab those whenever we get them.
Dad I don't want to live here, I want to go abroad for studies.
It's enough.
We have listened your opinion.
Why are you quiet now?
Ask your daughter that what happened to her that she doesn't want to live here.
Why does she want to go abroad by leaving her parents.
Fareeda
What happened to you?
Why do you become so suspicious so quickly about your daughters?
Dad there is no reason behind this.
I just want to go abroad for studies.
Everything has changed here after brother Adeel's demise.
I miss him so much.
And
And I can't focus on my studies because of that.
So it means
You want to get escape from here.
My child, me and your mother are also living here in the same circumstances.
And we don't have anyone except you and Mahi.
But dad I will also make arrangements for your settlement there.
All of us can get out of here.
Madam
Going abroad is not a joke, do you understand?
Go to your university quietly otherwise I will forbid you to go there.
Huh, she wants to go abroad.
I won't go anywhere.
My son has died in this house.
My dead body will also go for funeral from this house.
Rather, no one will go anywhere.
This is my final decision. Do you understand?
Dad
Listen
Let's think about it.
I made a mistake to identify your real face Fahad.
What I had thought about you but you turned out to be completely opposite.
Mirha was right.
You are not a good person but I didn't listen to my own sister.
I trusted you.
You not only broke my trust but also caused damaged to my whole body.
The mistake I made by trusting you, I won't make that same mistake again.
I will never forgive you.
And I will never see your face again.
I hate you.
Hate.
Please eat something. Why aren't you eating?
Why are you doing this to yourself?
He hasn't eaten yet?
No mom.
Why Adnan?
I can't eat sister.
The person who always cooked food for me and with her I always used to eat.
She has left me so how can I eat.
We were eating food.
I don't know why did she went downstairs and all of that happened.
I wish I wouldn't have let her go downstairs then all of that wouldn't happen.
You will have to be patient Adnan.
You will have to take care of yourself.
How can I do that?
The person who used to take care of me has left.
Now how can I compose myself and how can I live?
I am thankful to you and brother that you allowed me to live in your house for such a long time.
But I was living in this house only because of Shaista because she was your relative.
After her demise, I have no relation with this house.
What are you talking about?
You are not alone. We are with you. We are your family.
The person who was related to you has left so how can I live here. 
I should leave this house.
Rather, I should leave right now.
Uncle Adnan, what are you talking about?
This is not possible. Sit down.
Please sit, we will discuss.
Please sit.
Sit down Adnan.
What are you doing Adnan? Have some courage.
Maybe she was destined to live that much.
She was not only dear to you, she was also dear to us.
You are not alone in this pain, all of us are with you in this difficult time.
We are showing courage.
You will have to do the same.
Sister, I am unable to understand that how do I compose myself
I am unable to understand anything.
You are not alone.
We are with you.
Who dares to ask you to leave this house.
You are like a younger brother to me.
I warn you Adnan if you again talked about leaving this house.
Promise me that you won't say this again.
OK sister, as you wish.
Give him something to eat.
What was Zenny saying?
I forgot, she asked me to bring something for her.
But you didn't buy anything for her.
I asked her but she didn't tell me.
So what do I buy for her?
If she won't tell you anything then won't you buy anything for her?
But what's the problem in telling me?
You also tell me when you need anything.
All my paths go towards you Zenny. 
You are my destination.
My life is enlightened only because of your smile.
Never reduce your love for me.
Saad.
Yes.
I want to talk to you.
Go ahead.
Leave me.
Marry Zenny.
What are you talking about? Are you in your senses?
I am right Saad.
I have heard everything.
I know that you love Zenny.
And Zenny also love you.
You and Zenny are made for each other.
Whatever has happened is only because of me.
Leave me.
I can't bear all of this.
When I see you with Zenny then do you have any idea that how sad I feel that all of this has happened because of me 
and both of you have been separated because of me.
Zara, there is nothing like that.
What are you thinking?
So now you will lie in front of me Saad.
Tell me the truth.
Don't you love Zenny?
Zara, Zenny was my past.
And you are my present.
And you know that I can't even think about any other girl except you.
I am in relationship..
It's OK Saad
OK
Let me leave you. 
I will file separation case.
Then there will be no problem and everything will be fixed.
Zara, what happened to you.
What happened?
Saad
You and Zenny have been separated because of me
Now I will make your reunion as well.
Are both you sisters are mad? Hmm?
Sometime one sister asks me leave her and other day other sister asks me to leave her.
What do you want?
Saad
It's enough.
It's Dolly's call.
What's up Dolly.
What?
What happened to dad?
I am coming. Yes I am coming.
What happened?
Saad, dad is not feeling well. Let's go.
OK. I told her.
What are you doing here?
I was calling.
To whom?
I was informing Zara.
To Zara.
Why have you called Zara? You know that dad is not feeling well.
How can you make such a fooling act Dolly?
Brother, don't say anything to Dolly.
I asked her to call Zara.
You insisted her.
Brother actually
Dad's condition is not good.
He is calling Zara's name all night long.
I can't see him in this condition.
And tell me brother that how can I stop her by coming to this house.
This house also belongs to her.
Zenny you have complete right to stop her.
But this is not right to separate a daughter from her father.
Zenny you are forgetting that what both of them have done to you.
I remember everything brother.
But what is the fault of dad in this.
Zenny I will be proud on your thoughts.
You have grown up and become so sensible, I didn't even realize.
Let's go to dad.
OK, you go, I am coming.
The lady you are asking about, her name was Jamila.
Yes, Jamila.
She has disappeared from here.
So many people are asking about her since last few days.
I think she has done some fraud.
Mahi how are you? I am very concerned for you.
Can we talk?
I am thinking about you again and again.
Please discuss with me about any problem.
For God sake, don't call me and send me messages again and again.
I don't want to talk to you. Please leave me alone.
For God sake, don't call me and send me messages again and again.
I don't want to talk to you. Please leave me alone.
Hi Mr. Hamdani, I want to discuss something important with you.
Give me one paratha.
Thank you.
What's the matter my child? Why aren't you eating breakfast?
If you don't want to eat anything then just drink juice.
Mirha
Mahi
What happened? Why are sitting so quietly?
Nothing.
Something is there.
I am observing you.
You are in some sort of thoughts these days. Hmm?
You neither eat nor drink anything and don't talk to anyone.
Nothing mom, I don't want to talk to anyone.
But why?
Look, I am your mother.
You can hide nothing from me.
And I feel that you are hiding something really big from me.
Nothing mom, if there was anything then I would have told you first.
OK, if there is nothing like that then go and get fresh.
I don't want to see this sad face of yours, you are looking bad in this mood.
OK, I will do that.
Well, do you know about Mirha's request.
I think I should stop her from going to university.
Why?
Oh so you don't know anything.
She is thinking about going abroad.
She was requesting his dad that she wants to go abroad for studies.
Is this the right thing?
Has any girl gone abroad in our family till date.
I have decided that if she again discussed this topic
Then don't call me as Fareeda if won't break her legs.
Let her go mom, what's the problem?
Don't stop her.
What?
You are saying this?
What are you talking about? How can I let her go?
She is talking about going abroad.
And you are asking me to let her go. What happened to you?
I don't want Mirha to become another Mahi.
What?
What happened to you?
What's wrong with you? Why are you saying this?
What do I have mom? I haven't do anything till date.
I didn't get anything except spreading hate and getting hate from others.
Let her go.
Do you know that I don't have any strength to face any defeat.
Mahi what happened, tell me.
Why are you thinking such bad things about yourself.
You used to praise yourself.
But you are behaving oppositely. Tell me, what happened?
My heart will sink Mahi.
I don't know what are you talking about.
What's the matter?
This incident has made me realized
That I always chose wrong path in my foolishness.
But I didn't get anything in reward.
Except humiliation and insult.
I am asking about that, why aren't you telling me that what happened?
Nothing has happened to me.
But I have realized that I always chose wrong path in my foolishness.
But Mirha is choosing the right path.
She knows that what does she want from her life and dad has no objection with her so let her go.
Don't stop her.
She will become confident when she will go abroad.
She won't become a coward like me.
No.
My daughter is not a coward.
I don't know what happened to you.
Why are you saying such bad things about yourself.
You used to praise yourself but now you are saying such things.
 At least tell me what happened.
Why are you saying such things?
Because I was not sensible enough earlier.
But now, I have understood.
But today I have realized that we shouldn't be that much selfish and self-centered.
OK stop.
Don't give me any lecture. OK.
I know what to do.
It's my final decision now that Mirha won't go abroad.
You have already lost your son because of your stubbornness.
Don't do it again for your daughter.
How are you feeling now dad?
Please forgive me dad.
If you feel that I am culprit then I accept your blame dad.
Don't hate me dad.
I can't live with your hate.
You can give me whatever punishment you want.
I will accept any of your punishment whole heartedly but please don't get angry with me.
Please forgive me dad.
I can't live without you.
Please forgive me dad.
Please forgive me dad.
I will do what you will ask me to do.
Please forgive me once.
Get well dad.
Please forgive me.
Why is Jamila's phone inaccessible?
It's been so long, she didn't talk to me.
She knows that I am all alone after Shaista's demise.
Maybe she is in some trouble.
That's why she didn't call me.
My son, my life.
Do you also think that my stubbornness has taken your life?
How can I do that?
Why did Mahi say that?
How can I do that?
You know that
You were my dearest child.
You were my only son.
You were my life.
I am left alone without you Adeel.
Why did you leave me alone Adeel?
Why did you leave me?
Your mother is left absolutely alone without you.
Why did you leave me so early?
You left your mother alone.
Why?
Mom, sorry.
Sorry
Have you raised any points?
Write down your points and give me.
Share that with me. Right. And...
I will give you further information. Meeting is over.
Miss Zenny, please stop.
Are you OK?
Yes sir.
So what were you thinking during meeting.
Sir, actually...
Look miss Zenny, leave all your family issues at home.
I want your hundred percent here. You can take few days leave if you want.
And join back after resolving all your issues. Understand?
Right sir.
You may leave now.
What happened? What did he say?
He was scolding me.
But why?
He was saying that what was I thinking during meeting?
Whenever we do any good work then he doesn't appreciate but whenever we make a mistake, he immediately scolds us.
I don't what does he think about himself. He is so weird and rude.
Did you say anything?
You
No sir.
Excuse me sir.
Sir, I will be back.
Brother.
Yes.
Greetings.
Greetings.
A lady used to live here.
For whom are you talking about?
Are you new in this neighborhood? A lady used to live here.
Brother talk to me in a gentle tone. I have been living in this neighborhood since last ten years.
You have been living here since last ten years but you don't know that who is living in your neighborhood.
Brother new tenants come in this house after every six months.
But this family was living here for last one year.
On rent?
This house belongs to brother Umair Pasha, he has passed away long ago.
His son has rent out this house. He lives abroad.
That lady's name was Jamila.
Yes Jamila
She has disappeared from here immediately.
So many peoples are coming and asking about her. I think she has done some fraud.
That everyone is chasing her and you are also asking about her.
Thank you brother. Please leave.