you are so important for me, Saad
I saw them together, I had explained you very well but you didn't understand me at all
I had told you, not to leave Zara & Saad alone. Now Zara took your place
for how many days we'll keep Adnan in this house?
what?
what is this?
we can give this portion on rent to someone else
dear, what's the bad quality in them?
they are not only our tenants but relatives too. They are you distant uncle & aunt
mom, they aren't our blood relatives
I wanted to talk to you, dad
yes, say it
I was thinking to do the job
job?
yes
but we are discussing your marriage here
what is he saying, dad?
sit down dear, lets sit & discuss this peacefully. Come sit
sit down
how can you guys even think of it? What are you saying? Why will I do second marriage?
we haven't decided anything as of yet, we were just discussing. We cannot do anything without your consent
I cannot give Adeel's place to someone else in my life
Zara, dear your parents are thinking absolutely correct for you
and we all know that you haven't forgotten Adeel as of yet
nor you'll be able to forget him
because Adeel & your relation was like that
but my dear, also think that you've your entire life ahead. How will you spend it alone?
have I become a burden?
have I become a burden on you, dad?
that's why you want to throw me off like this?
No, its not like that you are thinking wrong dear
then why dad?
if you won't marry then what else you'll do, tell us
you know how our society treats an alone woman
be quiet!
this is our personal matter, and you don't need to interfere. I am talking to my dad
Zara...
what's wrong dear, how are you talking?
Zara, honestly you are so depressed
you have forgot to respect your elders too
I apologize to you on behalf of Zara
brother, why are you apologizing?
we should apologize
she is saying the right thing, its your personal matter
we shouldn't have interfered. We made a mistake
we are sorry, please forgive us
you guys can continue the discussion
 lets go Adnan
lets go!
Shaista..
dear, nobody has stopped you for saying anything
but whatever you want to say, if you'll say with respect then there would be no harm
what happened to you?
why are you sitting here?
did something happen?
I'm sitting here just like that
nothing happened
I've been saying this since beginning, that the girl is so cruel. She wasn't having an affair for no reason
what was the need for you to discuss her marriage?
be quiet, you won't understand
I don't understand, what is going on in your mind
I just want Zara to get married, what else?
why do you want her to get married?
you won't understand
look at me
what is it?
what is going on in your mind?
whatever is going on in my mind, let it be
mind your own business!
I am having headache, go bring tea for me
now go!
they have made my life a living hell!
I will see you Zara
I won't spare you
you can change my name from Adnan, if I won't teach you a lesson
I don't understand that why are we doing this discussion
if Zara doesn't wants to marry then why are we forcing her?
I am her father
nobody knows what is good or bad for her, better than me
I don't want to pressurize her for anything, nor I will do that
neither I want her to wed her off tomorrow
I just want her to start thinking about herself
our life doesn't stops at one point, we should continue to live our life
dad, you are right but...
Zara will make this decision that what she needs to do next
maybe you guys aren't understanding
Adnan had just said it so that she can get remarried
he just wanted her betterment, there is nothing wrong in it
Zara is not a burden on me
I can take care of her
but if..
we think about it, then this matter isn't wrong too
its not like that this hadn't happened earlier ever
she is already upset with you, since she heard it
she won't agree ever
I know she won't give Adeel's place to someone else
but until when?
I am not her enemy, I want her betterment
It becomes so difficult to spend your life without a companion
she has locked herself inside the room since we have discussed this matter in front of her
she didn't come out of her room
I think we should stop for some time, don't discuss this matter again
are you upset with me?
how can you do this to me, dad?
when a father have the responsibilities of daughters, then he has to think this way
Have I become a burden on you? You've got fed-up of me?
how can you think this way?
neither I can get fed-up of you, nor my daughters are burden on me
I am just worried about you
dad, why we have restricted our daughter's fate until marriage?
they will be good luck if they got married, and if they don't get married then this society won't let them live
why it is like that, dad?
can't I spend my life with Adeel's memories?
you won't be able to move ahead if you'll spend your life with Adeel's memories
it happens this way, and this is the world my dear
we have to move on after forgetting the memories
and when I think...
that you, mom & everyone are so worried because of me
I feel so hurt, I feel so stressed
all of you are my everything!
please don't lock me with this chain of marriage
allow me to do the job
but dear...
dad, please don't worry about my marriage
I don't want my marriage to become my reason of living
I want to do a job, dad. And for that I need your permission & trust
you have always believed me
do it once again
please
you have decided for the job & didn't even tell me
Saad, you are forgetting that you had given me this suggestion
I had said it like that, and you took it seriously
Saad, now you are confusing me. Is this a wrong decision?
I shouldn't have come into your words
I am joking. You made the right decision on the right time
sure?
Okay, will you help me in finding the job?
yes, why not. But on one condition
first go & make me a cup of tea
Zaini will make it, Saad
why Zaini will make it? I want to drink the tea prepared by you. Its been too long that I haven't had tea prepared by you
Ok, let me bring it in two minutes then you have to make my CV
you have to make my CV then
I'm waiting for you over here
Ok
what are you doing?
making tea for Saad
let me make it
No, I will make it
he was saying that he wants to drink the tea prepared by me
would you like to drink, shall I make some?
No
you guys shall continue
Zaini..
what are you doing, where are you going?
actually I am going to do the studies
dear, try to look after the kitchen too. I have some work in the kitchen
why Zara is always working in the kitchen?
will I be doing all the work alone once she goes to the job?
all of you can only see Zara
not me?
what's wrong?
what is this?
mom, my exams are going on
and nobody is concerned about it, whether the papers are going well or not
nobody cares about it
why we don't care? We do care about you too
mom, don't give me false hopes
I can see everything!
you used to be concerned for Zara only, when she doesn't used to live here
and now when she has come back here for lifetime
even now everyone just thinks about only Zara
nobody can see me
Nobody gives importance to me
and Saad
he also doesn't cares about me
what's wrong Zaini, what are you thinking?
mom... I feel so bad
when all of you ignore me
specially when Saad ignores me
Saad doesn't even care about me
what's wrong speak softly, he will hear you
See!
even now you are just worried that no one shall mind anything
nobody cares about me! You guys don't see me at all
Saad doesn't sees me at all, I am not important for you guys. I am not important for anyone
nobody cares for me
Zaini.. .
what's wrong with her?
here is your tea
thank you!
Wow... amazing
this is awesome! Tea should be like this
look, I have shortlisted a job for you in a big company
have a look..
Saad, this is a very big company
so what? You aren't some ordinary girl
you had been a topper in your university
that's right, but how can we apply in such a big company as I don't have any job experience
we get experience by doing a job, we don't get it without applying
and these are just rubbish things. To start some work one needs to start from the beginning
try ironing people words, immediately start applying
do you think I should apply?
you should apply for sure, its such a good opportunity
Okay
show me
so we have to fill all this information?
we have to do this all, and I will do it
Greetings!
Greetings dad!
Greetings uncle!
Greetings! Stay blessed dear. I saw you after so many days
yes, how are you?
Fine?
I am fine dear, so sorry to hear about your husband's accidental death
and that accident..
I felt so strange after listening to entire incident
me & my wife couldn't believe. May God give you patience
when did you come?
just a while ago, uncle
Zara, bring tea for us we are sitting
please come
yes
now they'll come back to their senses
Zara
yes?
are you fine?
I am fine, Saad
I think you should go home
but Zara why?
Zara..
Saad doesn't come here for me
he doesn't even remember that there is someone else in this house who waits for him
if he comes here, then he comes only for one person
and that is you, Zara
so sorry to hear about your husband's accidental death
and that accident..
I felt so strange after listening to entire incident
me & my wife couldn't believe.
you used to be concerned for Zara only, when she doesn't used to live here
and now when she has come back here for lifetime
even now everyone just thinks about only Zara
so Zaini, how many of your papers are left?
only one is left
hmm...
then my daughter will be free from studies, what have you decided for the future?
dad, I will do masters
great!
ok tell me how are your papers going?
will you pass them?
what are you doing?
why are you irritating my daughter?
dad, I am just asking about her exams
yes, they are going well
only well? You have to do top
like our Zara used to do
brother, I am not Zara!
what's wrong, you've become serious. We were just joking
Zaini, please sit. Brother was just joking
and we are sure that you'll get really good marks
ok enough, be quiet now. Quietly do your breakfast, sit down Zaini
mom, I am getting late. I am leaving
Saad will come to pick you, right?
No dad
he doesn't have time anymore
then let me drop you
No I will go myself, I have become habitual of it
Bye!
Zaini...
Bye dear
bye!
what do you do?
dad, I was just asking about her papers. I was joking
she has become quite sensitive nowadays. She forgot her mobile as well
what's the matter, sister. You seem a bit worried
No, I am not worried. Its just that I am not feeling well
if you are feeling quite unwell then shall I take you to the doctor?
no no, I will be fine
I didn't see Adnan from the last 2 days, is he still upset with us?
why he will be upset with you?
actually sister, Adnan was suffering with fever
that's why he didn't stepped outside the house, that's why you couldn't see him
today he got a bit well so he had stepped outside the house & went to do some work
Okay
I thought maybe he has mind anything
nowadays everyone gets upset on very small matters
about whom you are talking?
No, just like that
sister, we are together since quite a long time
if we ever had a misunderstanding, I try to remove it as soon as possible
if misunderstandings stay for long time then it creates rift between our loved ones
and who can stay happy while staying away from their loved ones
you are right though
did you talk to your brother?
he calls me but... 
I don't receive it
you do the right thing
at least, this way he will realize his mistake
please try to take care of your health
would you like to drink tea?
No, leave the tea & just take care of yourself
you are getting weak day by day
I am fine
not really, you don't seem fine to me
oh Adnan, you are so nice
you've brought me in the fresh air after such a long time, I am feeling so good. I am enjoying a lot
you are so nice that my life is present for you, whenever you ask for it
ok wait
what are you doing?
look, what I have brought for you
its very pretty
but its artificial, right?
yes, its artificial. For now near with it
what is this Adnan. You always give me artificial things
I will bear it on one condition. First promise me that soon you'll gift me a gold chain
I promise you that soon I will gift you a gold chain. Happy?
Happy
Ok tell me, what about your house which you were selling?
which house?
the same which you intend to sell off
oh yes! that house? I have to sell it off
the discussion is also going on. Lets see, when its going to get sold
if you say so, then shall I try?
why will you try? 
I mean, you already have plenty of work to do. Why will you get worried for no reason
leave my work. See, these are the work to be done by men. If you say so I can get it sold
oh Adnan, I mean see... the property costs will increase now
So... we'll sell it off at that time
ok whenever you want to sell your house do let me know. I have a friend who is an estate agent, he will get you good price
okay fine
its such a scrumptious snacks!
Zaini... 
Zaini
are you going to the university?
I wanted to discuss something with you
I am busy
why are you avoiding me?
is there anything in your heart related to me?
there isn't any such thing
so why don't you talk to me?
earlier you used to share everything with me
so why you've become so quiet?
what difference does it make?
it does make a difference, Zaini
it does make a difference to me 
I have never seen you so upset & worried ever
you always used to stay happy & smiling
why you've become so upset now?
well.. at least you can see
it means there is some matter which has worried you
am I the reason of that problem, Zaini?
even if you are not the reason, Zara
still you must be!
what does this mean Zaini, what have I done?
nothing! just relax
how can I do this Zaini? If there is any matter then tell me. Has Saad said something? Shall I talk to him?
what will he say?
he doesn't have anything to say
and if he had something, then he wouldn't have talked to me
he comes here for you Zaini, then why don't you ask him?
for me?
Saad doesn't come here for me
he doesn't even remember that there is someone else in this house who waits for him
if he comes here, then he comes only for one person
and that is you, Zara
he just comes here to talk to you
he doesn't need me
he never needed me
do you know, he didn't even remembered this house address when you were not here
he only wants to talk to you, Zara
and you are saying that he comes here for me
Zaini, Saad is my friend
and I?
who am I to him?
you are taking it wrong Zaini, there isn't any such thing
I've started to understand now
come inside, lets sit & talk. Let me clarify your misunderstanding
I don't want to talk to you about anything
and I have a paper
Zaini
Zaini!
I have made your CV, also forwarded it too
I am sending it to you, check it
there is no need of it, Saad
I don't want to apply
Zara, we don't take people words so seriously
its people habit to taunt
its us who gave a chance to the people
no matter by stupidity
but we do make a mistake
Zara... you'll find such people at every corner who will become an obstacle on your way
so will you change your path by getting afraid of every obstacle?
I don't know
what is my destination
I've become lost in the desert
and I can't see anyone at all
Zara, you don't seem fine to me
I am coming to meet you
No Saad, please don't come. Ever...
Zara, why are you saying like this?
sometimes we have to leave our friends in order to save our relations
from where our friendship came in between?
and I don't understand, what is going on in your mind
about what you are upset
I am not upset on anything, Saad
has anyone said anything to you? Tell me the truth
why anyone will say anything to me?
Nobody has said anything, Saad
mom is calling me. I will talk to you later, bye!
Zara! listen to me. Zara!
Zara... hello?
you have retaliated to me on Saad's matter
I like it
see, I am your husband
but its not like that you agree with me on every matter
are you okay?
yes teacher
focus on your paper
really! When is the engagement?
its on Saturday. And aunty has specially invited you
yes yes, why we won't come? We will come for sure
ok tell me, are you happy dear?
I hope they aren't annoying you now
No mom, they have changed a lot. And honestly speaking, sometimes I don't believe it
that they are the same people, who had forgotten me after sending me off to my parents house
did you see, dear?
sometimes, how its better to leave your ego & bow down in front of someone 
you decided to go back to your house, so they have changed too
now if they are accepting you from the bottom of their heart
then you shall also now leave amiss
mom, you are always afraid that what if I come back to you once again
No.. what's there to be afraid of? Its your own house
I just want all of my daughters to stay happy in their husband's house
how is Zara now, mom?
Zara is fine, she is thinking to do the job
job?
she is thinking to do the job?
who gave her the permission to do the job, mom?
your father did, and then its good that this way she will divert her mind. What she will do by staying at home?
but dad had never allowed me to do the job
your matter was different dear, you didn't even completed your studies. In your last semester... 
yes yes mom I remember. Don't make me recall old matters please
ok leave this topic & tell me. At what time we have to come?