But remember one thing. 
Hmm
Strictly forbid Zara that don't discuss this matter with her family.
We will inform them when marriage will be fixed.
 You don't have to worry about it at all.
Saad, don't be foolish. 
Zenny has no objection on our friendship but you should think about your words.
Other people don't give same importance to our friendship which we give. 
They won't see us in that way.
I want to say one more thing.
Actually, Mahi wants that Zara shouldn't know about this proposal.
But why?
I don't know, Mahi wants it.
There is no harm if we will hide this from Zara. 
so brother, tell me is Zara happy in her in-laws house?
yes, all thanks to God everyone is so happy. I am so grateful to God, I had a word with her yesterday
Okay
hey! so you should have made me speak to her as well. But you didn't tell me
I will make you speak to her today
please sit, meanwhile let me go & offer prayers
by the way sister, there is one thing
they should have sent Zara, as the bride & the groom visits the bride's house after marriage
when will Zara come?
No, actually both of them are going on a honeymoon
so Zara said that she'll come back here directly from there
may God always keep our daughter safe, and shall keep their love intact for each other
may God save her from an evil eye of her friends too
we had heard a phrase that "may God save from an evil eye of an enemy" but today you've brought something new
a person shall not get affected by a friend's evil eye. Wow!
since Zara doesn't have an enemy, that's why I didn't mentioned an enemy
So, are you talking about brother? Because my brother is Zara's best friend
No no, nowadays we easily get affected by the evil eye of a friend than an enemy. That's why I had said it
rest, I didn't mean to point towards Saad. I've just said a general thing
you are right
how can you say this to me?
because I am not habitual of keeping an eye on girls
and that too bad one
but shall I tell you something? I keep quite a strong eye on the people who keep bad eye on anyone
are you getting my point?
oh dear, what's wrong with you?
you know its Adnan's nature to joke around. He isn't serious at all!
so do you find me serious?
oh...
we got scared
I've seen someone joking around so seriously for the very first time
he is such a good actor!
oh God... look at the attitude of Sarwat's sharp knife
she made a honeymoon's program so secretly
and we got to know when they've received the tickets at home
then stop them
stop them, make some excuse
hmm... I have to
let me do one thing. 
Let me say that we are fixing a proposal here, and my daughter-in-law's presence is so important
mom, what happens to you? Why do you get so excited?
you start talking like crazy people. 
Will you tell Zara that you are looking for my wedding proposal?
oho... I have completely forgotten! It had slipped out of my mind all of a sudden
I don't remember anything when something comes into my mind all of a sudden
had I kept such torment in my house, if I knew how to do conspiracies in cleverly manner?
I must say, let them go
once she'll come back after enjoying with Adeel for a few days, only then she'll have a few good memories with Adeel in her old age after her divorce
Okay, now don't talk too much
I know you very well too
you are provoking me deliberately, right?
well.. no matter what happens. I won't let her go on a honeymoon
what do you think? Will Adeel agree with you?
no problem, if Adeel wants to go alone on the honeymoon then he can
but I won't let Zara step outside the house, its my contumacy now!
oh mom, there is a limit. Will Adeel will go alone on his honeymoon?
what are you saying?
do you know, go & sleep for sometime. Your mind is not working at all, go sleep for sometime
Wow! who will feel sleepy?
I won't be able to sleep tonight, what to do!
I'm telling you, try to sleep for sometime
maybe you get some dream or hint, and your son shall not go from here
No... nothing can happen
nobody agrees with me. 
Had anyone agreed last time?
I did so much of drama, but still Adeel had gone
this time this dream related thing won't work
it doesn't matter if it didn't work once, try again
maybe this time they agree
what do they say?
"it is worth an attempt, whatever the outcome"
at least try, besides nobody can harm you at all
No
it won't happen this time
do you know, all of them think that my dreams are false
what did you say? They think this way?
mom, your dreams are false
stop your rubbish, ok?
don't talk non-sense
you'll see, there won't be any issue of false dreams anymore
now I'll show you how to turn a dream into reality
my name is Farida 
be quiet, I am saying!
oh God... 
rubbish!
ill-mannered!
everyone is feeling that something is wrong between us
then let them feel
as it is, everyone will get to know
as if you'll be able to keep the matter to yourself
I haven't told anything to anyone
really?
you must have told Zara, right?
if you haven't told her now then you will tell her in a while
and by tomorrow, I will get a call from her
means, you didn't talked to Zara as of yet?
oh!
so it means you have already talked to her
this is what I am saying
when you have to tell everyone, then why are you telling me that everyone is feeling this because of me?
Zaini...
Zaini, listen to me!
I shouldn't have called Zara
Zara I was calling you, but you didn't pick up the call
do call me back once you see my message
and yes! if you talk to Zaini then don't tell her that we had discussed anything
actually she has gone completely mad, I will tell you on the call
yes but don't tell her anything that we had discussed any matter
what happen Saad?
who has gone mad?
I've gone mad! And before its too late, I am going downstairs
why aren't you facing me?
I don't want to talk to you about anything right now
and there are a lot of work at home
mom has asked me to prepare tea
you can make the tea later, but first listen to me
see, there are guests in the home
don't talk to me like this
my family is not guest
whatever
I don't want to talk to you about anything right now
Zaini, I am not liking this attitude of yours. Not at all!
tell me if there is something
Fine
you'll come to drop me tomorrow, right?
I'll talk to you then
Zaini...
listen
you were right
there is some problem going on between Saad & Zaini, because of Zara
what are you saying?
who said this to you?
Zaini?
No! just now I was going to the terrace to get the clothes
so Zaini was coming back from the terrace, she was so angry & furious
I called her, but she ignored me deliberately
and when I went upstairs, I saw Saad speaking to Zara on the call secretly
he was saying, that nobody shall get to know about this matter
by the way, what can be the issue? Do you know anything?
what can be the issue?
the same issue, that I had been mentioning since day one
that Zara & Saad aren't friends at all, they are having an affair
talk softly, have some God fear. What if anyone hears you!
the dooms day will come now, this matter was a secret until Zaini wasn't aware of it
but now everyone will get to know.
now someone has bowed down
what will happen now!
if you allow me, then can I talk to sister?
there is no need to talk to sister, as if she'll agree to whatever you'll say. 
Absolutely not!
you'll get affected by your own words
you'll be proved a liar
true that!
but...
but?
no ifs or buts, now we'll enjoy the game
what was that innocent guy saying today?
that I keep bad eye on girls & he keeps an eye on me, right?
this is God's justice
when this matter will be exposed, then I will see that guy
how he will face the people
by the way, for the first time you've brought a good news
Dolly
yes brother?
get me a cup of tea
brother, I wanted to discuss something with you
yes tell me
are you & Zaini having any differences?
No
but it seems that you guys are having some issues, even mom was saying the same thing
tell mom that there isn't any such thing
I will tell her but she won't agree
I cannot do any such thing about it
and about what you had talked to Adnan?
specially about Zara?
brother, I haven't discussed it specially. The matter came up one after another, so I have said it
so why you have said it? You shouldn't have
don't you know that guy? He talks rubbish everywhere
brother, this way he can also say that whatever you had said was not right
why are you favoring him?
whatever I had said, I would have said it for some reason
I am not favoring him, I was just saying that whatever I had said about Zara was not bad
but whatever you've said about brother Adnan that...
I've said completely right thing
you know nothing about it
and it would be better for you to stay away from this matter
also keep yourself away from Adnan
he is a disgusting man, a vile person!
whatever I had said
was absolutely correct!
go, bring tea for me
Ok
uncle, is it important for me to get married? Don't you find me happy like this?
dear, so have you planned to stay unmarried for lifetime?
I don't want to get married right now
then when you'll get married?
if you like any girl then tell us
we will take your wedding proposal there, & we won't have any objection
No uncle, there isn't any such thing. I don't have any girl in my life
Okay, then why are you refusing?
do you think, will I be able to fulfill any relationship?
yes yes, why not?
I know, the life you've spent
you have started to hate the relatives
look at me
dear, after your aunt's demise I was completely alone
and then, I had the responsibility of the upbringing of all three of you
the time helped me
and I got remarried to Razia
if I had been thinking like you at that time
then how could I fulfill the responsibility of all three of you?
what if they are also cheaters, then?
no no, it won't happen
they are my acquaintance, I know them very well
they are not like that, they cannot be cheaters
at least meet them once
Ok uncle, if you think that family is good
then I don't have an objection
very good dear, very good!
I was sure that you will never break my trust
aunt, did you call me?
yes? I had called you. I wanted to discuss something important with you
yes
all your traditional after marriage ceremonies have ended yesterday
you know that, right?
So, now bring back your life to the normal routine
what?
what do you mean by this?
don't you know about normal routine?
what do you mean by this, I didn't get it
let me explain
come with me, come... let me explain you right away
Okay, so you love cooking right?
alright then, today on wards its your responsibility to make all the three meals of the day
ok fine
by the way, which dishes you can cook?
Umm... I can cook everything, Actually mom had taught us cooking after the completion of tenth grade
we sisters can make all kind of food
Ok ok, its such a good thing though
my mother used to say that a girl's skill set can be observed from her kitchen
if a woman is skillful then her kitchen will be always shining clean
and if she will be unskillful then her kitchen's sink will always be flooded with dirty dishes
don't worry, I will wash all these dishes right away
since you have given me kitchen's responsibility, so now you'll always gets shining clean kitchen
what do you mean?
what are you trying to say?
do you mean to say that I am unskillful & clumsy?
No aunt, I didn't mean that. And how can I dare to speak such words for you?
by the way, its not right to say used dishes as dirty ones
what do you mean by this?
mom says, the dishes in which we eat food. We shouldn't say them dirty
Ok enough! whatever your mother had to say she has said it
and you've heard it. Now forget it
now remember what I am saying & act accordingly
today on wars, this entire kitchen is your responsibility
I shall see the kitchen shining clean 24/7
you have to make all the three meals too
I have done too much of work of this house, I've served everyone enough
got my point?
I am going
I will come back after an hour
I will check each & everything, everything shall be shiny
why one hour aunt? I will clean everything within half an hour
you don't have to get rid of it, you have to work hard
got it?
and yes! I am also having severe headache
first make tea & serve me
I couldn't even think
that you can think about such things about me & Zara
you know everything
do you remember, when Ali & Dolly's proposal was getting fixed
so our proposal was also fixed by Zara
if there had been something as such between us, then why she would have done all this?
yes, when did I said that I am doubting you both?
even I haven't said anything about doubt
Saad, why don't you say it clearly?
if you aren't talking about doubt, then why are you giving so many clarifications?
I have just said to you that you are ignoring me in front of her
if you had felt that way, then you should have said at that time
why are you saying it now?
I didn't felt it at that time
now I am feeling it that's why I have said it
and... do you even remember your words what you had said to me?
yes, whatever I had said I shouldn't have said it
but I hadn't lied to you as well, Zaini
I had said whatever I had felt, and the reason behind it was just friendship
how does it feel when a friend goes away
Zara was going far away
and I didn't like her departure
what's this, Saad?
her departure was decided, right?
one day or the other she had to leave with brother Adeel
and... everyone stays mentally prepared for the girls
because she never stays for lifetime
there is no girl or boy in friendship
a friend is a friend
and she wasn't a girl for me but my friend, that's it!
you have said the right thing.
you have never considered me a girl as well
Did you elder sister went on the honeymoon?
or did your mother go?
or your uncle took me to the honeymoon?
nobody had gone, right?
nobody had gone from our entire family
then you guys will also not go
I am telling you very clearly
remove these honeymoon thoughts from your mind
Mahi, I was saying that tomorrow brother Noor Alam is coming
as its Saturday tomorrow
yes
I was thinking, what if he asks that why Mahi got divorced
then what answer we'll give him?
means, you'll tell him about my divorce?
hey, obviously they'll ask. We cannot hide such matters
people hide way too many things if needed, mom
won't you be able to hide a divorce?
hats off to you!
I think, you won't be able to do this work & I won't get myself insulted
leave it
oh God Mahi, what shall I do with you?
what happens to you!
why do you become stubborn for no reason?
you start talking rubbish, and now you've put up a new condition
listen to me, think with a calm mind..
my thinking is not so useless, mom
if you can't do whatever I have asked you to do, then refuse them for coming here
what do you do!
what's this?
you've asked a newly wedded bride to start working? 
At least, let her come back from her honeymoon first
what! honeymoon?
which honeymoon? Honeymoon for what?
who had gone for the honeymoon from our family?
did you go? Or her elder sister had gone on the honeymoon?
ask her
tell me Zara, did you elder sister went on the honeymoon?
or did your mother go?
or your uncle took me to the honeymoon?
nobody had gone, right?
nobody had gone from our entire family
then you guys will also not go
I am telling you very clearly
remove these honeymoon thoughts from your mind
go, wash the dishes & start preparing for the dinner
Ok?
now go
honeymoon...
enough! you are always after her
what's wrong?
she'll go on a honeymoon
don't know how she has prepared the tea, its look quite bad
remove these honeymoon thoughts from your mind
go, wash the dishes & start preparing for the dinner
Ok?
greetings mom!
how are you?
greetings! my dear... stay blessed
what's the matter? Are you having cold, because your voice sounds a bit heavy to me
No mom, there isn't any such thing
you tell me, how are you & how is dad?
everyone is absolutely fine
you tell me, is everything fine at home?
 I hope there is nothing to worry about
actually I was missing you all, as I haven't met you guys since so long
then ask Adeel to bring you here
I am telling you, he will never refuse you
do you know, even sister Asifa & Shaista were saying the same thing yesterday
that you didn't even come back once ever since you got married
mom, Adeel was telling me that he'll take me but I had asked him not to
you say that daughters look good at their in-laws house
I wish that Maheen shall also understand this
that girl has made me worried sick
sometimes I get worried for her, and sometimes your things makes me worried
what shall I do?
mom, please give some time to Maheen
the time is slipping from our hands, dear
she has been sitting in our house since so many days that...
now the people have stopped asking us, they think that maybe she is here for forever
Mom, please don't worry
if you say so, then shall I talk to Maheen?
No no, your father was saying that first I shall talk to her politely. So let me talk first
ok?
promise me that you won't get worried
otherwise, I won't go anywhere & will come to your house
oh no, no... go happily my dear as you are going abroad for the very first time
enjoy a lot, ok?
keep your warm clothes, as the weather might be cold over there
and be little careful about your diet, dear
because if your stomach will get upset then it will ruin the entire journey
I will do whatever you have asked me to do, mom
stay blessed my dear, & convey my love to Adeel. By the way, when is your flight?
the flight is of day after tomorrow
ok, do keep me posted
both of you shall keep informing me. When you'll go to the airport, do let me know about the take off too. Ok?
I will, mom
can I talk to you later? As I have to do the packing as well
okay my dear, in God's protection
Bye!
bye!
my dear child
what do you mean by this?
leave it
you won't understand
why shall I leave it?
if I won't understand, then explain me
but Zaini, stop it now
its been so many days, now end your anger
Zara is your friend
so who am I to you?
what kind of a question is this?
This question is wrong
no question is wrong
the answer is right or wrong
and you have to give me the right answer
you know its answer, Zaini
but I want to hear it from your mouth
who am I to you?
I love you, Zaini
we are engaged & we are about to get married
do you really love me?
I mean...
how much do you love me?
almost 30 to 40 kg of love...
I am not joking! 
Right now we are talking about love
please!
don't make fun of love
how can anyone measure love?
nobody can answer this question
whom do you love the most?
with Zara or me?
Zara has her own place
she is my friend
how can I keep you & Zara on the same place?
Haven't you gone mad?
and who is feeding such things in your mind?
nobody is feeding me such things
such things are coming in my mind automatically
Saad, I never used to think about such things when she used to be here
Since she has gone from here, I feel as if...
she took away you as well with her
you've changed, Saad
you've changed
there isn't any such thing
I haven't gone
I am here with you
I love you, Zaini
only you!
then why don't you express it?
why don't you say it, that you love me?
Saad, I like to hear it
say it to me that "Zaini, I love you"
I like you.. I am only yours
why don't you say it?
I am only yours, Zaini
only yours
and I only love you
and I will always keep loving you
if aunt won't agree
then won't we go?
who said this to you?
nobody...
I am just asking you
Adeel... we'll go, right?
obviously we'll go
mom also doesn't wanted us to get married, but what happened?
we got married, right?
when she couldn't stop me for marrying you, then will she be able to stop us for going on a honeymoon?
its just...
I am a bit scared
about what?
what if..
someone separates us from each other
Adeel
what's there to laugh about?
I am not laughing upon your words
but on your expressions
why do you feel so scared?
see...
I know Mahi & mom doesn't treat you well
but it doesn't mean that they'll separate us, right?
this is not the matter
this is the matter
I know you very well, at least don't hide it from me
do you remember?
I had said to you
that no force in this world can separate us except for death
Adeel!
don't you feel ashamed while saying such things?
why do you say such things?
because if I won't say such things, then you don't get quiet. That's why I have to say such things
such a bad thing
what do you get by saying such things?
Adeel, if you ever say any such thing ever then I won't speak to you
at least listen to me
I don't want to listen to anything, I am going to make dinner
Zara... Zara!
what are you doing, Saad?
I was sleeping
I love you!
this is misbehavior, Saad
I love you...
are you taking revenge from me?
I am not taking revenge, I am just telling you that...
I love you!
Saad, you know that I have to go to the university in the morning, right?
and you are annoying me
then go, when did I stop you?
yes so? I got disturbed from your messages, else I was sleeping
okay, so you were sleeping?
as if your discussion hadn't disturbed me, right?
ok so...
you are taking revenge from me
Okay, I am taking revenge
you have said it yourself, that do express your love for me
oh really?
if you want to express it in this way, then please don't
why so? I will do like this
they say, "my love, my choice"
oh... is it so?
alright then
my phone, my choice
I am disconnecting the call, bye!
Zaini...
Zaini!
hey Shaista!
you woke up quite early today
Greetings sister!
did you wake up early?
No, how come I would have woke up early?
I couldn't sleep, as I was thinking about only one thing the entire night
what happened, is everything alright?
well... leave this topic
ok mom, I am leaving
Greetings aunty!
Greetings!
how will you go? Because Saad won't come now
why?
why Saad won't come?
why Shaista, why are you saying this?
sister, I was saying this because Saad used to come for Zara. 
Now since she is not here, so he won't come
hey!
Saad is coming to pick me & you don't need to worry too much
how are you talking? You exactly looked like Maheen
no mom, I didn't mean that
ok come, let me prepare breakfast for you. Have it then go
no mom, I am not hungry right now. I will have something in the university
mom, Saad is here. I'm getting late, so I am leaving
ok, be careful
bye!
She had said it just like that, you know Zaini is not of this nature
don't take it to your heart, I will ask her to apologize to you
oh sister, what are you saying?
there isn't any such thing
I know these girls when they were way too small
why are you getting worried?
anyways, come... let me prepare breakfast for you
tell me, is Zara coming tomorrow? Will she leave for the airport from here?
No, she didn't mentioned any such thing
Okay
Saad must be going to the airport to see her off, right?
No, even if they'll go from here. Then Adeel's friend will drop them off
shall I make tea for you?
No, your tea is getting cold. Please drink it