the condition of both of us is same
but maybe its my bad luck that... 
I have eaten your happiness
its not only the fault of your luck in it
also, my bad luck plays a vital role in it
 Zara won't go anywhere
are you guys listening? Zara will not go anywhere, She is my wife
 and if you guys uttered a single word against Zara then I will leave this house
and Zara will go with me 
 what was she saying?
she said that they will bring the wedding procession day after tomorrow 
really? 
yes... they are bringing wedding procession
really?
its not a bad deal
if I get that house transferred on my name
then I can also become rich
and then I will go somewhere far away from here after selling that house
I won't get any better chance than this
otherwise, what did I get by staying here for so many years?
Nothing
now I've got a chance so I should take full advantage of it
but for now, I don't have the money to buy the file. From where shall I arrange it?
Saad, dear come a bit early from the office as we have some important work to do for tomorrow
yes mom, I will come after taking a half day
and Dolly, at what time do you have to go to the parlor?
at 12pm
okay, I will drop you
shall I come along with you?
yes dear, you may go. Its alright. There are a few house chores, I will manage
as it is, I've invited a few relatives
mom, what is the need of it? Its our family function
dear, its important. Now I have to tell the people about your marriage as well
that by what status Zara is living here, before people start asking me
ok mom, as you find better
Dolly, do you want something else?
no brother, everything is done. Just take me there on time
mom, don't worry I will manage everything
come in
are you ready?
All praise to God, you are looking so pretty
thank you!
actually..
I wanted to discuss something with you
even I want to talk to you
yes, tell me what happened?
I don't understand how shall I say it
Dolly, whatever is there in your heart you can say that to me
I am leaving this house today forever
and...
I have never left mom alone
I used to be with her at all times
today, when I am leaving so I am feeling so worried about her
I know, maybe you'll find it a bit selfish
but... there is no one else in this house except for you
brother goes to the office in the morning, and mom stays alone at home for an entire day
Zara, will you promise me one thing?
you will take care of mom right?
I was angry on you, Zara
because I was getting your share of punishment
but... now this punishment is finished
So, even I don't want to keep any grudge in my heart
and I want to give my mom's responsibility to you
even if you hadn't said all this to me
still I would have taken good care of aunt
and whatever you've been through because of me, Dolly
I can only apologize for it
I would like you to remove all the complains & misunderstandings from your mind & heart before going from here
and fill my brother's life with happiness
my brother loves you a lot
get ready, meanwhile let me check on aunty
okay
Zaini
hey! What happened dear, you haven't got ready as of yet?
mom, I don't want to go
its your only brother's wedding, dear
what answer I will give to the people when they'll ask about you
mom, Saad will be there... also Zara will be there
I don't want to face them or meet them!
please don't force me, I don't want to go there
dear, this is not the matter of only one day. Its a lifetime's issue
if not today, then tomorrow you have to face them
mom, we'll look at the future later
right now I don't have the courage
you are my very courageous daughter
right?
you know, sometimes we don't have to live for ourselves but for the happiness of others
if you won't go then your brother will not take the wedding procession
he had already said it
now tell me
what shall we do?
come on, my good girl. Get up, get ready
aunty had asked me to wear these clothes
although I didn't wanted to wear such heavy clothes
you are looking nice
what?
why are you worried?
I am feeling scared
about what?
the groom's family is about to come
are you afraid of that fact that how people will react after seeing you?
I am thinking not to go in front of them
Zara, in the same manner even I don't have the right to meet anyone
but I will face everyone
I won't be able to do it, Saad
I am with you
Zara, we are the support for each other
we'll tremble together & handle ourselves together
nothing wrong shall happen today
I pray that Dolly goes to her house safely
nothing will happen
and fix your mood
you look so bad while crying
everything is looking so good
take this...
thank you!
brother Fahad, come... let me introduce you to Mirha's family
yes
Shall we?
Greetings aunty!
Greetings dear!
how are you?
I'm absolutely fine, how are you?
I am also fine
you are looking so pretty
thank you so much! He is my cousin Fahad
Greetings aunty!
Greetings! Stay blessed
aunty, what are you doing here? Come on the stage
yes yes, lets go. Come on
you & Zara don't need to worry about anything
as far as your mother is concerned
don't worry
I will never let her do any injustices with Zara
I know
you know what?
you are the best father in the world
you are my dear best son
my son was so proud of Zara 
but not even a year had passed of his demise & Zara got married
Enough be quiet! 
Don't lie..
your hatred ate away all the happiness of this family
you are looking beautiful
why didn't you say it before?
when?
earlier
a lot of people were there, how come I would have said?
why?
are you afraid of accepting it in front of all?
no, its not the matter
actually I wanted it to say it in private
really?
just a while ago you didn't wanted to marry me as well
you weren't attending my calls, nor answering me. You were ready to break our relation
and now you are feeling loved towards me
see, your every complaint is valid
but... I was compelled
the situation was as such that I couldn't do anything, I...
Ali...
will you always stay like this?
will you ask for a sacrifice from me, if there will be any problem in someone else's relationship or life?
what kind of love is this?
Fine, I agree that love needs sacrifices but...
but Ali, a husband & a wife's relation is not like this
since when a husband & a wife's relation has become so delicate that they become a puppet for others?
it means...
you will leave me in the future upon anyone's orders
what will happen to me then?
where will I go? And in front of whom I will cry, Ali?
Look, its not like that. Why will I leave you?
I agree that I made a mistake & I apologize to you for the same
please forgive me
and...
believe me... I will never put you in any trial ever
I promise you!
Ali..
Ali, you are my strength
I am nothing without you
me too
believe me
Okay, I've brought something for you
really?
Wow! its beautiful
its nice right?
very nice
give me your hand
wow!
you like it?
whose choice is it? Yours or mom's?
mine...
Okay
its very nice, I love it. Thank you so much!
Sarwat
how are you?
are you still upset with your brother?
I was missing you a lot
Sarwat..
Sarwat, I know you are listening to my voice
won't you forgive your brother?
say something, Sarwat
I am yearning to hear your voice
don't take my trial like this, Sarwat
you shouldn't have call here
Sarwat, I know I shouldn't have called
but do you remember
our mother always used to tell me to take good care of your little sister
no matter even if she is upset with you
and what you did?
you've only hurt your sister
you had never been the reason of your sister's peace
right?
Sarwat, I never wanted to become a reason of your pain
you were not alone in hurting me
your wife, your daughter... everyone had put an equivalent share
nobody had never left anything
I know
I know, Sarwat
I apologize to you on their behalf
there is no possibility of forgiveness now, brother
maybe earlier I would have forgiven you but now..
my every relation with you is over like I did with Zara
along with Zara! What happened to Zara?
where is Zara, is she fine?
really!
didn't your wife or daughter told you that where Zara is?
I didn't get it, where is Zara?
she got married
Sarwat!
what are you saying?
with whom you got Zara married?
go ask your wife, go ask your daughter
we were wedding off our daughter secretly, but she had ruined our leftover honor by coming there
what!
what is left now?
for God sake leave me & my family on our own
let us live peacefully now!
oh God mom, Sadaf's ring was so pretty
yes, also it seems so expensive too
I think they are filthy rich people
I have decided. I will get the two of you married into some rich family
by the way Mirha, this new friend of yours. They seem quite rich as well
whom do they have in their family?
why are you asking?
just like that, what happened?
the entire house lights are on, your father didn't switched them off before sleeping
I think, dad hasn't slept as of yet
dad, you are still awake?
why you haven't slept as of yet? What happened?
I was trying to sleep
in fact, I was trying to sleep forever
oh God, what are you saying. God forbid! Talk good
dad, maybe we got late that's why you are upset
I'm sorry dad, we didn't realize the time
and you know, we hardly get to know the time in the wedding ceremonies
yes
I am talking to your mother, Mirha
Don't interfere!
what happened, at least tell me something. What have I done now?
Mirha is telling you that why we got late
people do get late at such occasions
you get upset for no reason
you guys shall go & rest, let me talk to him
tell me, what's the problem?
why both of you went to Karachi?
Karachi?
Karachi...
I am asking, why both of you went to Karachi? & for what?
Fine, forgive us that we didn't tell you before going to Karachi
I am asking you the last time, why did you go there?
actually dad...
when we got to know about Saad & Zara's wedding
then I & mom, we...
yes, what else we could have done?
when we got the news that she is getting married, I couldn't handle it
you know they always wanted it to happen
my son was so proud of Zara
but not even a year had passed of his demise & Zara got married
Enough be quiet! Don't lie..
your hatred ate away all the happiness of this family
you didn't go there for your son
you had gone to take out the frustration of your heart
you always used to hate Sarwat & her daughters
and what was the need for you to go there, when you had already got to know that Saad & Zara had got married?
I have lost all of my relations because of you
dad please..
you don't leave a chance to hurt me
dad please...
quiet!
I don't want to talk to you
you already took complete revenge from Zara
for God sake leave her
let her live her life
I cannot tolerate anymore drama now
we are always blamed for everything
he can't see the antics of his dearest niece
Saad
yes
are you missing Zaini?
I can clearly see the pain of loosing you in Zaini's eyes
 in your eyes too
You must be missing Zaini a lot
do you know
even I miss Adeel a lot
but I know where he is
how Zaini must be feeling to see you with me?
Zara, its very late night
go to sleep