This is my home now, mom.
I have to die in this house only now.
I hope you’re happy now..
But mom, all I have are tears in my eyes..
I hope you’re happy now..
Don’t say that.
What mother would want to see tears in her daughter’s eyes?
I won’t let you stay here,
come with me.
Where will you take me?
Where?
In the house where you sprew hate in my brother’s heart for me.
So much hate that wherever he sees me, he wants to kill me.
He wants me to die!
You’ll take me in that house?
Nobody is at fault, nobody mom.
I ran away from home and got married, it’s my fault.
I will get punished for this mistake for the rest of my life.
She brought the proposal right?
What could have happened if you would have said yes?
Everyone would have accepted everything happily,
she wouldn't have been taking out her vengeance on me because of you!
All of this wouldn't have happened to me.
All this happened because you refused.
I didn’t refuse Chanda..
She’s right. You shouldn’t have refused.
If you hadn’t refused then she wouldn't have to bear all this
and the humiliation we faced, we wouldn't have to face that too.
What are you standing here for? Get out of my house! Get out!
Please go from here,
please go from here for the love of God.
Stop interfering in my life.
Let me be and don’t ever come here again. Don’t ever come here!
Are you satisfied now?
Have you had enough?
What are you standing here for? Get out of my house
or should I throw you out of here? Get going!
I had known from the start that his intentions weren’t pure.
If you had told me before then I would’ve gone and broken his legs.
What could have happened by doing all that?
He wouldn’t have been able to come here.
Does anybody else know?
Mom knows..
What about Babar brother?
I don't want to tell him anything.
According to him he is an angel
and if I say anything to him he'll scold me instead.
That’s outrageous, can’t Babar brother see what’s happening?
I don't know till when will I have to bear that man’s impure stares.
Sitara, please don't worry.
I have spoken to aunty regarding you and me.
What?
What else?
I have told dad to come here and ask your hand in marriage from aunty after I leave for Dubai.
But Danish..
But what?
Do you not want to marry me?
Sitara, does your heart have no space for me?
Trust me Sitara, I will keep you happy.
And there is only one purpose of me going to Dubai,
so that I can end aunty’s problems.
I have decided that all of us will live together after marriage.
I will try to come back and get married to you after 3 to 4 months.
I don’t want to hurt your feelings but you don’t understand..
What do I not understand?
I understand everything. I’m sorry that I couldn't do anything for you Sitara.
Babar brother, it isn’t like that!
Brother! Brother! Brother!
what was happening? What was happening?
Please make my brother understand that there is nothing going on..
What do I make him understand? Everything is happening because of you!
What shamelessness were you doing? What shamelessness were you doing?
Babar, listen to me! Babar, listen to me!
What?
All this is happening because of her. She was upto this behind our backs!
It isn’t like that. Why are you doing this..
You be quiet! All this is happening because of you!
What she's saying is wrong. There is nothing going on between us!
Who are you to say she’s wrong?
Come here!
What you were doing here, what was that? Get out! Get out of here!
: Get out! Don’t ever come here again!
There is nothing going between us. I don’t know why she’s saying that.
I don’t know.. I can never disrespect you all..
Quiet!
Quiet!
Our respect?
What about the shamelessness you were doing standing over there which I saw from my own eyes,
What are you doing? Have you gone mad?
I will get punished for this mistake for the rest of my life.
Please go from here for the love of God.
Stop interfering in my life.
Let me be and don’t ever come here again. Don’t ever come here!
I will kill you from my own bare hands, I will kill you!
What’s wrong with you? Why are you hitting her?
Have you gone mad?
Have you gone mad Zain?
Zain!
Have you lost your mind? What are you doing? What’s happening here?
I’ll tell you what’s happening!
One minute! I’m asking him and not you!
I should be the one asking you, where had you gone at this time?
: I went out for some work..
What work?
Just because of your irresponsible behavior, Chanda ranway first and now her!
She was having an affair with Danish!
And I’m sure she was also planning to run away.
Mom, brother has misunderstood,
I would never do something which would cause embarrassment to you.
I haven't done anything..
She’s lying! She’s lying! What had I seen then?
Weren’t you standing with Danish when I came in?
She’s talking nonsense! Liar!
Stop it!
Nor is she shameless and neither are his intentions impure but yes,
Danish likes her and he has spoken to me about it.
That means you knew everything regarding Sitara and Danish’s affair
and you were letting this happen on purpose.
Don’t twist and turn the matter Erum
She isn't twisting anything, she’s right.
She’s saying what we saw when we came in.
Now I’ve understood that because of your bigoted behavior,
dad died a painful death but mom, I am not weak like dad.
I will not spare anyone if such shamelessness continues in this house
and Danish won’t enter this house again. Do you understand?
Babar..
Show me..
He has beaten you with such ruthlessness.
You still have a mark from the slap.
Why did he beat you? Does he think you’re some orphan or something?
He thinks what his wife is saying is the truth.
What truth? Tell me something..
That Sitara and me.. Let it be dad. Babar has lost his mind.
I will fix his mind right now.
How will that help?
He will misbehave with you, the matter will prolong and the situation will get much worse.
Then what do you want?
You want me to keep sitting here quietly after seeing what has happened?
No. You will go with me to their house tonight,
ask Sitara’s hand in marriage and get us married tomorrow only.
What?
Marriage?
What are you saying son? Your flight for Dubai is in a while..
I am not going anywhere dad
and besides I want to take Sitara out of that house and bring her here.
Look son, don’t make a decision out of emotions.
Don’t kick away your good fortune.
Dad, my good fortune is written with Sitara and I have already decided.
You have made a wrong decision! Look son, I mean to say don’t think emotionally.
Let go of your anger, cool down and then think and besides,
even if I do what you’re asking me off and I talk to them regarding your marriage,
what do you think? Will Babar agree? Not at all.
His ego will kick in, I know him.
Look son, now is not the time to make rash decisions but to make smart decisions.
Have some patience..
But dad..
It’s my promise to you that I will talk to them regarding your marriage with Sitara
and I will not give up until they get convinced.
Trust your father and right now, it is very important for you to go to Dubai.
Try to understand the situation.
I am here so you go. Just go and get ready.
I am here for you. Good boy.
Everything will be fine.
Quickly, we’re getting late for the airport.
Good that his and Sitara’s story ended.
Babar.. Babar, please have some water. You are very angry right now,
please don't torture to yourself.
For the love of God please be quiet for sometime, don't talk too much.
I can understand that you're angry right now.
You have a lot of anger inside of you
and you feel helpless that you can't do anything about it.
Do one thing, take your anger out on me, I won’t say a word.
For the love Of God, can you please be quiet? Can you not understand?
Babar I was just..
Then don't stay with me.
Why are you staying with me?
Listen, be quiet before I say something that I would regret.
Quiet.
My head is hurting right now!
Should I massage it for you?
Let me be! You’re after my life.
: I'll bring up a painkiller for you then..
Do you really want to do something for me?
Then do one thing, get me some poison
so that I die once and for all and all these problems come to an end.
Babar..
Mom, brother beat Danish brother so brutally and misbehaved with api also.
He has become so bad.
You have a lot of homework to do, go and do it.
No, I’m fine here. I'm not doing any homework.
Api, how much more will you cry? Should I bring water?
This wouldn't have ever happened if you would have been here. Where have you gone?
To Chanda.
God knows till when will life keep testing me.
What has happened?
She lost her child.
She is living a very torturous life.
The conditions we are living in are nothing compared to the torture Chanda is facing.
They have started beating her also.
What do I do to bring peace to my children’s life.
I had thought of bringing her here but..
Make way..
Here you go api, have water.
Actually I was looking for the medicine box,
Babar has a headache so where is it kept?
There is a box lying above the fridge, it has medicines inside. Take it from there.
Okay.
She is much worse than brother..
Don’t say that.
Now she’ll brainwash brother against Chanda now, you’ll see.
Did you go to Chanda api?
How is she?
You wanted to bring her here right? She didn't come?
Why are you eating food here?
You will get me scolded by madam.
Only masters get to eat food here, not servants.
You’re a servant of this house now.
Pick up your food and take it inside the kitchen.
What are you looking at? Get going.
Sure.
Where did he go without telling me?
I’ll call him, I have to tell him something important.
Hello Babar, where did you go without informing me?
I am out for some important work.
I have to tell you something important..
Whatever it is, tell me once I'm back home. I don't have time right now.
He cut my call?
And what about the important thing I have to tell him?
Only God knows when he’ll be back. How will I be able to keep it in for so long..
Quiet! Our respect?
What about the shamelessness you were doing standing over there which I saw from my own eyes,
I had gone to the state agent,
I gave him the advance and the security.
That’s good.
What has happened to you?
Nothing..
Something has happened but anyways,
what was that important matter you wanted to discuss for which you had called me for?
Actually..
What? Tell me.
Mom!
Babar…
Mom!
Babar, listen to me…
Leave me! Why did you go to meet Chanda?
Listen to me…
Why did you go…? Quiet!
Don’t speak in between now!
You tell me.
How many times have I told you that you aren’t supposed to meet Chanda?
Why did you go? Why did you go! Respond to me!
Don’t you understand anything?
Do you know you’re the reason behind the destruction of this house?
Only you!
Dad also passed away because of you!
But I always held myself back and never said it to you.
I have saved this house from breaking!
Why don’t you speak? Respond to me!
What do you want? Do you want me to die like dad? Should I take my own life?
Stop it, Bhai.
Mom didn’t commit a sin.
She only went to meet her daughter, that’s all!
Babar: She isn’t anyone’s daughter!
The girl who put our respect at stake and ran away, she isn’t anyone’s daughter!
Really? Is running away and getting married that big of a sin?
Then what did you do? What difference is there between you and Aapi?
She ran away and got married and you made someone else run away and got married
I will break your face!
Enough!
I’ve had enough!
I will go to meet Chanda! She’s my daughter, I have all the rights!
You can do whatever you like!
Let him do whatever he wants to do.
I would also like to see how much poison there is inside of him!
You put a slap across my face for Chanda?
I’m sick of hearing people talk!
I won’t let all this happen in my dad’s house.
That’s why you go with them. Go and live in Chanda’s house!
We’ll go to her!
But I cannot tolerate any more of this injustice with my children!
What happened? I thought you guys were about to leave.
Why haven’t you left yet?
What do you want?
What do you want… that I leave you at the door myself or that I push these two out of here?
Because I am a bad person anyway.
I will always be the bad guy in your eyes, no matter how much truth I speak. Right?
Bhai, what has even happened to you? Why are you misbehaving so much with Mom?
Leave him!
Get out! Get out! Get out of here!
Babar. Babar….
I won’t see any more of you all’s shamelessness! Get out of here!
Oh you, leave me!
They’ll all go!
Leave my way.
Why’re you distancing yourself from me and torturing yourself?
Who are you to ask me that question? What’s your worth?
You’ll only see your Chanda when you remove the curtain of hatred.
My Chanda is dead
and now you’re just a maid of this house.
My mom has kept you in the house, you should be grateful to her!
What do you think of yourself?
What do you think of yourself!
I’ve been apologizing since so many days,
listening to everybody’s tantrums, baring everything.
Just so you get convinced and accept me.
But you don’t even look towards me.
Whatever happened was
because of you and your parents! They’re the only ones to blame!
I hate you. I hate you! Do you understand?
I am the one who should hate you!
Did you forget, yeah? Did you forget? Should I remind you? This.
his was that place, right? You fought with me over here, right?
My foot slipped and you killed my child!
Because of you my child died. My child died!
What do you want…
Do you want to die?
Yes, I want to die! Kill me with your hands!
Strangle me!
But I cannot tolerate this hatred of yours. Don’t hate me so much.
Don’t hate me. Don’t hate me! I cannot tolerate your hatred!
Where are you going? Listen to me!
I can’t hate you. Don’t hate me. I can’t tolerate it. I can’t tolerate it….
Hold on, I’m coming!
One minute.
Oh, Sitara?
Sister in law, you?
At this hour?
Come, come. Come. Come, come.
Come.
Everything’s fine sister in law, right?
Uncle, Bhai has kicked us out of the house.
What?
Babar did it?
Is he out of his mind?
Come with me. I’ll come and talk to him…
No. There’s no need to talk.
But my child…
Sitara is right.
That’s up to you but… alright, no worries.  Kids, you don’t have to get worried.
This is also your own house.
Come, come. Everything will be alright. Come, come. Come. Come, sister in law.
It’s not an issue.
Come, come. Come.
Come, come. Come.
Babar….
Assalam o Alaikum, Wajid uncle.
Walaikum a Salam, how are you?
IT had been a lot of days so I thought of checking up on you guys. Where is Babar?
Babar is here only but…. He’s really tense.
And I cannot see him like this.
He’s tensed? What… what happened?
Wajid Sahib whatever’s happened is very bad.
Mom went to Chanda’s house to meet her.
Babar created a scene in this house when he found out about it.
The fight got so worse that Babar kicked Mom, Zain and Sitara out of the house.
What?
Has he gone mad that he’s kicked her mom and sister out of the house?
you don’t get worried. I’ll come. In fact, I’ll bring them home with me.
How can he kick them out like that?
No, no! You don’t come at this hour.
Babar is very furious right now. You can come in the morning.
Alright. I’ll come in the morning. Alright. Allah Hafiz.
Has he gone mental or what? What does he keep doing?
Sister in law, I just can’t believe
that Babar could stoop this low.
He has hurt a mother’s heart. He’ll never stay happy.
Don’t say that.
HE hasn’t hurt my heart.
May Allah always keep him happy.
I can understand, sister in law.
No matter how bad a child does,
his mother will always only pray for him.
But what do I do, sister in law?
I have seen you ruling that house and now....
Now,
I mean Bhai Sahib had kept you like a queen and your own son left you out on the streets?
He took away the house, that too from his mom?
Only Allah can have mercy.
May Allah have mercy!
But you don’t worry. I’ll do everything in my capacity.
I’ll go and check the room. I’ll put a mattress for you guys.
Aapi?
When will I grow up?
What’s the rush to grow up for?
Because you look very nice with all the innocence.
I want to grow up soon.
So I can be your support and take revenge from Bhai.
What is this that you’re saying?
Bhai has done us very wrong. I feel like killing him!
Don’t say such things again.
Come on. Close your eyes and go to sleep.
Son, have milk.
No, mom. I don’t feel like having milk at all.
Son, you will have to have milk if you don’t eat your breakfast properly, right?
I am keeping it here.
Where is Sitara?
She just came to you.
To me?
Muraad, I can’t find Sitara.
What are you saying, sister in law?
Sitara is not some small girl who’ll get lost. She must be here somewhere.
She isn’t here! I’ve checked the entire house. My heart keeps sinking!
Zain! Sitara was with you, right?
Yes. She was with me in the room only but she left from there a long time ago.
Did she say something to you before leaving?
No, no. She didn’t tell me anything. But she was very angry too.
I think that she may have gone to Babar’s?
Oh Allah! What trial is this?
I’ll go see.
No, no. I’ll go.
Mom! Should I come with you?
Son, you stay here with your uncle.
I’ll just be back.
Sister in law! Be careful.
You didn’t do a nice thing, Babar!
You didn’t do the right thing.
I mean, why did you even let your mother and sister leave the house?
Anyway, what’s done is done.
You go and bring them back to their house.
Tea.
I’ll check.
What have you come here for now?
I’ve come to see how much peace you are in after taking away the house of a widowed mother.
And I’ve also come to see
if your life has gotten any better by leaving your orphan siblings out on the streets?
After what you two have done with us, our lives haven’t been any easier either.
The stain of disgrace and insult that you’ve given to me
has left me hiding face from the world forever.
And mom? What did she do?
She has only cared for you guys.
She doesn’t even care about my respect and honor.
Wow!
Kicking your widowed mother out of the house
must have gotten your name some respect, right?
Is your honor safe now, after leaving your young sister and innocent brother helpless?
Sitara!
Babar, keep your anger in control. Don’t worsen the matter!
Do you see that?
Do you see how her tongue works like a scissor?
I won’t spare you, I’m telling you!
Have you gone mad?
What will you do?
You want to kill me, strangle me? Do it.
But remember one thing. Doing bad to us won’t do any good to you either!
Sitara!
I’ll break your face if you utter another word out of your mouth!
There’s no need to respond to her. Leave it.
Babar, she’s constantly speaking rubbish and you’re asking me to stay quiet?
I told you to stay quiet, right!
What is this that you guys are doing? And why?
She’s your real sister, not some stranger. And look at her condition.
She’s gotten completely weak because of all the crying.
Have some empathy at least.
The way she’s uttering poison for me…
she just can’t be my sister.
And you listen to me, Sitara.
The way Chanda died for me, you have too.
Now get out of my house before I end up doing something wrong.