Should I cut more?
Zain! Go and rest in your room.
Listen! Take these. And have all of the apples.
Who were you speaking to on the phone last night?
Me?
Umm... no one?
Who is Shahab?
He’s..
my friend.
We both like each other and we want to get married.
What?
Yes.
Oh god mama,
I’ve told you guys so many times where they live, what they do.
I don’t know anything except the fact
that you two are going to Chanda’s house for my marriage proposal and that’s it.
How can we go to someone’s house uninvited?
Wow Sebi,
you made things easy for us
We will go to see our daughter in law
Really dad?
Umhm.
Oh wow.
You my problem so easy.
Mama, Chanda is a nice girl, you’ll like her.
What were thinking when you said that?
I am telling you, I won’t get my only son married to some ordinary girl.
Why do you worry?
My only son likes some girl so we must go and see her. We’ll go today in fact right now.
You go and get ready quickly.
Get ready..
Hello yes, have mom and dad reached?
Yes, they’re here.
They’re sitting in the drawing room.
Now look, I have done my part, you have to do yours now,
tell your mom and dad to fix the wedding date as soon as possible.
You don’t worry. I’ll to mom as soon as they leave.
Alright. I’ll wait for your call.
Khuda hafiz.
Okay, bye.
Chanda is just coming.
If you guys would have told us before coming then I would’ve asked her father..
We don’t need to call or anything or meet Chanda’s father.
My name is Ghafoor Counselor, I’m quite a twisted man.
I only came to this odd house under my sons insistence.
Oh yes and call, you’ll be the one calling my wife tomorrow
and you’ll refuse to this proposal, you.
And the children shouldn’t find out that we’re the ones who have asked you to refuse.
But sister..
No!
You and her are not equals, no need to make sister relations.
You’ve spoiled your daughter quiet a lot.
She roams around with my son on the streets, shameless!
What kind of a woman, what kind of a mother are you?
You’ve spoiled your daughter quiet a lot
She roams around with my son on the streets,
what kind of a mother are you?
You spoke nonsense about me to mom right?
That I talk to Shahab on the phone all night.
Why would I tell her sister ?
Our mom is smart,
even if we don’t tell her anything she understands everything herself.
We are not her mother, she is our mother.
Don’t try to act like my grandmother.
Mom’s telltale! So called favorite.
Then you become the favorite, I didn’t stop you.
No no, I don’t need to become one. You are one, that’s enough.
Did you see, Shahab sent his parents for marriage.
What were you guys thinking, that me and Shahabs relationship is ordinary?
No way. We are very special to each other.
You’ll see, Shahabs mother will hug with so much love that our mother will be shocked.
You were coming to call me right?
Take a look, I look nice right? Shall we go.
Chanda..
Yes?
They’ve left.
They left..
how can they leave like that?
I wanted to meet them.
They can’t leave without meeting me mom. What are you saying? I’ll go check.
They got a call. Maybe they had to be somewhere, that’s why they left.
They got a call? It had only been a little while since they had come.
They didn’t even see me and they left. I was just about to come.
Mom..
I hope you didn’t screw up..
What do you mean?
They were our guests, why would I screw up?
I told you they had some important work..
They had something important to do so they left..
So that’s okay.
They had something important to do.
They came for a marriage proposal so that’s fine. Mom talk to dad soon and say yes.
How can they leave without meeting me?
What if mom screwed up..
What’s wrong with you sister? Why do you think like that?
I think there’s something fishy from their side..
You be quiet!
There can’t be any problem from there In fact I sense something fishy going on from here.
They were such weird people.
God knows where Chanda has trapped herself.
Where has she been meeting that boy? Who is he?
They asked me to refuse,
she’s asking me to say yes soon.
Oh god, I can’t do anything. Mansoor will talk to Chanda now.
Chanda is his pride,
if he’ll find out all of this then he’ll be very upset.
I’ll have to handle this matter myself somehow
I can’t tell Mansoor.
So? You two went, how was it? How did you find Chanda?
Nice, nice, very nice.
Yes, I also had plans that I would make my daughter in law wear
my heirlooms when I see her for the first time but
we didn’t get to meet her..
Come on stop it.
What’s the big deal?
Why do we need to meet her when our son has picked the girl then that’s done.
No.. what..
Hold on.
And the bangles you want to make her wear,
you can give them to her as how many as you like after marriage when she comes.
No no, what do you mean dad?
You guys went and you didn’t meet Chanda?
Yes, actually her mother had some important work and her father was also not home..
Then you guys should have gone in the evening when everybody would have been home.
Yes, he’s right
But we’ll keep meeting each other now, we’ll sit across each other and chat.
You guys could’ve gone,
met everyone, things would’ve gotten official so I would’ve also been relieved.
Son, I also had the same wish.
We’ll go again tomorrow then. We’ll go tomorrow, your wish will come true.
I haven’t eaten anything since morning,
they also didn’t offer anything anyways you go get me something to eat.
Alright, I’ll go.
Father and son should also have a conversation.
I sent your mother because you know how women are.
Their house was ordinary, sort of old..
we didn’t even eat anything there, let that be.. that shouldn’t be discussed.
I’ll tell you something, you know your… what’s his name Ikram uncle.
It occurred to me from your wish, he used to recite a poetry saying..
I have a thousand girls, each one afflicts me so.
But although who afflicts me the most does not leave her house enough.
I hadn’t even seen your mother before marriage, you are quite lucky.
It’s okay, don’t worry. We’ll have a lot of meetings.
Yes miss Chanda, are you at peace now?
Mama and papa came to your house.
Yes but aunty and uncle left so early.
I really wanted to sit with them and talk.
I didn’t get a chance. They left even before I could come.
Yes, dad was saying your mama had to go somewhere..
My mom had to go somewhere?
Yes, according to dad.
Okay.
Yes, there was some death in the neighborhood. She had to go to the funeral.
Oh okay. And your father was also not home..
I’ll call you later okay?
Hello Chanda? Listen to me at least..
Yes?
Tell me, when are we meeting?
I’ll tell you. I’ll call you back and tell you.
Chanda..
Mom, you know that I don’t eat the roti we get from outside.
You bring it, I’ll make two for you at home.
At least tell me how many should I bring? Should I bring five?
Yes.
What did you say to her?
To who?
To Shahabs parents.
I said nothing.
Shahab called me just now,
you told them you had to go somewhere
and you told me that Shahab’s parents had to go somewhere that is why they left early.
Come, come on in. Come come.
Asalam o alikum!
Asalam o alikum. How are you?
I’m fine.
Mashallah, my heart prays for you whenever I see you with your children.
You stay busy with your children all the time.
May god keeps you happy and fulfilled.
Amen.
I can’t seem to see other children around.
Our older one I think is still not home.
The younger just stepped out
and I think Sitara must be there. Sitara! Here she is..
Asalam o alikum uncle.
Walikum Salam. How are you?
I’m fine.
Mashallah. How are your studies going?
They’re going good.
What are you planning to become in the future?
Architect engineer.
Oh wow
Mansoor I think she’s going to be taking care of our construction company in the future.
The children have big dreams and parents only wish to see them respectfully married one day.
Amen.
Take a seat brother. Go make tea Sitara..
Take a seat..
Please sit, I’ll be back..
Master sahib, you have to tell honestly whatever mistake there is..
But the stitching is absolutely fine
But there’s still some work left to do..
What is it? What’s worrying you which has made you sit so quietly.
What do I tell you?
Whatever that is bothering you. I’ll try to resolve it.
We have young girls in our house, why do you keep bringing Mr. Wajid home?
He’s a decent man
And it’s destiny that
his wife has gotten upset and is in London with the children, he’s all alone here.
He comes for a little while so he becomes happy among the children. What else..
Still Mansoor..
I’m the guardian of this house so I know who to bring him and who not to.
Trust me.
I made a mistake. I made a huge mistake.
I should’ve called them when dad was home. Mom screwed up everything.
Sister?
What is it? Say it.
I’ll tell you when you’ll stop pacing.
I stopped. Tell me, what is it?
Help with my homework.
Zain go away right now! I can’t help you with your homework!
Please sister?
I asked you leave! Why are you annoying me?
There’s only one math exercise, only one.
Don’t make me lose it! I’ll give you slap! Go!
what happened?
There’s only one math exercise I need help with, she’s not even helping me with that.
You should have asked me, I would’ve helped you.
He’s asking me help with the exercise.
I’m stuck here with my problems and he wants help with the exercise.
What do I do..
Give me your mobile.
What? Go away.
Give me your mobile.
What nonsense. Shut up! Give me my keys.
Look at this!
I say you give me my keys back!
It’s been going off since so long.
Did you talk to him?
I’m not going to talk to Mansoor about this proposal.
How do you expect things to go right if you are not even going to speak to him?
Chanda, it’s always better that we make relations with people who are of the same caliber as us.
They are very rich people.
You want to get me married to a beggar?
What are you saying?
This is how I am going to talk.
You have always had something against me. I don’t know why.
Don’t talk rubbish.
Alright. I won’t talk absurd.
You go and talk to father right now.
Call those people tomorrow. And fix the date tomorrow only.
You aren’t old enough to be giving me advices.
I will think about this and make a decision.
I do not need to think or understand anything, mother.
Because if I do get married, it is going to be with Shahab only.
Babar!
What happened?
Oh, my hand!
Brother, what happened?
Oh god! Go and call your father. Go.
Father!
Sit over here.
Let me at least breathe first. I will tell you what happened.
What happened! What happened, my son?
Um, there were 2-3 guys on a motorcycle
They… snatched my wallet and mobile phone on gun point.
Oh god!
Did you resist?
I was furious. What else could I have done?
Where, where did all of this take place?
In the street behind Umer’s house.
I would not have stopped. They parked their motorcycles in front of mine.
My son, you should not have resisted.
Whatever they were asking for, you should’ve given it to them. To hell with everything!
Brother, did you note down the motorcycles number plate?
Let’s go to the police and file and complaint.
No, no. No need to report to the police.
You get up now and come with me to the doctor.
No, no father. I am alright. I don’t need to.
He will keep saying that. Come on, pick him up.
Mother,
stop it.
Let me just go to my room.
I am thinking about how you must have felt when those boys surrounded you from all the sides.
I wish I was with you.
What’s wrong with you?
You think if you had been there
and they had misbehaved, I wouldn’t have fought back with them?
Your father has made you understand, right?
There is no need for you to respond back to anyone.
This is how the problem turns bigger.
And now you are not going to stay out all night.
If you don’t get back home by Maghreb, I will reach till Umer’s shop to get you.
Believe me. If you do come to Umer’s shop,
he will start bullying me.
He’ll tease me by saying that even though I have grown up, my mother still runs after me.
It is the mother only that comes after her children, to protect them.
I can bear any hurt for my children.
Alright now. There is no need to bear anything. I am tired right now.
I want to go to sleep. You also go and rest.
I am fine!
You are not fine
I am not going anywhere. I will stay here. Have this glass of milk.
No, no, no. I cannot have any more of this. I have had enough of it.
Let me lay down now. You are disturbing me now.
They got a call from someone. They probably had some work
Maybe that’s why they left. Father was telling me your mother had to be someplace else
It’s best to make relations with people who hold the same status as us.
They’re very rich people.
Mom..
He has gone to sleep and is better, you also go and have rest.
Did you talk to father?
Chanda...when did I get a chance?
Look at your brother's condition
What has happened to you mom? He is fine, nothing has happened to him.
You just needed an excuse to delay talking to father. You got it, right?
You didn't learn to talk properly...
Hmm...I am thinking and even understanding everything.
I am understanding everything mom.
You only think about Sitara
What do I think about Sitara?
That if I get married in a very good house, then from where will you get a good proposal for your second daughter?
You have gone mad.
You always think that I am mad
You always take Sitara's side...always
Chanda...
I am already tensed, please don't bother me further
Do you know mom...?
If dad wouldn't have been there on my side...you might have killed me long time back.
Hasn’t Babar woken up yet?
No.
What’s wrong? Why aren’t you having breakfast?
I don’t feel like it.
Look at yourself. Didn’t you sleep at all last night?
I did sleep.
You aren’t feeling well?
Nothing. Just worried about the children and their problems.
What about the children?
You are always praying. Recite the Ayat-ul-Kursi. If god wills, nothing will happen to the children.
I pray to god nothing happens to them.
Just like that, my heart is filled with fear.
You don’t seem like you’re feeling well. Come, let’s go to the doctor.
I am fine.
Then you at least take some rest.
I will go to sleep once you leave.
Sahiba,
please start taking care of yourself.
When you smile, the world seems to be moving. Otherwise everything stops.
Assalam-o-Alaikum, father.
Walaikum-a-Salam. It’s good that you are up.
Look at your mother, she isn’t feeling quite well today.
If you could look after the house today and let her rest.
Don’t worry, father. I will take care of everything.
Mother, mother! Why aren’t you talking to father?
I told you to talk to him yesterday as well. Why aren’t you talking to him?
What?
Yes, father?
Nothing at all. I was just asking mother if brother had eaten breakfast.
No, he hasn’t even woken up yet.
Make breakfast for him as well when you make it for yourself. And wake him up.
Sure.
Yes yes, Zahid Sahib.
No, I saw your call while I was on the breakfast table.
Yes, I am leaving my house right now. Okay. Okay. I am coming. In a while, if god wills.
Mom, Chanda’s brother Babar had an encounter with some thieves.
I was thinking if you and father could just go and see him… that would been nice.
Yes, son. Why not? We will go.
Actually, your father had a very important meeting today.
If he gets back in time and isn’t very tired, we will go for sure.
Anyway my son, now it is our duty to be there for them through all the good and bad times, right?
So, you don’t worry. We will go.
Thank you, mama.
Sitara, please don’t cry.
How do I not cry?
You should have seen bhai, the condition he was in.
Then you would’ve known how much pain he was in. His shirt was soaking in blood.
Look, Babar bhai is completely fine.
And crying over the time that has passed is like putting yourself through misery, right?
Bhai himself was in so much pain. When I saw him, I felt the pain too. What do I do?
Yes, he was. But all of yours’ prayers were with him too, right?
Now he is completely uninjured, amongst all of us.
What if something had happened to him god forbid, then?
Nothing happened.
If Babar bhai sees you crying like this, he will be even more worried.
And, I don’t like these tears in your eyes. Come on, wipe of these tears.
And if you don’t take care of yourself, how are you going to take care of him?
You go and meet bhai.
If I leave, will you start crying again?
No, my child. What was the need for you to fight with him?
Wah! What are you saying? I felt like taking their lives.
Look, son. The times have gotten worse. Take control of your anger.
How can I keep control? They brought their pistols and they starting saying...
Listen!
This tea that you have brought. Look at the way it looks. Take it back,
put some poison in it and drink it yourself…
However it is, drink it! I am not going to make any more of it.
I don’t even expect you to make it another time. Where is mother?
Huh! She’s sleeping. Carefree from the world.
Do you see this? Look at the way she’s speaking about mother.
Not care freely. She had been up all night worrying over my problem.
Yes, yes. She can see everyone’s problems. But no one in this house can see mine!
What is she saying? Do you see how ill-mannered she has become?
Yes, yes. I am ill-mannered. I am crazy. I am out of my mind!
Everyone in this house keeps calling me ill mannered!
I have been explaining these things to everyone in this house but nobody believes it!
What has happened to you?
I am trying to explain to you that you need to get hold of your anger.
Look, Babar. You are now the head of the family. You need to realize your responsibilities.
Come on, drink it.
This is such a bad tea, uncle.
Drink it, it’s okay.
Hello!
What happened?
Why is my Chanda Rani’s mood so off?
This tiny face? What’s the issue, say it!
Thank god. At least someone knows that I’m upset. Nobody in the house cares about me.
Whether someone figures it out or not.
Your uncle is always here to take care of his Gurya Rani.
To ask about her issues. Now hurry up, tell me. What’s the issue?
There is no issue. Everything is alright.
Alright,
are you sure?
Should I lock your answer?
Okay, listen to me. My Chanda Rani will always remember this.
Whenever in life, if there is any difficulty, any problem,
you will always tell your uncle about it. You will always tell me.
Then you will see how your uncle fixes all your difficulties in a snap of fingers.
Any problem! Hmm?
Alright, let’s play a game. Close your eyes and open your mouth.
Uncle!
Eyes closed!
Open your eyes.
Uncle, I have grown up. Chocolate?
You can grow as big as you’d like.
But for your uncle, you will always remain the small and tiny Chanda Rani.
Long live. Always happy.
Come on, let it be. Your hands will hurt.
I’ll stop when they begin to hurt.
Let me get up. I have to go and look over the kitchen.
I have done all the work. The dinner is also made.
What is Babar doing?
Uncle is over. And Danish.
Did you ask tea?
Yes. Sister made it.
I don’t know what kind of pain this is. It just won’t end.
You are not just worried about bhai.
I would tell if there was just one problem.
Right now, the biggest problem for you is sister, right?
You don’t want her to get married where she wants to.
Have you seen that guy?
You must know something! Where do they meet, how long have they known each other?
No, mother. I just heard them talking once. And the moment I heard it,
I came and told you about it.
How do I make this girl understand?
You also know it.
She won’t understand anything anyone tells her right now.
I suggest you to tell father about this
Get her married as soon as possible. Before she puts you through any more torture.
Alright. You don’t get into these things. Let me get up and go to the kitchen.
Listen...
Your phone is ringing
Hello
This is Shahab's mother speaking
Greetings! How are you?
Leave this that how am I...
Tell me that what we told you do, why it hasn't been done yet?
Actually I am not feeling well
What do mean that you are ot feeling well?
What happened you guys haven't gone yet?
Yes yes...
I just wanted Chanda...
Okay
As you wish?
Hello..?
Mom, what happened? You didn't go yet?
Son...what will we do after going there?
It was her mother's call
They have refused from the proposal