Brother, where were you? Mom was getting so worried….
Who is this girl?
This… Her name is Erum. And… I have gotten married to her.
What?
What is this nonsense Babar?
I am not talking nonsense uncle, this is the truth.
Today is dad’s fortieth day after death and you’re saying you’ve gotten married to her?
It didn’t even occur to you about what people will say.
Why should we care about people? They say whatever they like,
we can’t stop them from talking. I was very helpless..
What? What made you so helpless that you had to get married today only?
Babar, the soil of your father’s grave hasn’t even dried yet and you’ve gotten married?
I can’t believe you did this!
Uncle, at least listen to me..
What?
What is left to be said and be heard?
Have you forgotten how your father raised you? For this day?
My brother’s soul must be writhing today.
I haven’t done anything which will make his soul writhe
I haven’t sinned uncle.
I have only given dependence to an orphan,
unbacked girl who did me a favor in fact did all of us a favor.
Do you know who gave the money for the hospital bill? Erum!
All you could find was today to repay all the favors?
I know today wasn’t the right time or place to do all this
but I was helpless, what could I have done?
If you all can’t accept his decision of mine then that’s okay.
I will leave this house and go.
Let’s go Erum.
Hold on!
You won’t go anywhere.
This girl is this family’s respect, you will live here now.
Sister in law! How can..
Take her inside..
Let’s go..
Today she said that this girl is this family’s respect so easily..
Then what else could have aunty said in that situation?
She should have given him a befitting reply!
She has made Babar egotist, he doesn't listen to anyone!
He didn’t even respect today’s date and got married!
And all she did was watch the show quietly!
Dad, you know Babar..
If he would have left the house then the problem would have gotten worse
and besides getting married isn’t a sin.
What? What did you say?
You mean to say whatever he did was right?
He didn't ask nor did he tell us. God knows who the girl is and where he got her from.
Dad, whoever she may be, she is his wife now and your daughter in law.
No, not at all.
She means nothing to me.
She is my sister in law’s daughter in law.
And besides there’s nothing left for me in that house after my brother.
From now on I will not interfere in their family matters, no way.
Dad, what are  you saying? You are the elder of the family now.
No! No way!
She is the elder of the family, whose decisions take place.
She destroyed her children.
My brother couldn’t show his face to anyone because of her
and my brother left this world having grief in his heart.
I don’t know, I don’t know how much more distress will we have to see from that family.
God knows what kind of era we are living in..
Suddenly he came and said that she’s your daughter in law.
Accept it. I don’t accept it, no.
I wanted to speak to you mom..
You’ve already done what you wanted to do,
what is left to say now?
I know what you're going through..
But trust me, I was helpless.
What made you so helpless?
Forget about telling your mother,
you didn’t even respect your father’s fortieth day after death.
God knows what kind of girl from god knows what family you married and brought home.
She has no family,
the poor thing is an orphan.
She’s an orphan, not you.
You could have at least spoken to me.
What did you think? That i wouldn’t have understood you?
Or that I wouldn’t have supported you?
I would’ve picked a nice occasion
and I would have gotten you married in front of a few people with respect.
I didn’t have time mom.
Trust me,
I had no such relationship with her before today, before this marriage.
In fact, she was engaged.
She used to just work with me and she was sitting with me
and her fiancé showed up.
God knows what he thought, he came and threatened to kill her.
You tell me what could I have done in such circumstances?
If I would have sent her home then her family would have killed her
and if I would have left her alone then she would have killed herself.
You tell me, I only saved her life. Did I do something wrong?
Stay happy
Start of a new journey..
I’m just afraid of you getting stuck in a deep issue.
Take care..
Nothing will happen.. Nothing will happen to me.
I just wanted to say to you that now
she’s here, please talk to her with love.
Try giving her a chance..
Please keep sitting.
I don't know where to start from, how to start..
I know you must be feeling weird.
You came home for the first time today and
my family spoke to you in such a bad manner
but it’s not their fault.
All of us have seen so much sadness in such a short span of time
that they weren’t able to digest this news.
At first because of Chanda running away
and then dad passing away from that shock.
Today is dad’s fortieth day after death and we had to get married because of our compulsion.
So will she live in this house now?
Of course, she is your sister in law. All of us will live together.
We didn’t decorate the house nor was there any wedding procession.
We had so much fun at Ahsan brother’s wedding.
We went in a bus to get the bride. Why didn’t we go to get my brother's bride?
We had gotten busy in other matters.
It was your father’s fortieth day after death, that’s why.
You go on and do your school work. You have to go to school tomorrow,
you have so much homework left.
Did he have to do all of this today?
How can he be so selfish, I can't believe it.
He has only gotten married quietly.
So quietly that he didn't even let his mother know.
Your brother has grown up, he is independent now
He has the right to get married
And he likes Erum,
we shouldn't have any objections if she can keep them happy.
Really? That means whatever brother did was right..
He didn't do anything wrong also.
If all this is right then whatever aapi did, what was that?
She also had the full right to make a decision for herself.
She had also gotten married.
Then why was there so much hate for her?
No parent can hate their children.
It’s the society which makes you helpless by taunting you.
One needs to do certain things in order to save face.
Society, people, respect, where did all these things go now?
Nobody said anything, nobody gave any taunts.
Brother even got a place to stay with his wife.
Erum doesn’t have anyone, the poor thing doesn’t have parents.
Daughters then should be called parentless
even if they have parents or even if they don’t just like Aapi .
But you are a member of this family now
and because of that you have many responsibilities now.
I would want you to win my family’s hearts by your good behavior and good nature.
And trust me,
I understand how important the wedding day is for a girl.
If her happiness gets ruined because of other people’s circumstances then
grief must be a lot.
Your issues and these relationship problems of yours ruined such a beautiful time of my life
What happened to you? What are you thinking about?
No, nothing.
Are you happy?
Yes..
Stop it Sitara.
All you talk about is Chanda.
What I’m saying is correct
and this should reach brother and if you don’t tell him then I will.
For the love of God stop it!
I have only a few years left to live, that too you all aren’t letting me live in peace
I am tired now!
I am not that young that I would be unable to see your suffering,
affliction, sacrifices, I understand all of it.
Which is why i want my brother to understand as well.
Just like he’s your son, your child, Aapi is also your daughter.
Your father used to say that Chanda is dead for us..
If he would have been alive today
then would he have said the same for what brother did?
Would he have ended his relationship with him also?
Would he have kicked him out of the house as well?
Sitara, don’t say all of this..
What if your brother hears all this..
He’s who is Zain and your shelter,
he’s the only one who is your support now.
God forbid if he gets upset then he might leave the house.
It will take some time but everything will be fine.
Assalam o Alaikum.
Walaikum a Salam.
What are you thinking about?
Sitara, bring breakfast for your brother.
Erum isn’t awake yet?
No, the poor thing didn’t sleep all night.
She was very embarrassed..
Tell her there is no need to be embarrassed.
Mom, i hope you don’t feel that
i will run away from my responsibilities now that I’m married.
What needs to happen, happens on its own.
God has made a person his own dependent, not of others.
If he wants he can bless us with noble children and fill our lives with happiness
and if he wants he can give us disobedient children and make it an ordeal for the parents.
I’ll bring breakfast for you..
What is your problem after all?
Everyone is waiting for you at breakfast. Why don’t you come downstairs?
Why don’t you sit with everyone?
I’m not hungry. Go away from here.
I am sick of this attitude of yours
What do you want after all? What is this house lacking?
Why don’t you ask this question from yourself?
What do I ask? Tell me, what do I ask?
Yesterday was dad’s 40th day after death!
You knew that I couldn’t go there, because of you!
You should’ve been there with me,
you should’ve spent time with me but you didn’t come!
I waited for you all night, I called you and you didn’t even talk to me
And you’re asking me what’s wrong?
So what should I have done?
What’s the big deal if I spent one night sleeping in my mom’s room!
There is no big deal about it!
I have never stopped you! You can talk to her,
sleep with her or spend an entire day with her but yesterday was dad’s 40th!
You should’ve been with me
because I couldn’t go over there because of you and your family!
And I didn’t go, right?
And you weren’t there either!
How insensitive are you!
You have changed a lot, Shahab.
You aren’t what you were before.
Enough! Enough!
Don’t you test my patience!
If you want to live in this house, you will have to live according to its rules!
The choice is yours
Erum, come sit with us.
How did you like the house?
Yes, aunty. It’s very nice.
Look, now you are my daughter just like Sitara is.
Call me mom.
Yes, mom.
Is there any problem that you’re facing in the house?
No.
Sitara! Have a conversation with your sister in law.
She’s new in the house. She must be stressed. Be friends with her.
Don’t feel bad about this.
Actually, everything was very sudden.
That’s why she’s also feeling weird.
She’ll mingle with you herself in no time.
Actually, the way you two have gotten married and the way you have come here….
Nobody has liked it.
But things will fall into place with time.
Forget what’s done and has passed!
Start over your life. This is your home now.
I will try my best.
You aren’t my daughter in law now, but my daughter.
If you have any troubles or any issues, you can talk to me like you would to your mother.
Don’t hesitate.
Alright, go freshen up. I will make breakfast for you.
Umer! Umer, what is all this? The shop is all messed up outside,
and the workshop is also destroyed! What has happened?
Don’t act so dumb!
You know it very well that all of this has happened because of you!
Umer, what are you trying to say? Be frank!
Where is Erum?
Erum? Erum… is at my house.
You know that you can’t take a girl, a girl who’s a stranger….
She isn’t a stranger!
I have married her, she’s my wife.
You have married her?
Babar, you have gone mad!
Umer, try to understand what I am telling you.
She was going through a very difficult time. She was going to commit suicide.
I did all this to save her life!
Babar, don’t forget that she works here
and I am responsible for any mishap!
What do you mean?
What I mean is that you ran off with a girl and married her!
Today, for the first time in life,
I was humiliated in the market, only and only because of you!
And Erum’s family has done this to me, only because of you!
I am sorry, friend.
You go from here before her family comes over here again and any bloodshed takes place!
Umer, at least try to understand what I am saying. Hear me out once.
I told you, right? Go away from here!
You were acting very respectable when it was about your sister.
You used to pull peoples tongues out…
Enough!
It’ll get very ugly if you utter a single word from your mouth about my sister!
Look, Babar! For god sake, go away from here!
I am folding my hands in front of you!
After that, it’s between you and Erum’s family. But please, have mercy on me!
Assalam o Alaikum, dad!
Walaikum a Salam!
Is everything alright? How come you’re back so early today?
The news is such, dad that I came running!
Did you get married too?
Stop it, dad. Does your son look like that to you?
Oh, you can expect anything from today’s generation!
You won’t ever find out what they’re up to!
Anyway… you tell me, what’s the good news?
Dad, I got an email from Dubai saying that they have chosen me for the job again!
Oh, wow! This is a very good news!
Many congratulations to you! Many many congratulations!
Ma sha Allah! I always knew that my son was very illegible!
It’s all due to your blessings, dad.
All my blessings are for my son!
Now, I hope you don’t forget about your poor father
while you enjoy the glamorous life in Dubai!
What are you saying, dad? Is that even possible?
Alright, tell me this. When do you have to go?
I have to go this week only.
Oh! So soon?
I’ll get my visa in two or three days and after that, I will have to leave immediately.
Alright. To tell you the truth, this house will be completely empty once you’re gone.
Dad, I am doing all this for you and this house. You just don’t be sad.
Go carefully! I will pray that you settle as soon as possible!
Once you’re settled, call your dad!
What will I do without you alone in this house?
Dad, you don’t worry. I will call you soon!
Come on. Get your mouth sweet. With a biscuit!
Sitara, are you upset with me?
Why did you think so?
I have been noticing
that you seem upset ever since I have come to this house.
There’s nothing like that.
Alright, come on. I’ll help you prepare the food.
No. There’s no need for that. You take a rest.
Alright, at least tell me what does Babar like to eat the most?
That’s strange.
You got married to brother but you don’t even know what he likes to eat?
Actually…. Everything happened so suddenly
that I couldn’t even get a chance to find anything out.
Indeed.
Everything happened so quickly that we didn’t even get a chance to know anything
On one side, there was a prayer meeting for dad
and on the other side was his son’s wedding took place.
Sitara!
I’ll be there, mom!
Who gave you these clothes?
I am asking you something. Why don’t you respond to me!
You haven’t been able to wash these four clothes by now?
You have to wash these sheets too!
And make sure you don’t mix them with the white clothes!
Mom, it’s hurting a lot.
I’ll wash these sheets later. I have no energy right now.
What war have you won?
You have only washed four clothes!
Don’t you feel sorry for me?
I’ll feel even weaker if I wash these heavy sheets in such a condition.
There’s nothing special about that, Chanda!
All the women do these house chores in this condition!
They do. Indeed, they do. And I am doing it too.
But I am not feeling well
and it’s hurting that’s why I told you I’ll wash these sheets later.
I don’t want to hear anything!
All these clothes must be washed today! That’s it!
What are you taking this revenge for? Why are you doing this?
How many times have I told you to keep your volume down?
Don’t talk to me in that tone!
This is my house! Not your fathers!
And how many times have I told you?
Not to bring my deceased father in between!
Don’t you understand that?
I am the one at fault, right? I am the one who’s not working, right?
Then say whatever you have to say to me!
Next time if you say anything about him, there won’t be anyone worse than me!
How dare you! You’ll argue with me? Threaten me? Yeah?
I am not threatening you. I am warning you!
If you say anything to my father, I won’t take it!
Just because I stay quiet and don’t say anything, you don’t think of it as my weakness!
I also very well know how to misbehave!
Next time, don’t even mistakenly say anything to my father!
I am living in this house nicely, right?
Then let me! Do you understand!
This girl….. How dare you!
I will make sure you repent a hundred times!
You’ve put bruises on me, right?
Now you watch what I do to you!
I’ll destroy you! Damage and destroy!
Assalam o Alaikum.
Walaikum a Salam. Is everything okay? Why are you back so early?
Yes, yes. Everything is alright.
Actually, my work had finished so I thought I would just come home.
Why do you look tensed?
I am not tensed. Actually… I wasn’t feeling well. My head was aching a lot so I came.
You work day and night. You should take care of yourself.
Come, let me give you a massage.
No, mom. There’s no need for that
I’ll take a medicine, it will be fine.
Don’t forget to eat it!
And there’s no need to go back to work. Rest in your room.
I’ll send tea!
There’s no need for that. I am going to sleep.
Since when have you become so inefficient?
You haven’t been able to find out his house address till now?
I should know about those two in today’s date!
Do you get it?
I say, let’s go and give a dose to his friend one more time.
How will he not tell us his address then?
Yes, dad? I am coming, I am coming.
Babar,
water.
At least tell me something. What has happened? Everything is fine, right?
Your family came to the office trying to look for you.
What!
Did they misbehave with you?
No, they didn’t say anything to me.
But they created a scene over there and even hit Umer.
He’s very furious right now.
He has even told me to not come to work again.
Babar, you don’t worry.
God will make everything better.
A hundred doors open when one door closes.
You… you start your own work!
It’s not that easy.
Babar, no work is easy.
But if you have the courage and if you work hard, every task becomes easy.
What humans say is right.
That only a wife is her husband’s shield.
Water.
But this shield is very weak in front of these very same people.
I don’t know what storm is going to come when those people….
How dare that cheap girl!
She twisted my wife’s hand? I won’t spare her!
Oh, oh, oh! Where are you going!
I’ll hold her braids and kick her out!
There’s no need for that!
You’re going to ruin the entire game if you react so aggressively!
I have just gotten a chance.
Now, you see. My politics!
Politics? But why are you stopping me? What do you want to do?
By putting these bruises on my hand,
she has stamped her way to the destruction of her life!
Now you’ll see the wonders these bruises cause! You just sit and watch the show.
Shebi has come.
No, no! You don’t call him!
His family life will get ruined!
It’s important for me to talk to him.
He’ll get worried…
I… I’ll talk to him. I’ll call him….
No, no!
What happened?
Oh, son. When did you come?
What happened, is everything alright?
Chanda is fine, right?
Yes! Yes.
Then what is it?
Nothing! Nothing at all.
There is something, mama.
No, no. There isn’t anything.
What happened to you?
Nothing, son.
Nothing, son.
Mama, show me. For my sake, show me!
How did this happen?
Your wife, Chanda. Actually…
What do you mean Chanda?
Dad, what do you mean by Chanda?
Just some tussle between the mother in law and….
Scuffle…
Chanda did this?
That’s not what she meant to do…
Chanda! Chanda!
You’re back?
Come with me!
Where are you taking me!
Come!
What are you doing? Leave me!
Come with me!
Leave me!
Come with me!
I say, leave me!
Come downstairs with me!
Leave me!
What did you do?
Why don’t you go and ask your mummy?
Just respond to the question I have asked!
Only she can give you a better response to this!
Chanda, don’t forget that she is my mother!
She may say anything. You have no right to misbehave with her!
She doesn’t have any right to misbehave with me either!
She keeps talking ill about my mom and dad all the time!
Dad isn’t even in this world anymore
but even then, she blames him for every other thing!
You make her understand, I won’t hear a word against my father otherwise…
What are you saying?
That I should explain to her? Won’t you understand!
You don’t understand what I am telling you!
Enough!
She’s my mother!
I could’ve never imagined that you would hurt her!
I didn’t do anything!
Now, come with me and apologize to her!
I haven’t done anything! She’s the one who slapped me!
Are you going to apologize to her or…
Otherwise what will you do? What will you do? Hit me? Hit me!
: Should I tell you what I can do?
I haven’t done anything!
Should I tell you what I can do!
Chanda!
Chanda!
Chanda!
What just happened!
Chanda! Dad, take out the car! Take out the car!
Dad, take the car out fast!
Shebi, what has happened to her?
Mama!
Chanda….
Hurry up!