Thank god it was a dream..
Let’s go inside.. You should rest.. You have such a high fever. Let’s go inside, come..
It’ll be fine..
You’re upset with me right?
Dad was also upset with me.. I couldn’t conciliate him.. I am so unfortunate, so unlucky..
You aren’t the one who is unfortunate,
it was dad who was unfortunate.
The person he loved all his life,
took his life away.
Mom, he has left because of me right?
Be quiet.
For the love of God Sitara, please be quiet.
Sorry..
Chanda, you haven’t eaten anything since yesterday. Here, have breakfast.
Eat it please..
Okay if you don’t want to eat this then let’s go one thing, have a little fruit.
Eat it.. please eat it..
Okay if you don’t want to eat fruit then drink this juice.
You can at least drink juice.. Here, hold it.. Chanda?
Chanda!
Drink the juice.
Chanda, what is your problem? Please eat something.
Chanda please.. Please eat! I’ll see how you won’t anything..
Shahab.. Shahab..
Mama, look at her.. she isn’t eating anything
What is this way of making someone eat food? If you want to make her eat, then do it with love.
Chanda, eat something..
Till when you will keep crying like this?
This will stay with you all your life now.
The people who have left don’t come back by crying. Good girl, be strong..
Chanda..
Look at what is happening to her please.. She hasn’t eaten anything since yesterday..
Shahab, don’t worry. She has lost her father, it will take time..
I am very worried. Please go and check on her, please..
Okay..
Dad came in my dream..
Babar..
I didn’t fight with your father..
Let it be mom, there’s no point of this discussion.
Wait.
Look at me,
have you ever seen me raising my voice with your father?
He was a heart patient, I used to stay scared about him taking tension of..
Knowing that, you used to still meet Chanda.
Chanda was dad’s dearest right?
Dad loved Chanda the most from out of us four
but he still stopped meeting Chanda.
Do you know why?
Because he was disrespected, his confidence and trust had been broken.
All he could hear was that, ‘Mansoor Ahmed’s daughter has run away, run away’!
How can a person survive in such a torture mom?
And dad also couldn’t stay alive,
he died when he shouldn’t have died! He had to stay alive for you, for us!
He had to witness our happy moments and what did you do?
You used to keep going to meet Chanda.
We told you a thousand times not to meet her but did you listen to me? Did you listen to dad?
I was helpless in front of my love for my daughter..
And a husband’s love?
You couldn’t remember a husband’s love?
A husband’s respect, a husband’s pride, he had no value for you right?
It’s not like that..
It is like that!
And stop it please, don’t do this drama because I saw it with my own eyes
when you were sitting and talking to Chanda at uncle’s house.
What did you think? Should I tell you? Because you won’t say anything right now.
You thought all these things will stay hidden, dad will never find out and when he found out
and when he asked you then you argued with him,
you forced him to go to Chanda’s in-laws and ask for forgiveness
and when he refused so you misbehaved with him on which he tried to raise his hand on you!
Muraad raised his hand not him..
Lie!
You are lying! Stop it! Don’t lie!
You aren’t believing on what your mother is saying?
I don’t believe on anything you have to say now.
I won’t spare Muraad for what he has done to my family.
Really?
Then listen to me mom,
dad is no more because of you
and uncle holds that place for me now
and if you try to cause any harm to uncle also
then you will lose this son of yours
but with that this son of yours will stand in front of uncle like a shield. Remember that..
Hello?
Where are you?
You were sleeping so I came to aunty’s.
You could have at least waited for me to wake up.
You can come here now..
Yes, I’ll come. Tell me, how is the situation there?
Everything is fine dad.
I know.. you are my son, my child.
You will present the bad also in a good way but I am asking about your aunty.
Dad, she’s totally normal.
Normal?
What do you mean by normal?
I mean to say, she is sad but it’s nothing like what you said.
I was talking about the mad behavior, god knows what all she was saying at that time.
Dad, do one thing, you come and take a look yourself.
Okay I’m coming, you take care of everyone. Good boy.
This woman should have created a scene by now, how come she is so normal?
Go away from here. Leave me alone.
I can’t..
I’m worried about you..
You’re worried?
That is why you raised your hand.
Will you punish me for this for the rest of our lives now?
What you did to me wasn’t right.
I was compelled to, and it was for the betterment of our child.
The child who hasn’t even arrived in this world yet, his betterment..
He is my life.
And me?
Chanda please..
Try to understand what I’m saying,
understand my helplessness..
I know whatever I did was wrong, I am wrong..
Your dad left and I couldn’t take you..
If I would have taken you then the doors of this house for you would have gotten closed forever.
I would have never been able to get you and my child the same respect and dignity,
which is your right.
I am not bad of a person..
Will you take me to the graveyard?
You know the answer to this question right?
You can at least take me to uncle’s house..
On one condition,
you will eat something first,
you will fix your appearance
and behave normally in front of mama and dad
then I’ll do something about this..
You took his love and kindness for granted..
Sitara, I am sad and I also feel anger towards myself.
I had never thought hell will come and go because of the one thing that I did
It must have passed for you, it will be hell for me till my very last breath
Sitara, forgive me..
My dad didn’t forgive me,
he left.. he closed his eyes, he left us forever..
How can I forgive you when I can’t even forgive myself?
Sitara I know what you’re going through..
I’m in such a bad condition myself and you’re his daughter after all.
Uncle fell weak after the whole Chanda incident and on top of that my SMS, he just got angry.
Angry?
What you’re seeing as anger was torture,
the torture of witnessing the second daughter’s betrayal after experiencing the betrayal of the first one.
I wish that wouldn’t have happened and if uncle had been here today
then you would have seen me begging for forgiveness
and also asking him your hand in marriage. He would have blessed us and with love…
Love! My love has been snatched!
You have snatched my love from me!
What are you trying to say by mentioning this, that I forget everything and start loving you?
So do you not love me?
Even if I ever did, I don’t anymore!
Sitara, don’t say that. I’ll die.
I am the one who should die. I should die now.
I can’t bare dad being upset with me.
I pray that Allah calls me to himself so I ask for forgiveness from my dad.
What do you think, that Mansoor didn’t forgive you? That he was upset with you?
Aunt…
What you said is right.
He really loved you. He used to trust you.
This was just temporary madness.
No, mom. When I went to him to apologize at night, he left…
He left. Right?
We were both up for a while after you left.
He was saying that he would soon speak to Muraad and Danish
and ask them to fix the date as soon as possible and take Sitara.
He was saying that there can’t be a better match for my Sitara than Danish.
Are you telling the truth?
I wish he was alive
and this thing would’ve turned true this evening.
I wouldn’t have been the one to tell this then.
Don’t live with any sort of misunderstanding. He wasn’t upset with you.
Mom!
Mom… We can never see him now. We can never hear his voice!
Sitara, we can see him in ourselves. Happy, smiling. We can hear him!
I had to yet learn to live life but you left?
It’s becoming difficult for me to look after everything.
Even then, I will try to live life the way you told me to.
I pray that Allah calls me to himself so I ask for forgiveness from my dad.
Forgive me, Mansoor.
She was praying for her death
so she could meet you once in the heavens above and ask for forgiveness.
My heart was in my fist so I lied to her and told her you weren’t upset with her.
She cried as if all her worries had gone away.
One lie brought peace to my daughter, while the other has left my son to become restless.
He’s upset with me. He doesn’t want to hear that his uncle….
Maybe he’s telling the truth only. I took your life from you.
I won’t say anything now. I will keep quiet. I can’t lose my son.
A mother may lose in this battle of life but a mother’s love can’t.
I will have to stay present in front of them
otherwise God knows what rubbish she’s going to brainwash the children’s minds with.
What if they turn against me?
Uncle, dad!
Stop it, my child. Enough.
Enough.
Missis!
Oh my one and only Missis!
You took a lot of time in coming home!
Oh, what should I do? This…
Move.
These people are of no use now. Their issues keep increasing.
Shake hands with them, hug them and talk to them too.
Politics isn’t easy! You have to lose your mind…
Shebi! Shebi!
He isn’t home.
Where is he gone?
He’s taken Chanda to the hospital!
Why didn’t you go with them?
My foot! He has spoiled her! I feel like banging that  head on the wall!
Has she broken her fast yet?
Madam also had her breakfast in the room
and the one who took the breakfast there was your favorite!
They haven’t gone to the hospital…
They must’ve gone to the hospital only. Where else would they go?
You don’t know politics!
I hate you! Go away from here!
Chanda is dead for us!
The voice that says that
Mansoor Ahmed’s daughter has run away keeps echoing inside my head all the time!
I pray that Allah calls me to himself so I ask for forgiveness from my dad.
Mom!
Mom! What are you doing!
I was fixing my room. I told you that I would do this, right?
Why are you so stubborn? You don’t listen to me!
Uncle, why dad! Why!
Enough, my child.
His time had come. Don’t cry. Pray for your father.
I was going to the graveyard only but you guys came over all of a sudden.
Actually, Chanda had to meet you that’s why…
You did a very nice thing, my son. The fact that you brought my daughter here, to me.
Uncle!
Uncle, you could’ve come, right?
You could’ve taken me. Why didn’t you come, uncle? You should’ve come!
How could I have come, my child?
Hell had broken lose on us. I couldn’t understand anything!
But uncle, how did all of this happen so suddenly?
It didn’t happen all of a sudden, my child. All of this didn’t happen all of a sudden.
What do I tell you?
Bhai Sahib was very happy
when he found out that his daughter’s in laws had finally accepted her. He was very happy!
He instantly said that he would go to your parents and apologize to them
and fix everything. But no. The same thing happened again.
Sister in law small ego and stubbornness!
I don’t understand, what does she want after all?
Shebi, son. The truth is that my brother left this world with the hope to see his children happy.
But what’s sad is the fact that you guys too, didn’t come to his funeral.
And you know about Babar. The extent to which sister in law has filled hatred in his heart.
Bhai Sahib kept witnessing drama throughout his life
but I didn’t want for that drama to follow his funeral too.
Sitara. Sit over here.
I know that this is a very difficult time that has come on us.
We had never thought that dad would leave us like this all of a sudden.
But I wanted to tell you that
you shouldn’t think that you’re left alone.
If there’s any worry in your heart or if you want to talk about anything, you can share it with me.
If dad isn’t here, it doesn’t mean that you have become an orphan.
I am not just your elder brother now but also your father.
That’s why if you have any problems or if you wish to talk about anything, you can with me.
I am your support, your shadow.
How can you become my support without giving any of it to mom?
When did I say that I won’t be her shadow?
You didn’t say it. But your attitude tells everything. Why are you doing this?
Why are you upset with mom? And that also in a time where she needs you more than any of us.
But I didn’t say anything like that, Sitara.
I felt it.
You’re getting worried for nothing.
This is something be worried about, Bhai.
I can’t see mom like this. She’s so unwell. She fainted in the morning too.
She was crying so much. It took me a while to get her to stop. How do I take care of her?
It’s nothing. There’s nothing like that. You’re thinking wrong.
Give her your support. Mom needs you.
We’ve lost dad, I don’t want to lose mom now. Please. Please, Bhai.
Sitara, we won’t lose her. Don’t worry, it won’t happen. I will look after mom.
One minute. One minute. Stop.
What happened?
My house is only at a little distance.
Let’s go home?
Chanda, we won’t go over there.
I promise we’ll be back soon.
We have no ties with that house now!
Your dad, who was your pride has left this world. It’ll be better if you understand this!
Sitara and Zain are there too, right?
But there’s mom and bhai over there to take care of them.
But…
No buts now, Chanda!
Chanda, we won’t go over to that house now and that’s it! Enough!
Mom…
Mom…
I went to the graveyard.
I got the whole grave covered with cloth.
Babar.
Don’t cry.
Pray for your dad. You… you are my brave son.
I am not brave.
I am not brave, I am a very bad son! If I think about it,
I think about the fact that I never listened to anything that dad said.
He kept saying stuff to me and passed away.
He kept saying to me that I should complete my studies but no! I didn’t listen to him.
And you! I misbehaved so much with you.
I can’t make sense of anything!
If I hear the things uncle tells me, my blood starts to boil.
And when I see you, my heart tells me that I should believe you.
I am going crazy!
I wasn’t ready for such a big responsibility, mom!
This has all happened because of Chanda!
All of it.
You can tell how heartless
she is by the fact that she didn’t even come to see her dad’s face for the last time!
You took her to the doctor, what did he say?
Nothing, he just gave some vitamins...
Okay! What vitamins?
Chanda knows, she has the presciption!
Go and get the presciption
She is sleeping right now
Wake her up and get it