Okay talk politely
Tell me that did api ever obeyed you?
Did she ever obey mom?
She has always forcefully done things through dad
Dad's love has spoiled her
It's not mother's fault at all
Api has opened doors of hell for herself for not obeying mom
Now you can see what do you have to do...
No!
My heaven is for all my kids
Here you go.. I can tell the food is delicious by the smell of it.
Why did you bring it? I would’ve gotten it myself.
No, that’s okay. Say Bismillah, start eating..
Has Danish come?
Yes, he’s in his room.
I’ll go call him..
No no, let it be. Actually Chanda, the thing is that Danish is a bit angry with you.
I made him understand and he understood. It’ll be better if you just try and not face him.
Did you speak to Shebi on the phone?
No.. I’ve been calling him since so long, he’s not picking up.
He said he’ll visit in the evening and he didn’t come.
I’m feeling agitated.. I don’t know what will happen..
Chanda don’t worry, my prayers are guarding you two. Inshallah nothing will happen.
And can I tell you something?
I am proud of my Chanda, of my daughter and her choice. Shebi is a very nice and decent boy.
Dad
Are you angry on me? Why don't you answer me?
No...I am not angry on you
You are my good son
You must be tired, go and sleep
Dad! Can I sleep with you?
Yes yes, why not. Come!
Come my son...
Dad, where has Chanda sister gone?
It's very late, go to sleep you have to go to school tomorrow as well
Mama sorry.. sorry.. please.. I am very embarrassed, mama please..
Shebi, I’ve always fulfilled your wishes since you were a child.
If your father wouldn’t have agreed, I would have still gone with you.
I would have gotten you married in front of myself
and I would have brought my daughter in law home in a magnificent way
but you didn’t trust me..
No mama no.. I had gotten scared. I had gotten scared,
I thought you two won’t let this marriage happen.
Son, a mother’s heart is like a candle,
it melts on little things and a mother can give big sacrifices for the happiness of her child.
I don’t know why and what deluded you and you didn’t trust even me.
Look, I am apologizing to you.. please.. please forgive me, please..
No son.. Promise me,
put your hand on my head and promise me that you won’t ever lie to me Shebi
and you will make me a part of every happiness of yours..
Promise, I promise you mama.
I won’t do anything in my life without asking you now..
Danish.. Listen to me.. Where are you going?
It’s better if you don’t talk to me.
Look everyone’s anger is understandable but think about me also,
god had given me the right of whatever I did.
Your parents also had some right on you.
You didn’t even think twice if they’ll be able to bear the embarrassment you caused them.
I had told mom, I had told her everything that Shahab likes me and he wants to marry me.
Uncle and aunty even came to talk about the proposal
but mom refused then tell me what would I have done?
Then you should have waited.
Ghafoor uncle went to dad also
and dad insulted him and will that poor guy keep on getting himself insulted?
You’re worried about his respect and you don’t care about the respect of your parents.
Why did you choose a proposal where there’s only disrespect and no respect?
I will get respect and that respect will be provided to me by Shahab.
Once her parents apologize I'll bring her home
And she will take good care of you
Insha Allah  son...
Whether they apologize or not, she will never come in this house
My son...
How are you feeling now?
Zain was telling me that you were quite restless the whole night.
Mansoor..
I can bear every problem of the world but I can’t bear your silence and resentment.
Please talk to me for the love of god.
What do you want from me?
Take the suspicion out of your heart
Huh! Suspicion..
This family faced doomsday in fact it hasn’t passed, it’s still ongoing.
My daughter ran away and got married
and you’re asking me to take the suspicion out of my heart..
I’m not to be blamed for that. How would I have known that she would take such a big step?
You’re her mother. Keeping an eye on everything is your responsibility.
I can’t accept it, how is it possible that you didn’t feel anything, that you didn’t see anything..
You’re also the father, she was closer to you than me.
You know that she didn’t bother about me knowing that I wasn’t oblivious about my children.
They had brought a proposal,
What would I have told you? Those people..
Mom..
Is everything okay?
I called you last night but you didn’t pick up.
I was getting so paranoid..
I was getting scared and wondering what happened to you..
I am talking to you.
What has happened? Why aren’t you answering me? Say something Shebi..
We made a mistake Chanda, a very big mistake.
why can’t you two let go of these things?
Do you know I don’t like living in this house, I feel affrighted!
I feel like running away
but then I wonder what will become of Zain and Sitara..
And god forbid if anything happens to any of you then what will become of us three..
Have you ever thought about that?
Dad I have one request from you that we, all of us have to fix the environment of this house.
Your parents didn’t want to participate in this wedding
but my parents were happy in my happiness.
I could have at least made them a part of it.
Yes, we didn’t think of that. You’re right..
We didn’t get a chance to think.
We decided in a rush out of our emotions.
but Chanda the way my mother was crying in agonizing pain last night,
I didn’t know what to do.. I just felt like rewinding the time somehow.
Take me to her once, I’ll ask for forgiveness.
I’ll do whatever she says,
Look Chanda, now your parents are going to be the ones who will go to my parents
and ask for forgiveness before you.
I have promised them that.
Asalam o alikum
Walikum Asalam. Here you go children, I didn’t forget to get your chocolates.
Thank you
There’s Chanda’s..
there’s also a packet for Chanda in this..
Go wash your face, go on.
Your husband is the one who is sick but you look more unwell than him.
How can it go on like this?
You have to get the children married,
you have to take care of him and you have many other responsibilities as well.
Both of you will have to show some strength okay?
you take rest and then come to office in a few days.
Those are rubies, right? Why are you stressing? Be chill.
They won’t dare to come here after the insult we have put them through.
This is a matter of their children. Especially their daughter. What if they do come?
Let them come.
I will deal with them in such a way that they will hold their daughters’ hand and take her from here.
I am not worried about her. I am worried about my son. How will you handle him?
He is my son. I am his father. I will handle everything.
Ghafoor Counsellor is my name. I can handle anyone.
After all that has happened in this house because of you guys,
I can’t even get a single drop of water through my throat. And you’re talking about tea?
The disgrace that has taken place, we have got to stop it from spreading.
You… you come. Come with me. I have to talk to you. Sit over here.
Look, sister in law. He is my brother.
I cannot see my brother in so much pain. My heart cries tears of blood.
Obviously, he is my brother. He’s like my father to me. I cannot see my father suffering.
What happened? What did the doctor say? Is everything okay?
Sister in law, I never went back to the doctor.
He would say something if I had gone to him but I never got the time.
I am just trying to fix the troubles that are staying at my house. That’s it.
May Allah take care of everything, what has happened, Muraad?
Actually…. Sister in law, Shebi has left Chanda at my house.
What! Why? What has Chanda done?
Sister in law, Chanda has done whatever it is that she had to do.
Muraad, tell me everything! What happened?
Keep it low.
What happened? Why has Shebi left her at your house?
The truth is that Shebi's parents haven’t accepted our Chanda.
God knows what it is that’s written in our daughter’s fate.
You get up, come with me! Come with me. Get up.
The matter is in yours and mines hand now. God knows what’s going to happen if we lose control of it.
Shebi is a nice guy. I am trying to make him understand nicely
that he should convince his mom and dad and take our Chanda to his house with respect.
This matter has become more aggravated than the hell that broke lose in this house.
You make Shebi understand at any cost to take Chanda home!
Sister in law, I will put all my efforts into doing so. Chanda is my blood,
she’s my daughter. I will try my best.
Actually, sister in law…
You know of my household and Danish’s business is also in front of you.
I am fulfilling every little need of Chanda’s but my pockets are empty so if you could…
Yes… I’ll bring it. I’m bringing it.
Sister In law, my pocket is empty… If you could help me a little…
Shebis parents haven’t accepted our Chanda.
I don’t know where I went wrong while bringing up Chanda.
I loved her a lot. I gave her more love and care than I did to any of our children
My Allah! Have mercy on my Chanda!
Give her all the happiness that she took this step for.
I forgive her with all my heart. You also forgive her.
Listen! Where are you going?
We ran out of groceries. So I was just going to get that.
Here, give me the money. I will go and get it.
Where will you go in all this heat?
Aren’t you also going in this heat?
I cannot tolerate the fact that I stay at the house like that and you…
out in the markets. Come on, give it to me.
Actually... Riaz Baji called. I have to give her the committee money…
Already, it has gotten really late so I thought I’d give the money to her on my way…
So this means that it is necessary for you only, to go.
Yes.
Alright, go.
So you have found out that I am here?
Are you here to look at my show?
You always think negatively.
Everything that is happening to me today is because I am paying for your deeds!
Chanda! Believe me! Your happiness is very precious to me…
Shahab is my happiness. His home is my happiness!
I got Shahab. But to live in his house, I haven’t…
You listen to me! I will only get to live in his house
when you personally go and apologize to his parents!
Why don’t you understand what I’m telling you?
At least listen to what I have to say…
I don’t want to hear anything!
I am ready to do anything for you,
Chanda. Just pray that your father…
Right now you shouldn’t be worried about dad but your daughter.
Go and apologize to them! Actually, if it’s possible you go and apologize right now!
Yes! I will go right now!
Sister in law, this is all happening because of you
And so, you will have to handle it alone only.
You should go to Shebi’s house for Chandas happiness.
And if you don’t go over there, I’ll think that you don’t love me.
I… love you a lot, Chanda.
When you will understand and learn it will become knowledge and will be there in your memory forever
Dad, tea
Where has mom gone?
Is it very hot?
Yes, its a little too hot
Your mom went to the market...
its been very long since she has gone, she should have been back by now
I will have tea later let me check on her first
No dad you wait I will go and see
You are not feeling well
Listen! Come here...
Do you know the house where she gives money for committee?
Yes dad I have seen that house, she goes to my friend's mom for it
Okay then go and see there and if you don't find her there then come straight home don't go looking after her
Okay!
Go!
Come straight home!
Listen, make lunch becuase she will be tired when she comes home...
Okay I am making
Do you want anything else?
No, I don't want anything
How dare you came here?
I...wanted to talk to you
Shut up!
Huh! Wants to talk...
You are a shamless woman
If you had even a little respect for yourself then you shouldn't have dared to come here
Go!
Go and die of shame
I...I have come with a lot of hopes
Good! Its good to have hopes but...
You will get nothing except disrespect and discourage
The way you and your daughter have trapped my son and played with his feelings, you will see its result
What are you saying?
We have played a game...?
You came with the proposal at our home and then you asked me refuse from it....
Have you gone mad?
When did we say that?
You said that yourself that day...
Shut up!
Don't know whether you mom has gone to Shebi's parents or not...
What happened Chanda?
What are you looking for?
Uncle I am unable to find my ring, I don't know where it has gone
Ring?
Where did you keep it?
I was putting lotion on my hands, then I went towash my hands. Now I can't find it. I kept it here only
Don't worry, it might be here somewhere look around carefully
I have seen everywhere, can't find it anywhere...
If Shahab finds out about it then will be a big problem
What happened uncle?
Is it possible that you mom might have taken it...
To throw it on their face and return it..
Mom...?
You already know that she can do anything
Mom...
Okay
So mom and daughter are trying to make our son go against us. Is it so?
You guys have got some misunderstanding
I did as you told and asked Chanda to refuse from this proposal
And that is why she is blaming me for all this
Go to hell you and your characterless daughter
You are a very fraudulent woman
I had only heard of people like you but now I have seen one too
Like mother, like daughter
Get lost from here
Look!
Whatever you want to say, say it to me but let my daughter live in this house
No!
Chanda what happened? Why do you look worried?
Mom came to meet me
Okay, she must be saying things against me
No! She didn't say anyhting like that
I can't believe it
She is not happy with our marriage
Anyways what discussion did you guys have?
Did you make her understand?
Yes, I talked to her and she has gone to you house
Where? My house?
Yes, for apologizing
With whom?
Alone
Chanda what stupidity has she done
We had agreed on this that if my parents apologize then everything will be sorted and I will be able to go in that house
I agree...
Then what is the problem?
But this wasn't decided that she will go there alone
Do you remember when my parents went with th porposal at your place, she was alone there as well
What do you think, she must be apologizing at my home in front of my parents?
You do wonders...
She must have ruined things rather then setting them right
I didn't think about this...I made a mistake. Now what? What should we do?
What was the hurry? You could have waited for me
I have said everything...
Do one thing, you go home. Mom might have just reached there
I am going
Listen! Call me and tell what happened
Okay, close the door
Do call me...
Why it can't happen?
It's for your son's happiness
You can give respect to my daughter just for him
What did you say? Respect?
Respect to that girl?
Who's brother came here and was misbehaving with me
And his father, instead of keeping his eyes he is staring at me and talking to him
Did he come for apologizing?
I am apologizing on his behalf
If you say...
Enough!
What do you think?
You wil apologize and I will forgive you?
Why should I do it? Do you know who I am?
My name is Ghafoor counsellor. I have many contacts
And those people respect me a lot
Tell your gentleman husband to come here
And beg for forgiveness
Then I might forgive him...
Please don't do this, he will die of shame...
Let him die, didn't he die yet?
His daughter ran away and he is still alive shameless
I can't see tears in a woman's eyes
Do one thing, tell him to come here and apologize
And if he didn't do this, then I won't let your daughter come in this house
Neither I will let her stay in my son's life
Please listen to me
Enough!
We have listened you a lot, its enough now!
Atleast you try to understand me, you are aslo a mother
Mother? I am only my son's mother. I am not anyone else's mother
You people have made our son go against us...
You will pay a very heavy price for that
Get lost from here!
The door is there. Is there someone? Take her outside
For God sake...
Your husband will come here and apologize. That's it!
Drama! Mother and daughter are drama
Look what I will do
Yes Chanda! Did your mother return?
No, mom hasn't returned yet
Okay!
Shahab came, I have sent him back home
Did you find the ring?
No!
You were right!
Mom has taken the ring
And now she will return it to his parents
Uncle, if this happens Shahab will leave me and if he leaves me I will die. What should I do? I am confused
Calm down, don't worry nothing will happen
What do you mean calm down uncle?
Everything has gone wrong. Whenever I try to fix things everything goes wrong. What should I do? Please come home soon I am confused
Okay I am coming
Assalam o Alaikum!
How are you?
I am fine, how about you?
I am great as always
So what made you come here?
Some conditions force me to come to you
You came to buy something?
That day will come too when I will come here to buy something from you
For now I want to sell this ring
It's not worth more than 8-10k
Are you crazy?
You will give 8-10k for this?
You will play with me like other shopkeepers?
Nowadays market is not going good...
Oh come on man! I have been listening this all my life. I know very well that what is it's real worth.
And don't forget that your business
is going on is just because of me. If I
don't come here then no one will even
step in your shop. Now take out 20k!
But...
No ifs and buts! It is beneficial for both of us! I know very well what is its real worth. Now give me 20k!
What do you mean you didn't find her?
Did you go there?
I wnet to her, she said that she didn't come here
Okay
I will go and...
Assalam o Alaikum!
Walikum Assalam
Go and get a glass of water for your mother
Where were you?
I told you...I went to get the committee and then I went to the market
Really? You went to give the committee?
Yes. Why?
Go!
Zain went their house. She said that you didn't come there
If only she would have been at home then she would have known that I came
Then I went to the market
So, it took a long time in the market?
Yes, there were a lot people in the market so it took so much time
If you had gone to get things from the market then where are thethings?