If you want to express anger or want to beat her then do that at once and forget everything.
Kiran come out.
Kiran
Kiran let's go home. I am here to take you back.
You told me that we should give one more chance to our relation so I am here.
I felt that relatives support each other.
But I didn't know that vendor will do this to dad.
Dad.
Hmm
How are you feeling now?
I am feeling better now.
Have you eaten anything?
No, I don't want to eat.
No it's not good. Let me bring something for you.
Hey, stop. Sit with me for a while.
Dad, how will you take medicine without eating anything? Hmm
So tell me, do I bring something? Hmm?
I like the way you try to speak Gujarati.
I say that right.
Yes and you are my best daughter, you know that.
I can't tell you that how happy I am. You have completed my family.
I am thankful to God.
Promise me that you will never leave me again.
I won't go anywhere.
Promise?
Promise.
But at the moment, I will bring something for you to eat.
OK, bring that.
O God, thank you so much for completing my family.
Thank you.
Why are you looking at me?
What a slap that was.
How did that filmy hero come out from your inner self today?
I have become a fan of yours.
Fan
If a person is oppressed again and again then one day such emotions come out.
I am amazed that I (Kiran) have done this.
I used to tease you so much in our childhood.
I used to ran away after beating you.
But you never said anything to me.
Hmm
Whenever I said anything in response and beat you in response.
Then I was scolded that..
Don't beat brother.
Parents give relaxation to boys on everything and they teach girls to bear everything.
That's why this happens.
I am surprised that why didn't you lose your patience earlier?
So be careful, you can be the next one.
I have already got one.
But you should slap more
Farhad
How long will you punish yourself?
You should talk to Fareeha.
Farhad
Listen to me, you are not like those men
who feel that they can control women by oppressing them and they don't have any regret on their wrong doings.
You are not like those men and Fareeha knows that.
I have witnessed that how much you have changed yourself and how much you have controlled your anger.
If you say then let me talk to her.
No.
I have given her the right to make this decision.
Kiran I can spend my whole life with her memories but
I don't want to make her life more miserable.
Fareeha is very quiet these days.
It's obvious. She has gone through such a difficult phase of her life.
So she will take some time to recover.
But she is still confused about her future.
I think that she should make her decision about her life.
You should arrange to make her divorce papers as soon as you recover.
But I haven't heard any such thing from her yet.
Oh come on.
Do you still want to hear from her despite all that.
She has come back with her own consent by leaving him.
But she still wants to live with that boy.
It's obvious, it will take some time.
But you can see
That boy didn't come back after that discussion about divorce.
Otherwise Fareeha wouldn't have stayed here. What do you say?
What had to happened, has happened.
Now she shouldn't go back.
And now I won't let anyone interfere in our family matters.
Our family has gathered after great difficulty
No matter what, this won't happen again. So, please forget that boy.
Listen. Listen.
What happened?
My heart is pounding.
Do I bring water for you?
Let's go to hospital.
No.
There is no need for that.
I am missing her.
Hmm
I also miss dangerous sister.
Arrogant aunt cum dangerous sister.
Arrogant? Who has called my wife arrogant. Let me kill that person.
Just leave it.
Call her.
Hmm
You should rather go and meet her.
You will feel better.
Right?
Let me bring water for you.
No.
Wait, let me make tea for you.
How dare they, first her brother misbehaved with him and now she has done that.
I was telling you from the very first day that they are not good people.
Didn't you see her brother's attitude that day.
That's why I wanted you to take proposal for other girl.
She was an orphan and she was very rich.
And such helpless girls can be oppressed very easily.
So what can we do now? He chose her so he should bear that.
You should keep quiet.
What does she think that she will defeat me by creating this drama? Hmm?
And she will set herself free from me.
No mom.
She doesn't know me.
I won't spare here that easily.
Just leave her.
I have so many girls for you.
I only want Kiran. Only Kiran.
Mom, I am going to restaurant.
But eat breakfast.
I want to discuss something.
Yes what's up.
Tell me about your wife, how is she?
Kiran has told me that there is some conflict between both of you.
I was very angry that day.
I was in deep shock.
I should have given her a chance.
Now, it's useless to discuss this mom.
Why?
It's not that easy.
I will go there to appease her because she is angry because of me.
It's too late mom.
And by the way, whatever has happened between me and Fareeha
That happened only because of my mistake.
It's not your fault.
I am going.
How do I convince him?
What should I do?
When will your wife bring eatables?
You will have to wait for that.
Well.
She is making snacks and you are eating this chocolate without sharing.
Now it's mine and I won't give you.
Take it Fareeha, I won't give him this chocolate.
Fareeha
What are you thinking?
Give me chocolate.
What are you doing?
Fareeha, he has won because you didn't support me.
And she won't support you because she favors me. Am I right sister?
The favorite snacks of Zara and Fareeha are ready.
Wow aunt, that's great.
Do you know that I tried my best to make these snacks in my in-laws' house but
I couldn't match the taste of your snacks.
You can't even match that because she has some magic in her hands
Hamid, I used to live in this house.
If you have some plans to go for outing with your friends then you can go. I didn't stop you.
Ever since, I have married you. I have disconnected myself from all my friends.
This is too much uncle.
Yes, you are right.
Our aunt is a wonderful lady.
Our Samad is very lucky as well.
Let's proceed.
Let me give you.
Brother, please take it.
You should take it first.
I eat these frequently.
Give Fareeha.
What are you thinking my child?
When did you come?
You don't know that who is coming here these days.
There is nothing like that.
Fareeha has come back but my daughter has lost somewhere.
What's the matter?
Tell me, aren't you happy in this house?
I don't know dad.
I think I have lost myself somewhere while shifting from one house to another.
You have seen the outcome of listening to your heart
now you should listen to your mind.
You are in your own world of hope and you don't want that if you take a step
and nothing happens as per your desire then
You will be disappointed.
When new mall will be constructed then they will give us a new and better shop
And there is a plan to open store on partnership.
Then Motiwala Jewelers will become famous in the city.
Can I order two plates biryani?
Yes sir, Shamshad, bring two plates biryani.
Sir go to your table.
Uncle Agha.
How are you?
You have forgotten us and never talked to us so I thought to meet you.
Sorry uncle.
Please sit. Shamshad, bring special biryani.
How are you?
I miss both of you so much.
Everything is dull without fights between Fareeha and your aunt.
Your aunt has become absolutely quiet
and as you know that I get depressed if there is no tension around me.
Uncle, I thought to visit your house but I couldn't do that.
Why?
Maybe I don't want to face her.
Rather all my belongings are there.
I can send your belongings if you want.
No, uncle. Don't do that.
Those belongings are useless if my most valuable thing is not with me.
Farhad your story is not over yet.
Failed love sometimes becomes fairy tales.
But your story is incomplete now.
Maybe
Listen
Everything comes to an end whether it is a relationship, good or bad days or stories
No matter what we do, in the end we have to face end.
I think you are afraid of seeing the end.
You are living in your own world of hope and you are afraid that if nothing happens as per your desire then
You are afraid of that.
Look at me Farhad
You should listen, understand and believe what is in your heart.
You should have a firm trust and belief on your internal feelings.
Then you will see that all paths will be clear for you.
Wow, nice aroma. I am missing brother Yaqoob at the moment.
Did you like it?
Brother Yaqoob never asked this question.
Because he used to be sure that his biryani is very delicious.
Let's taste and see.
Didn't you like it?
No, It's good
Uncle, it's the same recipe which was used by dad. We haven't changed anything.
Just like Fareeha is your lover in the same way this biryani was the lover of brother Yaqoob.
You just need to add love into it, taste will come in automatically.
Do I bring cold drink for you?
Yes.
Shamshad, bring cold drink.
It's delicious. I enjoyed it.
Madam
Miss Channo has come to meet you.
Bring her in.
Come here, sit.
Bring water.
How are you?
I am fine. How about you?
I am fine.
I am really sorry.
It's been so long that I didn't come to meet you. I couldn't get a chance.
No. No.
No problem.
You have come back after a long time and it was not easy for you to come back. Are you alright?
Does Farhad come to meet you?
We didn't meet after that day.
Have you thought anything?
I don't know aunt, I am a bit confused because of conflict of my heart and mind.
Only that will win who will be more powerful. Right?
Maybe dad is right.
I have listened to my heart once so this time I should listen to my mind.
Why didn't you recognize yourself?
You have got a generous heart and you give priority to your heart.
Look
You hated me from bottom of your heart but then you convinced me.
It's a connection between our hearts. Right?
I have brought vegetable curry and corn bread for you.
Thank you.
To be honest
I missed you so much
Everything became dull and quiet without you.
I consider you as my daughter so I don't feel happy without you.
You have fulfilled duty of being a mother.
And now I promise that there won't any distance between us.
I will come soon to meet you. Right?
Are you happy here?
Will you come to meet me?
Yes.
Promise?
Yes, promise, I will come soon to meet you.
Greetings dad.
Greetings, what's up.
Dad
I want to discuss something.
Yes go ahead.
Dad, I have finalized the deal of our shop.
Oh I see.
Congratulations.
But
I have seen so many people like Murtaza in my business life.
You have grown up and you make your decisions by yourself but
You shouldn't be afraid of such people.
Dad, I am not selling shop to bottle vendor.
Really? Then whom did you sell?
Mr. Siddiqui is an old jeweler.
But I don't know him.
Dad, he is not a Memon.
Our relatives have deceived us so much that's why I have made this deal with an outsider.
And I have done partnership with him.
He will give us new and better shop in new mall.
And we also have plans to open more branches together.
Motiwala jewelers will be spread in the whole city.
Dad
Have I made a right decision Dad?
That's wonderful. You have done a great job.
Thank you dad.
You have made a very good decision. My son has grown up.
Thank you dad.
Love you my son. Great job.
Thank you dad.
That's great.
Damn
What are you doing? 
Why are you packing your things?
I am talking to you. What are you doing?
What is left to be discussed now? Hmm?
Let's discuss. Come sit.
I don't want to discuss. You have lied to me.
You fooled me by lying to me.
You are not understanding my point.
Let's discuss in a peaceful way.
Why should I understand.
You put my baby's future at stake and want me to understand.
Isn't that baby mine?
That is mine as much as yours.
But it doesn't seem like that.
Otherwise you wouldn't have made this decision by putting his future at stake.
Have you lost your mind? What are you talking about?
I am also concerned for him as much as you are concerned for him 
but that doesn't mean that I will stand against my father.
Do you want me to misbehave with my father?
It's useless to talk to you.
OK, put these things back. You won't go anywhere.
When you will set yourself free from your mother's influence then you will get the right to give me orders.
This is strange.
 And you should understand one thing that I will manage to give all my baby's right to him.
You can be fooled by your parents but not me.
I will...
Talk about my parents in a respectful manner.
How do you know that Billo has done that.
What's this?
But how can you say that it's Billo's chain?
I have gifted her.
I took her for dinner and gave her this as a gift.
Wow, wow.
Don't look at me like this, you asked me to hire her.
But I asked you to hire in your gym, I didn't ask you to become a slave of her.
Oh God.
How long you are doing this?
I only took her once.
Huh
I am unable to understand one thing that all doors and windows are in tact
 then how did she took everything?
Actually, I gave her duplicate key.
Are you mad?
Oh man, you are such a fool.
Have you informed Farhad?
I didn't tell him because he is already upset.
I thought that I will introduce her to him once situation will be in my favor.
So what should we do now? Should we file a report?
In police?
Yes.
But what will police do when I gave her the key myself.
There is no need to tell them that you did that.
I think we should avoid this matter and close this right here.
There will be a huge problem if Farhad knows about it.
Jojo, I didn't know that you are such a big fool.
Stop it dude, how much you will scold me? I didn't know that she will do that.
Let's think about future.
It's obvious that we should think about future because you haven't left anything behind.
You are behaving like a dog.
From where did you buy this?
From Gulf.
And how much it costs?
Five thousand.
Oh really? But you never bought five rupee ice cream for me.
But you are not that beautiful.
So now you have seen the outcome of that.
Stop this nonsense.
By the way she was so clever. 
Even I couldn't understand her.
So how could a fool like you understand her.
We will have to inform Farhad.
What are you doing here?
Sir, I was adding onion.
There is rush outside and you have to wash these plates as well.
Yes, I will do that.
Do it quickly.
Yes, I will do that.
Why have you called me?
What do you think that you can hide this deal from us?
I was not in a mood to hide.
What did you do to that person?
Have you lost your mind?
It's business.
There is no difference between any cast. You were teaching the same thing to me.
You are playing very smartly. You will regret.
Don't give me threat.
Be thankful that I didn't go to police to file a report against you.
Police can't do anything against me. It's in my pocket.
You have only witnessed our politeness. 
You won't bear our cunning face. Don't call me again.
I will have to treat him in other way. He won't understand like this.
Let me do something.
We have grind all spices here by ourselves.
We don't compromise on anything. I take care of everything from oil, ghee and pulses.
But we don't compromise on quality.
You serve such a substandard food to people.
What's the matter?
You serve rotten food here. My son came here with his friend for lunch.
After that they are not feeling well and they are in hospital. They are continuously vomiting.
Sir, we make fresh food daily. 
We have been dealing since a long time and we have never faced any such complaint.
So you want to say that I am lying.
No sir, I am not saying that you are lying, but I want to say that maybe there is some other reason or maybe they eat something else.
No, he ate here.
Then he went to home.
Her condition became worse after one hour. There were so many other people who ate here.
Is this a coincidence?
Sir, I am just saying that...
Brother Farhad
Customers are vomiting outside.
Look, I was right.
They are suffering because they ate from here.
Everyone got sick after eating rotten food from here.
I won't spare you.
This is not the right way to talk. If it's our mistake then we will apologize.
Go to hell with your apology.
Who will bear the hospital expenses
Sir, it's our mistake so we will bear that.
If anything happened to my son then I am telling you, I won't spare you.
Remember it.