Shamim look, my arms doesn't have anymore power
my arms starts shivering after making tens of cladrons
why did you take the money from them?
 Farhad, aunt Shaggo gave them to me forcefully. I couldn't refuse
couldn't you return as well? 
what are you doing here? 
whatever spectacle you've done, isn't that enough?
get out of here
I am coming in a while
mom...
don't you miss me?
who misses those daughters who leaves the house after ruining their parents honor?
So why my mother cannot say such things to me while looking into my eyes?
didn't you miss your mother?
didn't you think about your mother ever?
 who can forget such a lovely mother?
I miss you everyday
I miss my mother, when the onions turns black instead of getting golden brown
I miss my mother, when the kneaded flour gets hard instead of being soft
I miss your lectures etc everything...
mom, I miss it everyday
I have to check on the guests
mom
I am also a guest now
tell me something before going
until when you guys will stay angry with me?
Do I have the right to get angry, Fareeha?
as it is, you've come to attend your aunt's wedding
not to meet your mother
so mom, whatever dad & brother Saqib did last time. How I would have come?
be thankful that Saqib is not present here right now
otherwise, all hell break would have loose
and I have to listen to the people taunting
neither you or Shaggo had to tolerate anything
until when you'll put us into such trials?
until when?
I have to attend the guests
Greetings aunty, how are you?
I am fine, but you haven't done the right thing with your parents
and what is this? A person feels happy when their daughter pays a visit to her parents house
but here, brother Yousuf & sister Rashida are hiding their faces
aunty, this is mine & my family's personal matter
what is personal matter though? It has become our community's problem
may God never gives a daughter like you
I feel so hurt whenever I see brother Yousuf & sister Rashida
what their status used to be, and now they try to hide their face at all times
you are quite stubborn! You came here just like that, you should be ashamed!
Fareeha
come, meet Shaggo
but...
come
dad
what are you doing here as of yet?
Hamid & Shaggo had invited you, and they've gone
so what are you doing here?
now don't waste my time
sister..
Bilal, what are you doing here?
Come, the ceremony has ended. We have to go home as well, lets go
Come
Fareeha
I'm so sorry
I thought, everyone's heart would melt on this occasion
No Zara...
I have made everyone's heart so hard that nobody has any place for me anymore
I shouldn't have come
come, let me drop you home
stop crying
why you took so long to come?
Greetings!
Greetings! I have been waiting for you since so long
it takes time to complete the house chores
yes
all good? Since you were insisting a lot to visit today
I feel like, come in
how are you?
absolutely fine
how did you get injured?
table... I am just crazy, as you say. I keep running here & there
I was going & I got injured by the table
you came from outside
let me make sherbat for you
mom...
first of all, I won't drink sherbat but only cold water
secondly, I will take it myself. I don't like you to treat me as a guest whenever I visit
are you happy in your in-laws house? Are you fine there?
I am absolutely fine mom, why are you asking this again & again?
I came from outside, look at the weather
I got a bit of headache, what else?
the girls have to take every step very cautiously in their in-laws house
still they slip
they have to breathe carefully too
so that nobody shall mind
no matter, if they become breathless
and its very difficult to read a man
he can become furious anytime
and we get punished
but mom
until when? & to what extent?
since men do hard work
so there are many tensions
they can raise their hand in anger
but don't take it to your heart
your father was quite furious though
but see, how he took care of us
Shahzain is also taking very good care of you
he meets us very respectfully
I like it
keeping all these things aside
tell me something
today, if you get a chance... your entire life that you had spent
if you get a chance to repeat your entire life
then what will you do?
the same thing that I did for my entire life, Kiran
I will nurture the relations
but... a woman's patience & tolerance is not her weakness
instead its her strength
today on wards, you have to take every step very carefully
don't slip again
Ok
fine!
here you go
I had asked you to bring me the tablet of headache
I am having a splitting headache
you've taken so many medicines since last night
so many medicines aren't good for health, they are harmful
sister, these medicines aren't as harmful as your daughter's antics
and sorry to say brother, but there is no as such medicine to remove this stain that your daughter has caused
as it is, its a different matter that Shaggo got married in this age
but Fareeha's presence made another spectacle
do you know what gossips people were making yesterday?
Juggan, whatever happened. Just be quiet
are people making less gossips that you will also make?
there are so many people who do gossips
do you know, what Rani & sister Bunni was talking about yesterday?
that maybe Fareeha's marriage didn't work out. Or maybe her husband had left her
and there are no good end results of love marriages
God forbid!
sister Bunni just need a chance to gossip around
and your daughter gave this chance to the people herself. So why don't they react?
daughters are dear to their parents in every way, brother
no matter if they are disobedient
I apologize to you for Juggan's behavior, brother
what if really...
She will bear the consequences of her own decisions
who came at this hour?
mom, you!
I came to see that how this guy had kept you like a queen
all of a sudden?
please come inside
I'm sorry, I was just cleaning the house.
Come, sit
let me bring water for you
No dear
tea! Let me make tea for you
I don't want anything
you know, we belong to that family where its forbidden to drink the water of your son-in-law's house
mom, the time has changed now. Now the son-in-law is like a son
and everything of a son's house is halal
whether its food or drink
ok, sit here
Tell me, did your mother-in-law has accepted you as a daughter?
did she kept you like a daughter?
whether the words are old or new
few truths never change
and the biggest truth is... this guy cannot give you anything
You could have got much better house & guy than this one
parents never think wrong for their children
you had left us for this?
mom, only love...
I had just made a mistake of falling in love
this house.. this life...
and this guy
cannot give you anything
why don't you get it?
come with me to our house right away
I am feeling suffocated while seeing this house
dear Fareeha, I will convince your dad & brother
really! Will you convince dad & brother Saqib to forgive us?
No us... only you
even today, that guy doesn't fit in our family anywhere
he cannot become a part of us
but he has become a part of me, mom
Farhad is my husband
why do you want to miss this chance of forgiveness by doing this mistake?
leave that guy
before he leaves you
why will he leave me?
because...
when you see the realities of life
then you start regretting your decisions
you guys are in such a big delusion
that you will spend your entire life on the basis of love
I thought, when you came on the wedding
then you might have realized what you are missing by seeing us together
I feel it very badly
I feel it daily
but what kind of a condition is this?
I have to kill one of my part among my two parts, in what trial you are putting me into?
and I?
what is my fault?
in what trial you guys have put me into?
daily I think what a miss was there in my love & upbringing
that my children doesn't want to live with me
Saqib wants to leave the house as well
I am such an unlucky mother
I am asking you for the last time
will you come home with me or not?
No
Ok!
today onwards, I will never step inside your house
do you want to leave me? Will you leave me so easily, answer me!
will you leave me so easily?
 will you leave me? 
why do you hurt me again & again, Kiran?
Why do you hurt me again & again!
here you go brother, your hot drink
by the way, why you've made your look like old times hero?
is everything fine?
just like that...
I am so worried for Fareeha
she misses her mother a lot, she stays upset at all times
its normal, obviously she'll miss her as she is always alone
now everyone is not stone hearted like you
Rubbish! try to become serious sometime
I am serious
are you done with your rubbish?
 Can I start my rubbish now?
let me do my rubbish first, then you can start
why do you become so senti all of a sudden? Okay tell me
I don't understand how to cheer her up?
what shall I do that she becomes a bit happy?
take her for an outing or to meet her friends
she doesn't have friends
do you know, she was only friends with her cousins. That's it!
so introduce her to your friends, after all you have quite colorful ones
always talking non-sense
are my friends capable enough to be introduced to her?
we've already met her
in compulsion..
brother, as far as I know sister-in-law. She is a chill party
introduce her to your friends, she'll feel good
tell me something seriously, until today I have only faced problems by your suggestions
you've got married, so getting into trouble is evident
by the way seriously try it out, introduce her to your friends
believe me, she'll become happy. I guarantee you!
what guarantee! Who will take the guarantee of your guarantee?
this is your very big problem!
you are so guilty, guilt of friends, guilty of your catering business
guilty of yourself
brother, handle this problem & don't shift it on us
we are easy going & hero people. We are happy in every situation
don't utter so much of rubbish
let me do some sets
my six packs have become one pack by eating the food from outside
you also do some, have some shame
No brother, I am done for today. Its enough
hey, the stain on the name of Arnold guy. Do some gym
you carry on, keep going
your things
mine? its of our kitchen
yes, its the same thing
what happened?
my mom came today
oh!
what was she saying?
the same thing that your mom had said
to come back home
but alone
your family is so important for you, right?
I feel so bad whenever I see you like this
it feels as if I am doing so much of injustice with you
if you want, you can go with them. I won't do any complain
Farhad, absolutely not!
and what are your saying? How can you even think of it?
my decision is still the same as before
thank God! don't know how I was saying such dialogues like a filmy hero
what if I had gone, then?
then what? I would have cursed myself
also I would have cursed you specially
but just now you were saying that you can go if you want to, I won't make any complain
I was just trying to be nice
actually my emotions gets quickly changed
Farhad
what is this!
keep smiling like this
it feels as if everything has become fine in this world
please never leave me
okay
would you like to have dinner?
Fareeha, shall I introduce you to my friends today?
yes!
listen! no matter I had been running away from my family for an entire life
but these friends of mine are item, but they are my support system
would you like to meet them?
yes
let me go change
Okay?
Jojo, hey Jojo...
what is happening in your gym?
Gym? its going very well
how is it going well, its your gym & nothing is well with you
I drank protein shake today
not just protein shake, only remove the 'girls' name from the board of your gym then only it will work out
nowadays its the trend of mix gym
yes, that's why your health is like this
hey, where is Farhad?
you said that he is coming?
I am telling you, his wife must have stopped him
he would have seek permission from his wife & she would have scolded him big time
and his face would have become very small
I am telling you Jojo, never get married in your life. Got it?
a person's life become miserable after getting married
now look, Exactly this is how your face becomes when you go in front of your wife
how he used to show off his body building in front of us
he used to look like a hero, and now look when he is in front of his wife
yes wife... yes wife!
hey greetings sister! How are you? I was just talking about you
that a person gets so much changed after marriage
how are you?
I am okay, fit. Pakistan Zindabad. Greetings sister!
Greetings! What happened, you got anxious to see your wife's friend. What will you do when your wife will come?
No No, are you fine?
yes, I am absolutely fine
so sister, all good?
I am absolutely fine. Now shall I get you a health certificate that I am fine?
I had already told you that all of them are duffer
but they are life
oh sister, please come sit. What would you like to drink something cold or hot?
No, I have got whatever I wanted
hey come!
hey brother, lets go!
we didn't had an idea
come on
shall I start?
yes
do you know how to play?
hmm...
hurry up
what are you doing? This is not the way, wait... look here
You cannot do this, go do your gym. Look here
yes, Carom's Messi!
one second
I'm amazed. You guys sit here & play this everyday, yet you guys play so bad
we are being respectful towards you, sister
otherwise, nobody can beat us in carom
there is no regards in the game, beat me if you can
shall I bring water?
do you want to drown?
Farhad
yes
Today, the way you took me to meet your friends. I just...
you didn't like it?
they are so duffer, I had explained them to be a little respectful
at least listen to me first Farhad, you keep talking
I loved it way too much!
everyone did so much of my care
you took me along with you to remove my sadness, made us hangout
I felt really good. I love you!
I love you too!
drive carefully, what are you doing?
Farhad, tell me something
yes
keeping all the cars aside, the bike ride has its own charm
I mean, I don't find any other romantic ride than this one
now tell me, can anyone sit in the car like this?
that's why bike is great
do you know, when my mother used to watch the movies of old times
in those movies, the hero & heroine used to ride the bike with full background music
even I saw my parents watching the same movies
really!
but there is one bad thing in the bike
what's that?
there is no music in it
so what's the big deal? 
We are here, live music
really!
*singing song*
be careful
*singing song*
wow! do you still remember such old songs?
we grew up after watching old movies
Shahzain
I want to discuss something with you
I am unable to understand you
aren't you happy with me?
you get upset with me, angry with me every other day on petty matters
instead of tormenting each other...
its better to get separated
I will take all the responsibility, I will take the responsibility of everything. You haven't done any mistake though
you are upset with me because of Farhad, because of the car. I agree, but I won't discuss this with anyone
do you want to take divorce from me?
why are you speaking for me?
that I am not happy
or maybe, you are not happy with me
answer me!
Shahzain... I am afraid of you
Kiran... Kiran, what as such I have done?
yes?
what have I done, tell me?
my family was asking me to get married to some other girl
all of their demands of the dowry were getting fulfilled there
But no, I haven't done that
because I was in love with you
I have sacrificed so many things along with the car
do you remember, what my mother had said?
what she had said? 
I will enter the room only when I will get the car, but no!
I haven't done that
I took you on the bike in the entire city, whenever I wanted to
but still I am the bad guy, you consider me as the bad guy
I tolerated all the misbehavior of your brother, but still you consider me the bad guy
do you want to leave me?
do you want to leave me? Will you leave me so easily, answer me!
will you leave me so easily?
will you leave me?
why do you hurt me again & again, Kiran. Why!
today you've said such thing
but today on wards, I shouldn't hear such words from your mouth
its a no ball
the hit on the no ball is great!
he will do it
See, they always do conspiracy against our team
hey! is this how you play!
even the kids of our alley play way too better
weird guy! Who gave him the bat?
hey!
Farhad
what is this happening?
actually its India & Pakistan's match, so I've called everyone at home
you should have asked me at least
I thought you won't mind, as you are friends with all
Farhad, meeting them outside is something different
we only get one Sunday
Fareeha, its the matter of only one Sunday as its Pakistan & India's match
since when you've started taking so much of interest in cricket?
sister, its India & Pakistan's match. And everyone is interested in it
you also come, watch with us
No, I am not interested in cricket. You may carry on
hey, at least watch a few overs with us. Please come
Farhad!
I don't want
this is great! Great shot
great shot!
I have enjoyed a lot
you guys can carry on
Sorry, the lamp broke. I know sister got upset
hey, lets go from here. Come
lets watch the rest of the match at the gym
no no, its not like that. Please sit
oh brother, the situation over here is way too intense than India & Pakistan's match. Lets go from here
Come on
its ok, please look after sister. We are leaving
you go, I am coming in a while
Okay, come to the gym