Fatima Habib
Farhad Kareem Baksh
I want to add one more thing, that Mr. Farhad has achieved distinction in Business Management
Thank you!
Farhad, please come & say a few words
Farhad, my cheetah
Thank you, maam
look... 
its quite a respectful thing for me
that I am standing here within you guys
honestly speaking... 
I have reached here with a lot of difficulty
my father's business is very small
and I thought that this is the scope in my life
but then after coming here & to study in between you guys
and to learn so much from my teachers
today, I am taking new dreams & hopes from here
because I believe... 
that our future has just started
to my fellow students
as we step into the unknown
lets carry the fame of ambition, determination and... 
thirst
to succeed
thank you!
hey my lifeline, look at you. You are looking like a hero in this gown & cap
today I will distribute the sweetmeats in my gym
why are you ruining those poor guys hard work?
they'll be the sweetmeats of joy, they'll help in muscle building
oh brother, is this a joke that my brother has become a businessman
I haven't become a businessman as of yet, I have just become a BBA graduate
but soon I will become a businessman as well
you have such a big business of Karim Baksh & Sons!
you'll enter in it, & it will become a bit hit
Excuse me, can I meet my brother if you allow me?
yes
heartiest congratulations!
thank you!
listen! I know dad wouldn't have come but at least mom should have come
you know mom feels anxious in crowded places, but I was here
we'll fill the space of the entire family
come on, the party has just begun
where are we going?
Nice speech bro!
oh wow! even burger kids have become your fan
they haven't become my fan, instead they are making fun of me
let me see them...
hey!
calm down
after party at night, Please guys lets go!
they are talking about the party. Come on, lets go!
where are you going brother? They won't even let us in
they are your class mates since 4 years, haven't you been friends with them?
come here
look over there
can you see his prado
now look over there, can you see my 200 (bike)
my motorcycle cost is equivalent to his monthly petrol
and look at your words. Hey brother, that world is so different
Excuse me!
don't consider yourself low
you are my brother & he is no less than anyone
these random people, their parents have served them the success in a plate
but you have got a distinction with your own hard work my brother!
what was the big deal if we would have got a car in a plate too
but we have a biryani in our plate as per our fate
Karachi's best biryani! Brother, its our entire wealth
oho... such a cheap thinking
but we have big hearts
come on, we'll do a grand party that everyone will see
Sheiko aunt... Sheiko aunt, I have brought the sweets. Where shall I keep them?
hey, how come she is your aunt?
Give it to me
keep it back
you mother has forbidden you for eating sweets
the fruits are coming, so eat an apple from it
Oh! there is no need to do body shaming. I can take care of myself
yes! I am going to the gym from tomorrow. You'll find me so smart at my sister's wedding
the wedding is within 2 weeks, is it a gym or some magic?
my weight isn't like your face's curse, that no matter what you do it doesn't gets removed
what did you just said?
what did you said?
shall I tell you?
hey! leave my hand
hey!
what have you done?
there is a wedding in the house, & you guys are fighting like kids
what did you get by doing this?
Crazy people!
what is this happening? The limit!
handle your son
he has become so grown up, but his childish acts are never ending
he has spoiled the sweetmeats. We had to give these sweets to our guests in the evening
we have to order the sweetmeats again
go, bring it
why should I bring it? You go
Maqsood, you will bring the sweetmeats & you'll answer your sir that why this double expense
hey! where are you going?
pick these sweetmeats, discard the ones which got spoiled
and whichever are fine, keep them back. And bring new ones
Bilal, go & check on Zara. She is sitting in her room with a long face
tailor master haven't given her clothes
but sister Fareeha was responsible for the clothes
yes, but where is she?
mom... leave the spices & meet your graduate son
Greetings aunty... 
my son is here, come quickly
my son, BA pass
heartiest congratulations!
may God keep you safe from an evil eye
you could have come for some time
you know... 
I get sick in between a lot of people
check it
my heart is beating so fast since morning
them mom, lets go to the doctor with me
psychiatrist?
I am not going
have you gone mad?
greetings dad!
greetings!
hmm.... 
are you fine?
I am having headache, maybe my blood pressure is high
Go, bring the blood pressure machine
what to tell you, I am all alone & taking care of my catering business
there isn't anyone with me for my support, as if it doesn't belong to anyone
everyone is busy
what catering are you talking about?
I have told you so many times to sell it off & get retired but no... 
this new generation isn't interested in this work at all
what goes of you, brother?
sit down & relax. Watch the TV & eat well
one of your son has gone to the US, and sending you dollars from there
and the other one has opened a shop for exercise
its a gym!
what?
its a gym, uncle
oh yes, gym... 
there were grounds in our times, come with me to Aranbagh someday I will show you
let me bring tea
oho! My catering business name is Karim Baksh & Sons
and its my elders heritage 
you stay happy with your dollars, enjoy them. But I won't turn my face away from my heritage
and you!... hey
eat it, bring him some bananas too. In fact, get him a vegetable cart. At least he will do some work
at least, he'll eat a bit. What else!
this veil that you wearing, & this cap. We have spent enough of the money on it
now decide, whether you want to sit at my catering business or not
I am the first BBA graduate of this family
its the dream of other parents
that their children do the graduation & that too with first division
but you... at least be a little happy in my happiness
oh brother! First try to handle your father's responsibilities
then tell me my duties, which I have fulfilled more than my capability
dad, for now you need to relax as your blood pressure is very high
so what else could happen?
I can only relax if someone shall help me & support with my burden
only the blood pressure will increase in this situation
I am telling you, do come to my catering business from tomorrow onwards
I have been searching for you since so long & you are sitting here
nobody can sit alone in this house for even 5 minutes
I came to find peace but you have come here as well
until you are in this house, there is no peace or loneliness
everyone calls you after every 5 minutes, right?
anyways, come quickly as sister Zara has ruined her condition by crying continuously
why, what happened?
I don't know, lets go
why didn't you tell me earlier? 
As if I had found you?
Zara... Zara, what happened?
Fareeha, where have you been?
neither today's clothes are ready, nor of any other function. You had to look after all this
and that tailor! I have been calling him since so long, but he has switched off his phone
So, I'm handling it. He had told me that he'll deliver the clothes by 4 pm. How can he switch off his phone like this
don't you worry
how can I not worry? The guests will be here within 2 hours
what will I wear?
you have so many clothes, you can wear anything
Billo!
our Zara cannot wear her old clothes at any of her function
don't worry, let me fix that old tailor. Let me bring your dress right away
Billo, lets go! Come
me too?
yes, lets go to the master
oho... 
quickly!
we'll quickly go & come back
ok
where is the car?
car? I think brother Saqib took the car
what will we do now?
Billo! look over there, Maqsood's bike
Bike? But who will ride a bike? I don't even know how to use it
I will ride it
what! Sister, you'll get us into trouble
have you seen Zara's condition? Her clothes was my responsibility
I won't spare that master
sit!
but its keys?
this is direct!
its a joyous occasion, eat the sweets & leave your exercise
why, is everything alright?
my brother has graduated from a top university
hey come quickly, come on
but you had forbidden
it affects the muscles, its the sweets of joy
brother Mojo, take it
give me one more
what?
then go to home while running from here
oh my dear, you have made our entire family proud
great!
Wow brother! you have done such a VIP setup
also you have got quite a lot of members
its all your gratefulness
otherwise, how would our family know what a gym is
making an entire plan, to execute it & to find an investor. Its a total headache
its not in my control
honestly, if you hadn't been there then I would have been working in the ground
oh no, what's wrong. I have just helped you in making the setup of this gym
rest is your hard work, my cheetah
now you'll see, once you'll enter in your father's business I am sure you'll take it to the heights
oh brother, that's the problem
dad doesn't want to change anything
and the most important thing is that I know how much potential this business have
its requires an update & upgrade
so you'll update it
leave it
neither dad understands my ideas, nor I understand his words
since I had promised mom & Kiran
that after graduation, I will sit at the catering business with dad. So I am fulfilling it
otherwise, its difficult for both of us to stay on the same page
anyways leave it, let me make you do some bench press
come on
sit down
come on start. Lets go!
good... 
2... two
three!
where is the dress, Master?
madam, what is this behavior?
the misbehavior is that you had promised for the delivery at 4 pm, but then you have disappeared
do you even know that my cousin's function is within next 2 hours
what will she wear? Your old clothes?
maam look, you give all the clothes on the last minutes
you know its not a simple dress, the entire work is in detail
and you want me to give it back to you within 2 days
I had told you that you won't get the delivery within 2 days
You are lying & that too on my face! You had promised me that you'll give it
maam, I had tried to explain you but didn't listened to me
Greetings master, master my clothes... 
Don't you dare to come in!
the shop is closed & the master is busy, come on get out
Billo, close the shop
get out everyone... 
where is the dress?
where is the dress?
oh dear the customers will run away, what are you doing
look, where is its decoration?
I... 
quickly!
See! you didn't even started my dress. And you were lying to me
on whose dress you are working? Its not mine
what are you doing madam? All of my customers will run away
until you don't complete this customer's work, until then neither anyone will enter this shop
nor anyone will go out of this shop, got it master!
I will ensure to take my dress from here today, otherwise my name isn't Fareeha Motiwala
start the work, come on!
and don't you dare to touch any other dress than this one!
I will create a chaos, I will get this shop closed!
you have already created a chaos, they won't say you anything but they'll beat me so badly
be quiet, otherwise we won't get the dress
oh! where are you looking at?
Shakir!
Shakir! come down quickly
hey, where have you been?
you shouldn't keep lazy guys for stitching the clothes!
be quick
 Shakir!
*singing song*
*singing song*
sister...
I was thinking, there are some boys at the college who annoys me.
So fix them too, as you are in a mood today
no! only this much of action is enough for today
its Sara's mayun, so lets focus on that
we'll see them later, don't worry
*singing song*
brother?
oh hello!
hello? are you ok?
touch & check Billo, if they are fine
why are you using your foot?
are they fine?
are they dead?
Run... 
no, we cannot run
lets go!
that one moved
he is alive!
that one...
he is alive...
he is alive, yes!
are you blind? Can't you see the road?
I have seen everything in Karachi, people transport iron rods on the donkey carts
cows & buffaloes comes on the road all of a sudden
some crazy boys are riding the bike after removing their silencer
we have already faced everything, but this scarf scene was quite new
oh brother, how are you taking to the ladies? Don't you feel ashamed? You seem completely fine though
you got saved by this too
are you a doctor? How come do you know, what is going on within me?
what if my organs got displaced?
that guy isn't moving
what?
my brother isn't moving
oh, you've killed my brother
no no...
murderer!
oh no!
No... no
let me call police
please don't call the police
hello sir...
look, we can pay for your loss
let us call the ambulance
will you pay for one's life?
he is alive!
he moved! he is alive
yes! 
Farhad, are you fine?
let me call the police right away
No
I'm so sorry, I am really very very sorry. Are you fine?
what sorry? We have endured such a huge loss
I am fine now
I am absolutely fine
are you sure?
yes yes
Sure
who will pay for our bike's loss?
we'll manage
you may go
you must be getting late
yes yes, lets go sister
are you sure that you are fine?
Fine...
what fine? You are bleeding
I am bleeding
blood...
blood?
I am bleeding
I am fine
Shamshad, be little quick
ten double
ok
2000 rupees
Ok
35 doubles...
35 double
keep the spice level low?
low spice? the entire amount is of the spice levels
7000 rupees
yes sir
count them
1 2 3 4 5 6... its right brother
yes brother? 25 double
5000
here you go
wait... 2 3 4 5 
50 double
wait a minute, 50 double
give me
yes, hello?
50...
yes, what?
what!
wait a minute
where?
Farhad's accident?
hey Shamshad!
I am going, as Farhad had an accident
in the name of God...
reciting holy verses
in the name of God...
you know that area's SHO, right?
that's best! Don't spare them
there is something called manners, there is some sense of riding on the road
ladies are coming with flying scarf, & we had accident
if something happened to him then I swear to God I won't leave them
listen to me! No matter what happen, these people shouldn't come out of the lock-up
ill-mannered people! Don't know from where they come
sister... why aren't we going back home? His cousin is so furious that he is taking the matter to the police
why is he calling the police? We haven't done anything deliberately
the guests are about to come to our house, besides I have already call uncle
why did you call dad?
I am handling everything here
handle? What are you handling? I have been asking you to go home since so long
oh Billo, he got badly injured
I just want to know that the matter isn't dangerous
hmm... lets go home, then brother Saqib will show you what danger is
oh...
you wanted to ride a bike
No, lets go!
where?
lets just inquire then we'll leave
have you gained back your conscience?
what are you searching for?
where is she?
who?
she...
was it a dream?
I have never seen such a beautiful dream
you got an injury on the knee, so had it affected your brain?
forget her while considering it a horrible dream
She had left after ruining you!
I was telling you to call the police at that time, but No...
don't know what does these rich people think of themselves
but she was on the bike like us, how do you know that she was rich?
we get to know from one's attitude
She must be a spoiled daughter of some rich father
if she had been a spoil daughter of some rich father, then she would have left us on the road.
She wouldn't have brought us to the hospital
what rubbish you are uttering, just find her
how would I know that where she is
excuse me!
keep lying down
you are still here?
I just wanted to know if there isn't anything serious
No
I will never let you get worried
are you fine now? 
Is he fine?
yes, he is fine. He just got a few stitches on his knee due to injury
the doctor had advised to keep him here for tonight for monitoring
Okay
Thank God! I was so scared
you are so sweet
See...
it was an accident, I haven't done anything deliberately
I was saying you at that time as well, that let me call the police or pay for your loss but..
at that time, my brother was fine
now he has become more fine
lets do one thing, lets settle this matter within ourselves
don't call the police, please
Please don't call the police, otherwise there will be a lot of problem in my family
police?
yes, he was saying it very loudly outside that they'll lock us in the lock up & won't let us leave
who was saying that?
Since you were in a lot of pain, so I had said it in anger
are you in pain?
No no, its little bit due to stitches
by the way, I can endure a lot of pain. As I am so daring
yes
Can I do something for you?
please let me know if I can do anything for you
No no
are you sure that you won't call the police?
it will never happen
thank you!
welcome!
sister, I am going downstairs. Please come quickly, I am waiting
hey move your rickshaw! What is this way?
illiterate, ill-mannered people!
don't you have any sense?
when there is no space, so can't you see? 
You are just barging in!
if anything would have happened now, then who would have paid for the loss?
you are such an ill-mannered guy. Don't you have any manners to talk?
you! Now you'll teach me manners?
it doesn't seem that you are capable enough to learn manners
you are using such a big car, but look at you small heart like a mouse
hey! stop your rubbish. Got it?
Instead of feeling sorry for doing something wrong, you are exulting in it?
That's the problem!
you guys roam on the road just like that
first of all you guys hit the big cars & then pretends to be oppressed ones
and say, "please forgive us, as I am a poor guy"
Disgusting, move!
You have been uttering rubbish since so long & I have been listening to you!
it would be better for you to leave from here quietly
be quiet, no need to argue much
will you threaten me? Have you seen your worth?
if I want, I can get you imprisoned right away
hey relax! burden on this earth
what do you want to do? Do whatever you can
I will ruin you within a second, got it?
leave quietly as I am in a hurry
after all who you are? Illiterate man!
Disgusting person, move away!
Okay then, take care of yourself
get well soon
thank you!
Bye!
will we meet again?
yes? All fine now?
I am
stop it now
you are gone
uncle is here
hey, uncle is here
what was the need to call dad here?
you are in a hospital, what I would have informed at home? It was important
now I am completely gone!
lye down
my child's name is Farhad
uncle is here!
where is Farhad?
he is sleeping
are his bones alright?
yes...
what are the doctors saying?
They are saying, he'll be fine by tomorrow evening. Nothing to worry about
where were you guys roaming around?
oh uncle, it was an accident. It wasn't our mistake
whose mistake it was? If it was someone else's mistake then you should have called the police
it was the mistake of both
they were coming in the speed, and we were in a speed too. And we couldn't apply the brakes
he is sleeping, but you come with me outside
why uncle?
let me tell you
you guys are roaming around in the entire city like hooligans
come outside, let me fix you
but uncle...
yes, I am understanding your point but...
I have already told you that my father doesn't want to sell the shop
Oh! its not about the money, what do you they say....
yes! his sentimental value is quite attached with the shop
still I will talk to him
dad
I am really sorry, I had gone to pick up Zara's dress
I have heard you, but what was the need for you to do such a dangerous thing?
why did you go on a bike?
there wasn't any car, dad...
so you should have called one
you are always in such a hurry
its quite dangerous!
you are my only daughter
what if something would have happened to you, then?
are you crazy!
I am really sorry dad, it will never happen again. I promise
Promise chu...
I did a very big mistake by not teaching you guys Gujrati language
what is this promise chu?
I swear!
Wrong! Wrong answer
what? How can it be wrong, dad?
listen to me, I know Gujrati
here you go
See... 'Keem cho', it means "how are you"
'maja ma', means "I am fine"
'Geelo', it means "crazy" which I am
you have said it 100% correct
ok listen! there is no need to tell anything to anyone inside. Ok?
even I haven't told them. I have explained him too, got it?
now see, they'll create a fuss for no reason. And there is already a function in the house
got it?
yes
is it our little secret?
yes, our secret
I know, you did this with good intention
but my daughter look, sometimes we endure loss by listening to our heart
got it?
now come on, make a long face as if I have scolded you guys a lot
come on, you too. Come in the front, & stop laughing
Greetings!
where have you guys been?
We had gone to pick up Zara's dress from the tailor master
her bike broke down, so I had picked them
Saqib got to know that you guys had gone on the bike
he is so furious!
what as such calamity it was that you guys had to go on a bike?
are you crazy? You took her on the bike?
actually brother Saqib...
don't you know how bad the situation is of our city?
don't you have any brains?
what is the mistake of this poor child, why are you scolding him?
don't you know, nobody can say anything in this house in front of Fareeha
and you! You got my son scolding
dad, this is the limit
first of all, she took the bike in the evening time & upon having a problem she calls you to pick up
why she didn't call me?
I had told everything to dad
so will someone tell me something in this house or not!
be quiet, as she said that she had informed me already. And I have explained her
there is a function in the house right now, so don't spoil the environment
go dear, get ready for the function
dad, you have spoiled her a lot
As I said stop it, so what is the problem now?
end of discussion!
everyone is just getting angry here
hey listen!
I just brought it, kindly give this to Zara from our side
Okay
dad...
we have gifted a set on every function, at least charge the cost price
are you in your senses, crazy! will I take the charges from my family?
never say this again
come on go & get ready
what happened, haven't you got ready?
what is this?
this is a new set, as you had ordered
will I wear this in the wedding ceremony?
Yousuf Motiwala's daughter-in-law, your wife.. who is a jeweler
will I become a joke by wearing this?
dad had selected it
yes yes! because dad is spending everything on others
he gets very heavy jewelry for his daughter & niece, but he is giving me such a light weight set to me!
oh my dear...
if its in my control, then I shall cover you with jewelry from head to toe
that's the problem that nothing is in your control
dad doesn't listens to you at all, and nobody listens to you at the shop as well
nobody gives you an importance in this house as an eldest son
and there your dearest sister! She does whatever comes in her mind
and whenever you say something, nobody listens to you
its not like that
I do have my own reverence
leave it! You couldn't even bring a nice good set from your shop
and here you'll show your reverence!
oh my dear...
I'll make sure that nobody gets the amount of jewelry you had got at your wedding
And, let dad do whatever he wants to
As it is, after him everything belongs to you & me
A lot of people in this house have their eyes on this
I know
I know how to keep them in their limits, ok?
hey..
don't spoil your mood
Ok tell me what do you want? Just point it out
I will bring the stars for you from the sky, yet this jewelry is such an ordinary thing
now fix your mood
Till date, I haven't asked you for anything
your love is enough for me
why do I care to interfere in your family matters
I say, 'do good and seek no reward'
but I can't see that anyone takes advantage of our dad's good deeds
I know that..
only we can save him, otherwise people will eat him away. I know that very well
fix your mood & quickly get ready
Ok?
Come on, get ready & smile
Come on
finally you did it!
So, is there a possibility that I promise about something & don't fulfill it?
thank you!
are you saying 'thank you' to your sister?
Come here, you are looking so pretty just like a doll
sit down, where are the flowers?
here they are
take it
you'll see, there won't be any sort of lacking in your wedding
whatever you feel like just order it, I will bring it to you like a magician
by the way, how will I live without you?
I am feeling scared
what if there would be any problem at my in-laws house, then?
So what? You should come here immediately
I & dad will fix them. And listen...
there is no need to listen to any unjustified words from anyone, got it?
it doesn't happen this way
during such times, people say... "do compromise, listen to your elders"
"you should serve your husband" and don't know what more suggestions they give
the compromise needs to be done from both the sides
that's why I have said that there is no need to listen to any unjustified words from anyone
look, if they are good with you then we are good with them
and if they are bad with you then we...
Enough! I have understood everything
by the way, you won't feel scared at all while going to your in-laws house
in fact, I will be more concerned about them instead of you
so, what shall I do? I am like that
its not in everyone's control to live with me
So, if anyone has the courage then he shall come in the front
you are looking so pretty, all praise to God!
How does mom do? The way they put some kajal...
so pretty...
shall we go now?
yes...
lets go!
come on
yes, greetings! City Hospital?
I wanted to take an update of the patient who came to your hospital after an accident
what!
he died?
he died at this age?