What are you doing here and how dare you to beat my daughter?
I didn't beat her. That was just a mistake.
You won't make that mistake again because she won't go with you now.
He is so unpredictable. He argues with anyone anywhere anytime. He argued with policemen that night and spent whole night in lockup.
What?
Farhad spent whole night in lockup.
We should give ourselves some time.
And we should think by staying away from each other that what do we want from each other?
But that will increase distances between us.
You aren't giving me battle leaf these days.
I have just given you that. Are you happy?
I was right. I told you that doctor these days know nothing.
They say difficult terminologies. Look at this, I can't even read it.
Panic, depression, mental illness.
She only checked me and that's it. She gave me very less medicine.
So that's the good thing mom.
You have been taking medicine throughout your life but they didn't benefit you.
My son, illness has some name.
Like BP, cancer and heart sickness.
For God's sake.
Be thankful to God that you don't have any such disease.
You are OK with all other diseases but not with mental illness.
And what were you telling her that my mom cries. That's not the right thing to tell to any stranger.
So don't you cry?
I was six years old when I sat near your bed and held your hand first time.
I used to get scared when I saw you.
If medicine could have cured this disease
then you would have been recovered from this disease by now. But medicines are not the solution to this disease.
You are suffering from depression.
And there is no harm in admitting it.
If you would have admitted this earlier then
You would have gotten that help much earlier which you needed badly.
And you wouldn't be a sick, sad and scared mother.
Rather you would be a happy, healthy and loving & caring mother.
It was really difficult to spend life with my brother.
What else would she had other than depression.
This is not a big thing. These days all of us need a psychotherapist so don't get tense.
Yes, I occasionally visit a psychotherapist and I feel relaxed after talking to him.
You must try that as well.
Bilqees, give me battle leaf. I am asking you but you are not giving me.
Did Fareeha eat anything?
Did she tell you anything that what will she do now?
She doesn't have anything except regret.
You know her since childhood so don't say that.
So what should I say?
We advised her so much and forbade her to do that.
But she couldn't see anything except her love. What did she get by doing that?
Zara but that was not Fareeha's fault. She is very upset.
If it's not her fault then whose fault it is?
Who forced her to marry like this?
Such marriages have same consequences.
If parents are not convinced with the marriage then that marriage is not a happy one.
But marry to your loved one is not a sin.
I admit that her approach was wrong
but I am feeling from your words as if she has committed such a sin which can't be forgiven.
She didn't commit any sin but she made this relationship by hurting uncle, aunt, her brother and all of us.
And what is she getting by doing that except pain, sorrow and wounds on her body
I have asked her to make decision with a cool head.
Today when she in pain then uncle is feeling pain more than anyone else.
So she should realize that she hurt her family.
And when she is in need then you and uncle are her biggest support.
Tell me aunt that if your door wouldn't be opened for her then where would she go?
The reality of life is revealed in difficult time. Whole life can't be spent with love only.
Zara, I don't want her to listen this conversation and  think that she has become a burden on me.
You know that she is so dear to me and I can't see her in this condition.
Don't worry, she is very sensitive and emotional at the moment.
But she knows that you and uncle are her biggest supporters in this difficult time.
She will definitely realize that she made a very big mistake by hurting her family's feelings.
Aunt, Saad must be coming back from office so I must leave now.
Wait, you should have lunch with us.
Let me serve lunch.
Why do you keep working all day?
Come here.
I want to talk to you. Sit here. Come here.
Sit here.
And listen to me very carefully.
What's up?
I went to restaurant and I asked Farhad to sell the restaurant.
So what did he say?
He said that he will discuss with family.
So now it's your job to convince him and your family. Right?
Farhad is very stubborn.
It's not easy to convince him if he doesn't want to do that.
And if he wants to continue this business then...
So you are there to convince him.
You will convince him. Right?
And you also want what I want.
Here you are, it's his call.
So you should talk to her as I told you. Talk to him.
Receive the call. Put the call on speaker.
Hi Kiran, how are you?
Shahzain came here today and he told me that he has some buyers who want to buy our restaurant.
Do you also want to sell this restaurant?
Yes
Kiran you insisted me to manage this restaurant business
and you told me that this business shouldn't be sold at any cost but now
you are saying this? Isn't Shahzain forcing you?
Give me Shahzain
I should have realized earlier that both you brother and sister are making me fool.
No. No.
Kiran you shouldn't have done that. You have done wrong to me.
Fareeha my child, get up. Brother Yousuf wants to see you.
My dear. Hey, you have a very high fever.
It's just an ordinary fever.
Why didn't you tell me if you were not feeling well.
I didn't want to bother you.
That's why I didn't tell you.
Get up, let's go to doctor.
Why? I will take medicine with tea then I will be alright.
No.
Not at all. Take this and get in brother Yousuf's car. We will go to doctor.
Look at my attire, I haven't changed my dress.
No problem.
Get up. Don't take tension. Everything will be alright.
You are injured and you are not eating anything as well.
Why have you got up? Lay down and close your eyes.
Dad, why are you getting this much worried?
It's only because of weakness and fever. I will be alright after taking medicine.
Be thankful that your hand got saved from being fractured.
I fell down and got injured.
But how do you fall down every time.
I can ask hospital management to provide you help if you want.
You should tell police the truth that your husband tortures you so that they can help you.
I am telling you that I fell down at home and got injured.
I don't know when will women stop being their own enemy?
Kiran, are you OK?
Yes.
I fell down at home it's a minor injury.
Are you alright?
I am feeling weakness because of fever.
How do you know Fareeha?
Where is Farhad?
Dad, she is Farhad's sister Kiran and Kiran he is my dad.
Greetings.
Farhad has no connection with my daughter now.
What do you mean?
I am feeling sad to see you in this condition.
After seeing my daughter in this condition, I won't send her back with Farhad.
Is everything alright? What happened Fareeha?
He beat my daughter.
She came to me with these injuries on her forehead and arm.
I beg you, please leave my daughter. She won't go back there.
Come on my child.
Kiran take care of yourself.
Who is there?
Who is there?
Kiran
Why did you beat Fareeha? Why did you beat her?
Tell me, how did you beat her?
I didn't do that.
I don't want to listen any nonsense and any clarification.
Did you see mom's condition throughout our life? Right?
Have you forgotten that?
No problem you can forget that. You forgot your mother's condition but your sister is in front of you.
So you should have seen your sister. So how
Explain that how did you beat her?
Has Shahzain done this?
Yes, he has done this. So what?
I will kill him.
Farhad.
Stop, stop, stop.
You keep fighting, arguing and showing anger all the time.
It is rightly said that once man starts to beat woman then he doesn't stop.
You love her more immensely. Right?
You love Fareeha immensely. Right?
You beat her. You beat her but why?
Tell me.
That happened in anger. I didn't beat her. That was just a mistake.
Mistake?
That happened mistakenly. No problem my brother. It happens.
No problem, you did that mistakenly and you will do that out of anger one day and you will do this to her as well.
You will do this to her Farhad. Right?
It happens by mistake.
Why didn't you tell me?
Because I was scared of your anger.
I got scared that you can do anything.
Kiran I am sorry.
No.
Kiran I am sorry.
Dad, trust me, Farhad didn't beat me.
Yes he was in anger and we were fighting.
He pushed me and I fell down. I got injured because of table.
It's been forty years since I married your mother.
We fought a lot and it happens in every relation. No relation is perfect.
But I never beat her.
And this pushing is also physical abuse.
Every relationship has a limit and a boundary and when that limit is crossed
Then the relationship starts to waver.
You came to me in injured condition.
I felt sorry. And when I saw his sister in hospital today, my blood boiled. She is his sister.
If an animal gets injured mistakenly or any dog or cat gets hit by car then we feel pain for that.
But what type of men are they who beat their wives?
They are like a black spot on humanity and manhood.
My belief has become more strong after seeing that girl in hospital today.
You won't go back to that house again.
Dad, I admit that Farhad has made that mistake but he is not like that.
The condition of his sister I saw in hospital today
This is a common problem in so many families.
I think this is a deep rooted problem of their family to beat women so we will have to check that.
I am only concerned for you.
I am only concerned about you.
I don't understand one thing that men claim to safeguard their women.
But they forget that devil is sitting within their bodies.
What else do you want to see except her broken arm?
A woman has to tolerate with that but you won't understand that.
Let him come in please.
I also want to talk to him.
I have given her medicine. She is taking rest now.
Did you know about that?
Farhad...
Kiran used to come here and met all of you.
Didn't you see her bruises and injuries?
Didn't you ask whether everything is alright?
She didn't tell anything.
How could I ask her to leave her husband?
It means that you knew about that.
I didn't know that matter has got this much intense.
I had to take care of everything.
She got married after great difficulty.
I didn't want to ruin her house.
But she was not happy in her house.
What else did you want to see except her injuries and broken arm?
A woman has to bear that but you can't understand that.
She has to bear that?
What did you get by tolerating throughout your life.
Life long pain, stress and depression.
Did you want the same lifestyle for your daughter?
Your dad was not like that.
He used to beat me out of anger when you were little kids.
But when you grew up he didn't beat me once.
But why did he beat you once mom? Why?
That shouldn't have happened once.
I tolerated what happened to me.
I was too young that's why I couldn't do anything.
But I won't let that happen again.
I want to see everyone happy and healthy.
I won't let that happened to Kiran again.
I will correct all my mistakes which I made in past.
Who is there? Why are you knocking the door so loudly?
Where is your son?
Why? What has he done?
Shahzain.
Hey.
Where is he hiding?
Who is making the noise mom?
Hey, are you in your senses?
I want to kill you but I promised Kiran that I will control my anger. Listen to me very carefully.
You will stay away from Kiran.
But why? She is my wife.
She is his wife. You have only looted my sister.
First in the name of dowry and now in the name of restaurant.
Ask him to leave my son otherwise I will call police.
OK, call police. We will show them medical report which clearly states that he used to torture Kiran.
He will be defamed in his bank.
Well, your golden bird went away now so you need your job badly.
We have made a complete list. We want everything back which we gave you in the name of dowry.
These curtains, sofa set, TV trolley and everything else.
In that way, your house will be empty. Right?
I won't spare you.
Hey.
My sister's promise has stopped me
otherwise I swear you wouldn't be able to stand on your feet today.
Listen to me very carefully.
You will stay away from Kiran. Understand?
No jojo no.
I am taking laptop back. Uncle gave that as well.
If you did anything wrong then I will empty your house.
Get lost from here. I will see you. You goons.
What will happen now?
Don't worry mom.
Who is there Hamid?
Hmm?
Can I meet Fareeha?
Farhad, I don't think that you should meet Fareeha now.
Let him come in please.
I also want to talk to him.
OK.
We are sitting in that room. Call us if required.
She wants to meet him.
How are you Fareeha?
I am fine. Have you talked to Kiran?
She has come back
Thank God. She was in very bad condition.
I am really embarrassed.
Whatever happened between both of us, I couldn't handle that properly.
I am very sorry.
You were right that we should give ourselves some time.
And I have got chance to think about everything.
Fareeha you are very nice. You are very nice.
I am a broken person.
Who took support of his anger throughout his life just to hide his anger.
I look good from outside but I am empty from inside.
Fareeha I don't deserve you.
There was a big difference between us since ever and that is there now and that will remain for ever.
I am not only talking about class. In every way.
In attitude and in nature.
From heart and mind.
So much difference in every way.
And I have understood that there is no match between us.
What do you want to say?
You can take divorce Fareeha.
I am ready to sign the documents.
I set you free from this relation.
What did you say to Fareeha?
 I thought that you are going there to fix everything.
I have fixed everything Jojo.
What are you talking about? If both of you won't stay together then how can everything be alright?
Can you live without her?
It's difficult to live without Fareeha. It's very difficult.
But I can't misbehave with her by staying with her.
That happened once and that too by mistake.
You didn't do that intentionally.
But that shouldn't have happened even once Jojo.
Honestly speaking, I am getting scared of my anger.
I don't know what I have hid in myself.
I don't know why I expressed anger on wrong person.
But I can't take this risk with Fareeha's life.
So it would be better for me to get out of her life.
Is he considering this a joke?
How can he say that so easily that it would be better to get divorce.
Zara, I can't believe it.
What is this going on with Fareeha?
I think as if she has got effected from an evil sight.
No, there is nothing like that. It's a result of blind love.
But you don't know that she still loves Farhad blindly.
But what will she get in the end? Divorce?
Aunt, tell me how can this be a reward of love?
But Zara.
Sorry aunt.
This is not their love. This is hasty approach and foolishness of both of them.
Why this has happened to my Fareeha?
Think about uncle.
He must be in great pain. 
First he tolerated with the humiliation when Fareeha ran away from house and now this divorce.
His heart must have been broken. 
He was very ambitious about Fareeha. She was his pride.
You are right but all of this is not very easy for Fareeha as well.
She will have to face this with great courage.
You should advise her.
Tell her that just forget whatever happened and try to move on and secure her future.
I will try to come in the evening.
But ask her to make that decision from her mind instead of heart.
OK Zara, bye.