All of us should accept God's will
and Farhad, you have to think about the future
he was telling me to take care of you guys
in fact, he has transferred his catering business on my name
Greetings!
Greetings! you did very well by coming here
how is Farhad?
I couldn't talk to him now, uncle (formally)
its ok, you'll get to talk to him
there is no need to worry, ok?
the situation is as such
as it is, let Farhad spend as much time as he wants to with his family. Ok?
but you're most welcome here
thank you, uncle (formally)
but there is a condition for staying here
what?
yes
now you will call me uncle (informally)
I mean, why are you calling me uncle (formally)?
you could say uncle (informally), or dear uncle
there are so many options though
No, I think uncle (informally) is fine
Okay uncle! Shall I lock this option?
yes
total disaster, right?
both of you shall sit & talk, meanwhile let me offer the prayers
Come, lets sit & talk
and you, please come quickly
Ok
how are you?
I don't know, aunt Shaggo
my heart is so heavy
neither I could attend the funeral
now I could go to offer my condolences
Farhad thinks, my presence will make his mother more upset
I don't know... 
but I am feeling so helpless 
I can understand
its such a strange time
for you.. 
and also for Farhad
but... 
dear, nothing can be done except for showing some patience
by the way, tell me something
after marriage, have you learnt how to show patience
or still your meter stays high?
sometimes I get crazy, honestly aunty Shaggo
really!
I have made your favorite dish Khauswey
thank you so much!
you know its been so long that I ate them
See then, here they are
Let Hamid come then we'll eat it together
Done!
I am going to the kitchen, please sit for a while
can I help you in something?
No, please keep sitting
mom
mom, please eat some food
mom, you haven't eaten anything since yesterday
please eat
its been so many days...
look at her
dad had passed away
and she is also being stubborn, she isn't touching the food
please eat some
for my sake
very nice!
I've been asking her since so long, but she wasn't eating anything
and upon Farhad's request, she ate immediately
by the way, its an open contradiction
don't be jealous
I am my mother's favorite
you will stay with me now, right?
I am here, mom
I am with you
but later, you'll go 
mom
Fariha is alone over there
you are not allowing her to come in this house
she is my wife
what shall I do?
Our cupbearer has been snatched away from us
and you are my only son
will you turn away your face from your responsibilities?
don't you want to live with me?
won't you live with me?
when am I turning away my face?
what is this contumacy?
which is never ending
will you go after leaving me alone?
Can't you live with me?
you won't live with me
don't cry, please
promise me, promise me right away that you'll stay here with me
you won't go anywhere
I promise you, I won't go anywhere
I will stay here with you
you guys did very well by coming here
the house was so quiet without you guys
yes, you did very well by coming here. Now go to the shop as a lot of work is pending there
dad, I want to discuss something with you
dad, I want to start my own business. I don't want to work with you in your shop
kindly give me my share from your business
did you hear Rashda, what our son is saying
yes, so what wrong thing I am saying?
This shop will always remain yours. he never likes any of my idea
dad look, I don't want to stay in a small shop in Kharadar (old Karachi area). I want to move ahead
Have you gone mad?
the shop of your ancestors which gave you everything
due to which you came at this point, so now its not enough for you?
so? even grandfather had given the share of inheritance to his children
uncle took away his share & did his business, right?
I also want my share
as it is dad, I cannot tolerate it anymore
its better to settle the matter inside our house, instead of visiting the courtrooms
are you out of your mind!
will you drag your father to the court for your share of inheritance?
Listen to what he is saying!
Saqib! What's wrong with you?
God forbid that this matter reaches to the courtrooms
talk politely, he is your father!
make him understand too
am I saying something wrong?
I brought so many buyers, and good deals. But he doesn't want to sell his shop
I don't want to sell my legacy
I don't want to sell my share of inheritance, that's it!
neither you'll sell the shop, nor you will give me my share of inheritance
you just want to keep me in your shop like a servant
ok go, I won't give you any share. Do whatever you want to
Yousuf, please talk politely
tell this to this ill-mannered guy to talk politely!
go to your room
we'll talk about it later
and don't come in front of me to discuss this matter
if you want anything then go to the court straight away!
he will do case on me!
please talk politely
why are you saying this to me? Tell him
hello Farhad, how are you?
Hello Fariha!
I am fine
Fariha, I am really sorry as I couldn't call you
are you fine, is everything fine?
yes, everything is fine. Don't take my tension & tell me how are you and how is everyone at home?
they are trying to cope up
Farhad, can I come over there to meet you & meet everyone at home?
No Fariha, it won't be right now
mom's condition is not well
she needs some time
I don't want her to take our her anger on you for no reason, if you come in front of her
are you getting my point?
of-course! Of-course I understand
just take care of you & tell me when will you come back home?
Fariha, I have to go as we are having continuous guests at our house. I'll call you later
take care, bye!
bye!
I was so upset with dad
I always used to feel that...
its better for us to stay away from the house
my life won't be affected by his absence
we never used to talk to each other properly
we always used to fight
now..
why I am feeling so hurt after his demise, Kiran?
I am feeling angry
upon myself
upon dad
we had fought when me met for the last time
why he didn't gave me a hug?
why did I fight with him?
why I didn't reach on time?
maybe at that time, we could have cleared out all the misunderstandings from each other
"Did you ever regret on loosing your son?"
this was my last sentence to him, Kiran
and he left us with this regret
and now, I will also stay in this regret for life time
Farhad
Farhad...
Farhad, can anyone change the past? tell me
yes?
the time will slip from our hands like sand
have we ever thought of it?
did we?
compose yourself
have you seen mom's condition?
you have Fariha's responsibility too
yes?
yes Farhad?
you will solace mom by staying here for sometime
what will happen then?
think about future
dad's...
dad's catering business
No no Farhad
honestly I didn't know that dad is about to do this
I didn't had any idea
that he will do this before his demise
he will put all the responsibilities on me, I cannot sit at his kitchen though
Kiran, he didn't had any other option
I had clearly refused that I don't have any connection with his catering business
Kiran...
is everything fine between you & Shahzain?
don't know why, I feel as if they have some hopes from us
Did he or his family later demand anything as dowry from you?
Kiran, tell me if there is any such thing. Let me go & talk to them right away and fix everything
No no, not at all
not at all
actually everyone is amazed, that's it!
everyone knew
everyone knew that dad wanted his catering business to be expanded further after his demise
it shall be continued, and his legacy shall remain intact
Who would have thought that before leaving...
he will choose me
how can I go & sit at his catering business?
Farhad
you have to take this responsibility
you have to handle the catering business now. Yes!
Kiran, dad never trusted me
he had announced his decision by transferring this catering business to your name
and believe me, I have no complaints at all
honestly!
this is your catering business
You can run it however you want
I am with you
why are you staring!
I am the owner of this company
and who are you! You don't even worth two bits
what is your worth?
Greetings Shahzain!
Greetings!
Do you plan to come back after getting your late father forgiven?
what do you mean, I didn't get you?
Kiran, if you could understand then you hadn't been in this condition
Anyways, do you plan to come back home or you plan to stay there?
Shahzain! my father had passed away
mom's condition is not well
who will handle my house? My mother needs me
what do you mean?
your mother is a mother, & my mother is nothing!
however she has a daughter-in-law in her house, but still she is standing in the kitchen & doing hard work. Can't you see that?
Shahzain, obviously I didn't mean that!
whatever you mean, I know it very well
come back home immediately, enough of your mourning & drama
Can't you hear, what I am saying?
I am listening!
immediately come back home
hmm...
Okay
I will talk to Farhad first, make some arrangements. Then I will come
one second!
who is this Farhad?
you are my wife, so you will do whatever I will ask you to do. Right?
I said come back home, so come! That's it
Ramsha, what are you doing? At least listen to me
I always say that your words have no importance
how many times I had told you that you cannot get this matter settled so easily!
so what shall I do?
Shall I drag my father to the court?
problems do get solved by talking
as if you will talk! And the problems will be solved after discussion
I have told you to give me some time. I will fix everything
nothing will be fixed, Saqib
I can see my own dreams getting shattered
why are you saying this?
they are not only your dreams, but mine too
I will fulfill them by any means
and you keep solacing me in this manner
later I feel so embarrassed
I am not solacing you. I promise you
God promise
I don't want to hear your promises
I am telling you, I won't let my children future gets destroyed
who will let them sacrifice? Aren't they my kids too?
I promise you. God promise!
Ramsha, your anger... I swear upon God, I get so afraid
smile now
I have done God promise to you
aunt, you could have told me so that I could have helped you
no no, everything is done. Come sit
what are you looking at?
before today, I have never seen you so happy
is uncle Hamid so good?
honestly speaking Fariha
I had stopped thinking about this phase of my life
I will get someone so loving & caring in this age
I had never thought of it
Honestly Hamid is such a good person
what's the connection of love with age?
we just impose such restrictions on ourselves for no reason
you are right, Fariha
I have learnt from you, how to live my life freely
I pray that the doors of my parents heart also gets open for me
Surprise!
Zara! Billu... how come they are here?
what were you thinking, that you will eat the khowsuey prepared by aunt all alone?
we will never let that happen
Zara had called me
when I told her that you are here, so both of them came running
hungry kids!
Well... Fariha, tell me something
why didn't you tell us about Farhad's father's death?
actually...
I was already surrounded by so many problems and...
then you guys had to lie at home because of me
that's why I didn't tell
hey! I am expert in this, as you know
and yes, I am training her too. It will take some time, but she'll come on our level soon
shameless! What non-sense you are uttering
Quickly sit, the lunch is piping hot. Let me call Hamid
Come on, quickly sit
uncle
yes dear?
uncle, I am going back to my house today
Okay dear
and I want to discuss something important with you before leaving
yes, tell me
actually its about the catering business
uncle, you know Farhad. He clearly refused that he won't sit there
he has clearly refused
Kindly handle & look after the things for a few days with Jojo
don't worry, together we'll take care of it
but... this catering business is in your fate
I am in a strange dilemma
I don't understand anything
for my entire life dad gave me this lesson
that a girl's real fate is her husband's house
and an outside world
is men property
and see, he granted me everything while leaving
why, what does it mean?
he might have experienced a miracle before his death
that's why his brain came to its right place
otherwise, his thinking was so old school in his entire life
Kiran, this catering business is your property
what your father wanted, nobody knows that more than you
if he had a heart's connection with someone
then dear, it was with you
you will understand what to do on the right time
now relax & go home. Ok dear? Go now
what are you doing?
I came to get mom's blood pressure medicine
what is all this, Jojo?
don't know which medicines she keep taking
I hid quite a lot of them
for what she takes the medicines?
a few are of anxiousness, some are sleeping pills
they are so many
but Jojo, mom doesn't visit any doctor. Then from where these medicines come?
she takes suggestion from every other person, & then bring that medicines at home
the aunt from the neighbors visits us usually
sometimes she tell her to try this medicine, or to try that medicine
and its getting too much, since you've gone
I try to stop her from my side but...
how much I can stop her
why didn't you tell me this earlier?
what would have happened, Farad? As you weren't here
She used to listen to you until you were here. 
She never listens to anyone except for you
She takes all the medicines whenever she gets a panic attack
Ask me, how I handle her
I don't understand how to react. I try to chill her, or calm her down
I will talk to mom once she feels better
Jojo look...
let me come back to this house
Fariha... my wife has to come back with me
are you getting my point?
Look, if I took Fariha name in front of mom then she'll get worried
what to do!
she will be fine
it will take some time, but she will be fine
handle both the places for now, & leave the tension of this house on me
I will see
are you back after mourning upon your father's death?
by the way, he was such a clever man
what did he think?
everything will change by doing all this?
and I am sure
you must have said something due to which that old hag changed!
Shahzain
believe me, I haven't said anything to anyone
nothing is going to change by saying!
this catering business will be sold out
Shahzain!
listen to me very carefully
this catering business in my father's last memorial
its his entire life's hard work. I won't let it get sold
he came to you, because he trusted you
Oh... so you want me to sit at that worthless catering business & serve rice & curry to the people. Right?
in fact no! Lets do one thing
He had transferred it on your name, right?
So my wife will sit there
she will serve rice & curry to the people over there
my wife doesn't work inside the kitchen, yet she'll run the catering business
Shahzain!
listen to me very carefully
He trusted me, I won't let this catering business get sold
just because you've got the property so you've got a long tongue now
but I have to teach you a lesson
I have to teach you a lesson...
Shahzain
what Shahzain?
Speak up!
speak up
hello Farhad!
Hello Fariha, where are you?
I came home
Farhad, I was alone at home so I came to aunt Shaggo's house
aunt Shaggo?
Fariha, I came here to see you after leaving behind a lot of my work. I was tensed that you are all alone here
and you are at your aunt's place!
at least, you could have informed me before going
Farhad, I didn't wanted to disturb you
I thought, you'll call me once before coming. I am coming right away
its not about disturbing. At least, you could have sent a text
right now I have to go to the hospital to get the death certificate
Also, I had to visit my dad's grave for the name plate. I have many other works to do, but I came here for you
Farhad, let me come now. Let me come immediately
Its ok, Fariha
we'll talk later
Farhad please...
hello! yes Irfan, all ok?
Sorry to disturb you at this time, but there is some tension
what happened, all good?
boss is angry with you
why?
didn't you tell him that my father had passed away?
I had told him, but he is saying that how can Farhad took an off without applying for the leave
oh man...
alright, let me send an online application right away
don't do this mistake, boss will become more furious
do one thing, come to office talk to boss. Submit the application form & leave
I know its an ordinary formality but..
boss is making this an issue
are you getting my point?
yes, alright. I am coming in a while
if you want to save your job, then come right away
otherwise, boss is waiting that somehow he gets a chance to do something against you
are you listening?
Okay, I am coming
I will come after changing
sorry to hear about your father
are you fine now?
anyways, I had made this for you
just submit it quickly & leave
hey thank you Mr. Farhad
thank you so much for coming to the office
you have done a favor on our company by applying for the leaves
Sir, actually my father had passed away that's why I couldn't apply for the leave. But let me do it right away
what do you think of yourself?
if anyone's death happens in the family, then one needs to take a day off by submitting the leaves form
and have to inform the management
and are you above the rules?
or was your father some unique person!
why are you staring now?
why are you staring!
I am the owner of this company
and who are you! You don't even worth two bits
what is your worth?
this is my worth!