you shall make me the bad guy in the entire world
you shall be firm!
 So that people will say that he is the stubborn go, don't argue with him 
mind your own business, ok!
there is no need to become a sacrificial animal
will you relax now?
 let them come tomorrow and discuss the matter first, then we'll see
hello! greetings... 
Freeha?
you are the first person who took my name correctly! 
it had to happen 
she had married outside the community after so many fights
 so its obvious
yes yes, I do understand
its such a hefty amount, what are you explaining me?
the need is as such, I am helpless. What to tell you
yes yes
Okay brother, I can understand
Bye!
what did he say?
what he has to say?
he has refused
none of my acquaintance is so rich to lend me such a hefty amount in one go
whatever I have earned until today, I have done with my own hard-work
I have never begged in front of anyone
I am feeling so helpless right now
Don't say this, whatever you've done until today you've always done for us
even now you are doing for your daughter
we are just asking for a loan, we'll return it at the right time
maybe the situation gets better if Farhad starts his job
he doesn't care at all!
he would have realized if he had faced such situation or would have faced these difficulties
he is busy in his own world
will he do a favor on us by doing some job?
hey listen!
yes
just talk as I have told you, got it?
why are you saying the same thing again & again?
 I've understood
do it yourself. Talk to her!
No, do it yourself... come on
you are ruining everything
do it now
hello!?
hello! Can I speak to maam Freeha?
speaking...
actually sir Farhad had asked me to contact you, as we have to do a meeting with you for an event
so our presentation is ready
okay, who is this speaking?
I am his manager
I wanted to confirm whether our meeting is done for today at the same location that you had sent
yes, its confirmed
thank you so much! 
Maam, let me inform sir Farhad
Okay
manager...
are you crazy? What was the need to do this drama?
oh brother, there is something called putting your impression!
so you should have called her at our kitchen, she would have seen our antics too
kitchen! antics? are you out of your mind?
brother, packaging is everything. Got it?
look what he is saying..
what shall I wear at the meeting, tell me
what do you mean?
why will you go?
won't you make me eat anything after such a hard work. Miser!
see you later
he is so weird!
hello!
hi!
Greetings! How are you?
You are looking so pretty
is everyone fine at home?
ok ok, tell me about uncle & aunty
very nice...
you smell so good, right?
hi!
hello!
how is your leg now?
its fine, completely fine
Thank God! Do you know I was so worried
were you worried?
yes...
for me?
yes, you had an accident. You had reached to the hospital, I was so guilty
hey, its no problem. Accidents do happen, its ok
you are quite understanding
thank you!
shall we start?
oh yes...
you were telling me that your function is a bit small. Is it for close friends & family?
look at this
we have decided a very classy setup for this
white tent, cocktail table & fairy lights along with it
And for food we have decided...
for starters, we'll have dynamite prawns, fresh juices & spring rolls
there is a lot more as well, but we'll add it later
lets come on the main dinner
we'll have live BBQ, along with live Tandoor (a place to make flat breads). Ok?
and then comes the dessert bar
actually I was thinking something simple
oh!
hmm...
and...
the setup is also very plain. I need something colorful
colorful?
and... the food is also very hi-fi.. .
the food is hi-fi?
I am thinking to get one cauldron of Beef Biryani (rice) & Korma (curry) as well
you want a cauldron?
yes
you may bring a nice cutlery set & dishes
and the tents shall be colorful along with the colorful cushions with contrast
you know, something pink & orange type
I see...
is there any problem?
No no, there isn't any problem. We'll do whatever you say
Great!
you really didn't like anything in it?
These dynamite prawns?
No no, its nice but you know just not my taste
but your live Tandoor idea is good
piping hot flat breads will be a great combination with Korma, keep Sheermal as well
Okay
I need malpura (sweet pancake) in dessert
what?
Malpura?
don't you know about it?
you are running such a big food business, & you don't know about Malpura?
I think you should do your homework
my family is very serious about Malpura, if anything gets wrong here then my reputation will be ruined
no no, nothing will be wrong. I will get it arranged
Malpura? It will be done
Okay then send me the quotation
quotation?
yes! once you'll send the quotation then I will decide whether to hire you or not
you may pay whatever comes in your budget
think about it!
I have already thought
Okay, see you then
Bye!
Malpura?
what is this?
cauldron, she needs a cauldron?
so sister-in-law is of our type, you were impressing her with your English for no reason
we do catering..
bring her to her kitchen straight away
its fine that she needs this level of event, but I will do whatever I know
then refuse her
are you mad?
I can do this event for her free of cost
she was looking so happy
her smile is so good!
I can't stop looking at her
have you taken drugs?
what is going on here?
dad actually..
he has brought a new client, uncle
really? how come all of this had happened?
go place the order to Shamshad & mention the correct date
the date is mentioned on his heart
what did you say?
I will mention it, dad
go mention it & explain him
what are you doing here? Leave!
come on
Greetings!*
I have a news for you all
what?
I have arranged a dance function for Zara on Saturday
one more dance function? Why so?
why not? Nothing was done from my side
the family is doing everything together, so what's the point of doing anything separately?
all those functions are boring functions of elders
this will be only children function, no elder will be allowed
aunty...
malpura! you are the best
No no, if we cannot come then you cannot get this too
let the children enjoy sometimes
Fine, keep your malpura with you. I have done all the arrangements
which arrangements?
the planning for dance function is going on, that too from Freeha's side
what's the need of it?
just now I was checking the budget, already the expenses are a lot
I had talked to dad, he said do it
Fine! Whoever wants to come can come, and whoever don't want to come shall not come
lets go Zara
we'll order a malpura from outside
uncle, I wanted to discuss something with you about the budget
we'll sit & talk about it once brother comes
it was Freeha's idea, we haven't said anything
Besides, does it look appropriate to talk about the budget in between all?
learn something from your father
its all dad's fault
he has spoiled everyone
brother Farhad, check with the suzuki guy. Why is he taking so long?
even the cauldron is still left
ask him brother
what?
let me check
Shamshad...
yes
what is malpura?
Malpura!
its a memoni sweet dish
and from where we'll get the best one? I mean for some function or so
by the way, there is no as such demand of it. But you'll get it from Burns road (food street)
Listen! we need it for Saturday's function
find out from where we'll get the best of all
oh boss, don't you worry. I am here
hey Shamshad... have you delivered everything?
one is left
one is left? why!
actually the suzuki was busy, I will send the cauldron as soon as it gets free
its almost evening time, it was important to deliver there. Have you gone mad?
do one thing, call the rickshaw let me deliver it
how will you do it? Let me deliver it
don't talk too much, you light weight wrestler
go bring the rickshaw
Ok I am bringing it
hey Farhad, what are you doing while sitting in the kitchen?
we don't do such things here, you have to go with me for the delivery
dad, why in the rickshaw? Let me call a taxi online
what is this?
dad, its an application to call a taxi
so does the car drives with the help of a computer?
oh no dad, we just use an application to order a taxi
oh please leave it, I don't want to sit in your computer car. Don't know where will it take us
oh dad, its completely safe. Its for your convenience
I don't need any ease, rickshaw is fine for me. Got it?
tell me something, why are you so scared of the technology?
I am not scared of it!
I don't need it
come on, the rickshaw is here. Put the cauldron in it, I'm coming
we could easily go in the cab, but No.. 
he won't get any peace without bothering anyone
very good, come on!
be careful... hey be careful!
your biryani is fine, nothing happened to it
I hope you don't get hungry at all because you keep taunting continuously 
Wow! look at your age... 
we used to deliver ample cauldron in your age, and that too on different floors
you are great!
again you are taunting! I am telling you, you will start vomiting
hey brother, where are you?
Greetings!*
Are you Aurangzeb?
yes yes
the groom?
yes yes
congratulations!
thank you, sir
are you the kitchen's owner?
yes, Yaqoob Karim Baksh & my son Farhad Yaqoob Karim Baksh from Karim Baksh & Sons
I thought he must be some young man
Greetings!
do you find him an old uncle? 
He is Farhad Yaqoob Karim Baksh, owner of the kitchen
Okay, here is your money
thank you!
thank you, sir
brother Shahid, you have to serve this food
oh brother no... brother Shahid, please sit
there is no need to worry at all, I am here. Not to worry
We have to mix it, we'll serve you after mixing it once
but there is still time in serving the food
how much time is there? We'll wait for a while, no problem
am I only getting this personal attention or do you give it to everyone?
No no, actually our Biryani is famous because there is a specific way of mixing it
if you don't mix it in that way, then the person eating it won't get an appropriate taste
Sir, that's why your kitchen is so famous
thank you!
Ok sir, let me tell you within ten minutes
do let us know ten minutes prior
Ok ok
come on, line up this. Hurry up!
hey, what are you looking at? At least pass me the cloth
Boss..
please get the food served
oh brother, the main thing is how deal with the cauldron
if you don't mix each & every rice of the cauldron with the mean then neither you get great taste nor the real taste of its spices
Biryani's cooking has a separate value, but the real thing is its mixing
which is only taught by a mother's prayers & a teacher's hand
if you over cook them a bit then the rice can loose its charm
you were absolutely correct! the food was really tasty
everyone loved it! Sir, there is some magic in your hands
there is no as such magic or so. Its just the love & affection of the person serving it & eating it
oh wow sir! It was really good
we shall leave now
thank you, sir
lets go dear
thank you, brother
thank you!
Sir, you can pay whatever is easy for you
its no problem even if you don't pay
and I found Ms. Freeha quite wise
there is no question of making her a fool
how do you know Freeha?
hello!
did I wake you from your sleep?
No no, I was awake. I get up early morning
really? I hate to wake up early morning. Don't know what kind of people are those who wake up early morning
honestly speaking..
I was sleeping right now
so why you have lied?
I don't know what happens to me
whenever I talk to you, I get anxious
your anxiousness will start now! As Saturday's plan has been confirmed
really?
Yes! but everyone loves to eat delicious food in our family
so if there is amiss in anything then we'll do your boycott
No no, don't you worry. I will handle everything. Don't worry
Okay then see you at my house
house?
So, won't you see the location prior where you need to do the arrangements?
yes yes, I will visit your house as well for sure
Okay see you then, let me send you the address
Okay
they are not wrong
he has to apologize since he has done the mistake
we have to talk to him
otherwise, the matter can get worsen
what needs to be discussed with me?
they are saying that they are ready to forget everything
if you apologize to them
apology?
yes apology..
now since you've made a mistake, so you should apologize
I haven't said anything wrong
but you've talked in a wrong manner!
you cannot apologize...
but you do want your sister's engagement to be called off due to your ego, right?
why are you standing like a film's hero? Answer me!
See... did you see?
what will happen now?
what will happen more? Just see whatever had happened already
what will happen now!
by the way I should be upset with you
but obviously! Even this time I came to talk to you like always
So, why are you here to talk? Don't talk
I am a kid, everyone thinks that I am crazy
I say whatever comes into my mind
what I had said is not important
but how I have talked, everyone is stuck on it
Farhad...
why don't you get it that few matters are quite sensitive
a lot of relations are associated with it
everything will be scattered
are you truly ready to please Shahzain &his family for lifetime?
Look Shahzain is a good person at heart
I have been engaged to him for past 2 years
I am not doing it for mom & dad, I Like him. He is not perfect, but he is nice
and Farhad, a person needs to fight for some relations
do you think this fight is worth it?
you'll fight for that mummy daddy guy?
yes! I will
See, I cannot explain you these things in words. They can only be felt
you talk so filmy dialogues
Alright then
once you'll truly fall in love, then I will see
presently you keep fighting with others, but you'll burn down the entire society then
not at all! I only fight on right matters
everyone has ruined my reputation for no reason
and this love or so has a different place, but Kiran being practical is also very important
really?
Ok Mr. Practical, can you please say sorry to Shahzain's family?
for me
please
farhad...
honestly, I am just doing it for you
I would have never apologized if there had been someone else
thank you! 
You are great!
oh wow! you should be doing a cricket team's coaching
why are you wasting your life by marrying?
Billu, what are you eating? Give me as well
by the way, what will you keep in the dinner at the dance gathering?
my dear, I will keep anything of your choice
that is the most important, you know
first I will get the menu finalized from you
right now our priority is that where do we have to do the event
we can do in the lawn as well, we'll serve the dinner at the drive way
but the lights will look really good at the rooftop at night time, but there is a limited space
So, lets do it in the lawn then. As per space we are good
by the way, aren't you getting so excited about this function?
a lot of functions are done already, my jaw is hurting while smiling continuously
do one thing, leave this function
as it is, very less time is left in the wedding ceremony
No... this function is special
why its special?
why?
because I am doing it
and we enjoy a lot in such functions. Otherwise, after marriage the life is same.. boring
No, I think the real life starts after marriage
No, I enjoy the most in these functions
we make so many new clothes, all the family gathers, we get to eat such a delicious food
I enjoy the most in these functions
I feel like attending only such functions, and the wedding ceremony can be done later
hmm... just think that where are we doing the event as the catering guys will be here anytime
alright then, lets visit the rooftop once. Then we'll decide & confirm
again on the rooftop? I am not going, I've been doing the same thing since morning
Fine, don't do the gym today. You've already done enough of exercise. Lets go!
sister... 
both of you shall go, I am not going
pick up the phone...
yes, greetings!
talk to my son, come on
talk to them
apologize...
Greetings!
this is Farhad speaking
I...
I wanted to apologize
I shouldn't have talked to you guys like this
forgive me if possible
say sorry in english
ok talk to dad
hey!
yes?
are you done with apology? Now end this matter, as he is a kid
shall we discuss something between the elders now?
some important discussions are still left
that last row is left, take it off as well
See, all the flowers have dried up
its a wedding house. So, each & every flower shall be fresh until the wedding is over
change all of them
one shouldn't cater so much of tantrums of these people
No sister, whatever I am doing I am doing with the bottom of my heart
all of you have such a good heart, that's why everyone else takes advantage of it
sister, the actual matter is that you always talk about distribution
try uniting all the family members, maybe the thinking will be changed
I am not habitual of interfering in others matters
whatever I have said, its for your betterment
maybe you don't have any idea
but I am observing how worried Saqib is because of the wedding expenses
and these people's desires are never ending
sister, nobody has expressed any desire
whatever I & dad are doing, we are doing it from the bottom of our heart
you also don't get so worried
Farhad... stop!
farhad
thank you!
thank you...
thank you!
thank you!
Ok ok welcome!
I have some work to do, now leave
go now!
hello... hello maam!
hi!
hey there
hey!
her family must be there as well
No no, leave it
what's up?
what's up!
what's up?... whatsApp!
what's up?
what's up...
right?
Greetings (formal)
Greetings (formal)
Greetings!
what are you doing?
what are you doing? 
You have been practicing to say "hello" since morning
it will be an evening time before you discuss something else
listen! help me if you can otherwise leave
oh my dear, the entire game is of confidence
See, check this!
sister-in-law likes bright colors, why are you wearing such sober colors?
if I will wear this color in the daylight, then I will look like a walking red signal
Confidence brother! Confidence...
whatever you wear, or do... do it with confidence
then the game is on
remember, what sister-in-law had said
I don't like plain
now look, plain means sober... average
boring!
now tell me
do you want to impress or depress?
hey listen!
she forgot her diary
Stock Exchange!
stop here! this is the place
Motivala House! the bungalow seems really good
your future is also bright, come on
wait! wait a second. Don't go like this
don't go like this
what is this?
what are you doing?
at least put some perfume
are you done? Shall we go?
lets go!
hey hero!
where?
we are going inside
whom do you want to meet?
Ms. Freeha
did she call you guys?
we aren't giving her any surprise, obviously she has called us
I mean, for what you are going?
hey listen, isn't he Moti?
his attitude seems that way
wait a second...
I know his treatment
oh uncle, why are you taking tension? How are you? Enjoy your life
got it?
no tension
shall I get you some tea?
Thank you!
lets go!
who is this?
Sir, we are catering guys
we came to see the function for location, I mean we came to see your location for the function
Come
take off your glasses
greetings!
is Ms. Freeha here?
have you sent this quotation?
yes sir
such a hefty amount of food & tents?
that girl is stupid, she comes in anyone's talks. But I have to make the payment
I won't give this much amount
Sir, you can pay whatever is easy for you
its no problem even if you don't pay
and I found Ms. Freeha quite wise
there is no question of making her a fool
how do you know Freeha?
actually our catering business is quite famous
so she must have got to know about it from somewhere
right?
As it is, we don't prolong the discussion whenever customers comes to us
we just take their order
why are you get so much dressed up?
why are you questioning me a lot?
which spy you are becoming? I have just applied some lipstick
there is something for sure! You seem quite different
hurry up, the catering guys are here
so, what's there to worry about?
the matter is worrisome, because they met brother Saqib
 brother Saqib!
yes...