brother Zaman, if you don't mind. I mean if you don't have an objection
then I want to do the wedding & wedding reception as soon as possible
take me away from here, Farhad
take me with you
brother Saqib, that guy has gone to sister Freeha's room
I won't spare him!
have you gone mad? There has been a spectacle outside, Farhad. We cannot leave now
I will handle all that
my brother will kill you!
Asif... Rehan
why are you eating a lot of sweets, your sugar will get high
it gives energy
here is your piping hot tea
Sir, this is for you
thank you so much! Now don't stay busy in making the breakfast for an entire day
go, check over there what the lighting guys have done
switch on each & everyone of them then check
you are still roaming around with the garlands? Hang it somewhere
Ok
sister, where shall I hang it?
hang it on my head. In fact, which flowers have you brought? They are wrong, we need other ones
ok maam
look at her, what are you doing sister?
hey, I am getting henna applied
you could have got it done from the girls who are coming to apply henna to Freeha
I've been busy in work since morning, just now I got some time to sit
brother... hey brother, the lights
you've hanged only one string over there, & here you have hanged 3. I want the entire staircase covered
Ok sir, it will done
what are you doing? Are you looking?
let me get it done
have you done the payment?
only 50%
ok then, do the rest of the payment after the function
okay... I don't find his work correct
oh dear, this is not a playground what is this? They are working here
hey wait, I'm coming. Who is it?
Greetings!*
we are here to apply henna
Ok do one thing, go over there. Its the way towards inside
its looking such a big party
be quiet
just pray that we could leave soon from here
I hope we'll be able to leave safely from here
yes yes, we will
I am feeling so afraid
don't worry, lets go inside
I hope nothing will happen
yes, over here
Greetings!
who are you?
Greetings!
we have come to apply henna
Oh ok. Billu
Billu!
Billu, they are here to apply henna. Take them to Fareeha's room
okay
please come with me
be quick, we are short of time
go up then turn right
who is it?
we are here to apply henna
Greetings!
come quickly
one minute
here is your money
who is it?
its me Freeha, open the door
yes Zara?
have you got your henna done?
I was just discussing the design
come on then, lets apply it together
I was thinking to surprise you all with my henna design
So, you shall go. I will show you once its done
I was thinking to get it applied together, we would have enjoyed a lot
if both of them will quickly apply on my hands then they'll be able to do yours too
I think, until then you should go & help aunt Shaggo. As she was calling you
do call me then
ok, I will call you
alright then, quickly take out the henna cones
thank God that everything is going good
yes
why you've put the light here? There is a mirror over there, fix it
yes
come on, good boy!
hey wait
yes..
dear listen, come here
here you go, my child
take this, now go. Stay blessed & happy
only one string shall be put on one light
absolutely!
hey wait..
yes
I have to get my henna done as well
right now she is not feeling well, let me go & drop her. Meanwhile, you get your pedicure done
lets go
no matter whoever says anything or ask any question. Don't stop, and keep walking towards outside
Okay?
no need to listen to anyone
just...
are you guys done?
yes...
Ok, thank you so much. Go
brother, take out the lunch for the henna girls. Let me send Freeha's lunch
hey Ramsha, kindly give Freeha's food to her room as her henna application will take almost 2 to 3 hours. I have so much of work inside the kitchen
she will stay hungry
even I have got so much of work
I cannot put morsels in her mouth. I am taking this tray, ask Zara or Billu to feed her
Ok please take the tray, meanwhile let me do rest of the work
Aunt Shaggo only sees me
Freeha
Freeha
Saqib
dad...
Saqib! Saqib...
dad! Saqib
what happened, why are you making so much of noise?
dad, the noise will be made now!
your daughter has runaway from the house
what rubbish you are uttering?
what are you saying? Have you gone mad? Are you crazy!
I am absolutely fine. I wish you had fix your dearest daughter's mind on the right time
how is this possible, Saqib? She must be somewhere in the house, go find her
Zara, call her
brother, please sit down
Maqsood, go. Check her inside the garden
brother, don't worry. She must be somewhere here. Have patience
She has gone, after humiliating me
her number is also switched off
how is this possible?
how can she leave in such a full house?
even the security guard didn't see her
how is this possible!
I've checked the garden, she is not there
also I have asked the security guard, he said he didn't see her
who was the last one to go inside Freeha's room?
these henna application girls had gone, in fact Freeha didn't left her room since so many days
stand up...
stand up!
who was the last one to enter Freeha's room?
answer me, else I will call the police
brother, after your booking Ms. Freeha had called
She said, "She will pay us 50,000 rupees if I gave her my veil & helped her in eloping"
oh God! What kind of a girls they are
their minds works so evil
what have you done?
do you guys help the girls to elope from their houses?
Saqib, call the police!
no maam, we are poor people. It won't happen again, please forgive us
you've destroyed us!
Freeha has destroyed us
if our own coin is fake, then how can we accuse someone else!
leave the phone, Saqib
sister, the wedding is right after 2 days. What will we tell people?
We will bring her back before the wedding
I won't let her get this family so much insulted
we will bring her back & if I had to get her signatures forcefully. I will get it done
she will wed off from this house
and after that, her every relation, connection or association with this house will be finished
Saqib...
you won't say anything now, dad
you've done it as per your way, now I will do it as per my way
where will you find her?
she must have eloped with the same guy
does anyone knows his address, friend or any acquaintance
that guy's cousin have a gym, Billu had been there
maybe we get any update from there
where is the gym?
Freeha
drink some water
Jojo must be coming with the mineral water
he will bring the rest of the necessary items
will we stay here?
I could only arrange this in such a short time
but don't you worry, let me do something
here you go, brother
can you arrange some better place than this?
yes, what were you saying?
yes, I was saying. Can you arrange some better place than this?
be thankful that you got this one. We just wanted some place to hide right now
let the matter cool down a bit, then we'll see
ok listen, do bring some bed sheet & towel
but the bed sheet is already here
I am asking for a clean bed sheet. Can't you see she is drinking mineral water
ok fine, let me see
ok listen! You both shall not go anywhere from here
people will see & ask questions, then it will be a problem. I am coming in a while
would you like to have some biscuits?
No, you may eat
in fact, sit down. Let me clean it for you
sit down & eat peacefully
come
go over there
bring him here
come... come on!
come!
bring him too
come on
come!
come with me
bring him here
bring him!
where is he?
what is this misbehavior?
we haven't started misbehaving as of yet
whatever brother is asking tell him clearly, else we'll thrash you so hard
leave me!
continue breaking the things until we find both of them
ok brother
lets go!
where are you running away? Go back to the gym
brother Jojo, haven't you paid the bribe?
what happened?
the goons are destroying your gym
is this your father's property that you are breaking?
catch him!
catch him, right away!
brother Yousuf
brother Yousuf, please eat something as you haven't eaten anything since morning
this way your blood pressure will become low
he is not eating anything, not even medicine
brother Yousuf
brother Yousuf, you were our strength
I've lost
in the biggest test of my life
I've lost in doing the upbringing of my child
No...
here you go madam, Farhad's special piping hot noodles
this isn't the food
they are so harmful for health, as it contains plastic
please eat it for now, later I will bring you a pizza
isn't there anything else to eat?
what about chips?
fruits? biscuits?
Ok, eat this right now. I will ask Jojo to bring bun kebabs while coming back
but still I won't eat this, I want bun kebab
Jojo!
what happened?
what happened?
who did this?
such a bad scene has happened
her brother came in the gym, with so many goons
they have ruined my entire gym
they are looking for both of you like crazy people
I've left from there with a lot of difficulty while saving my life
whatever you've planned for next, you have to do it quickly
what will happen now?
I am asking the question here
where is Farhad?
how dare you to enter my house?
hey!
be thankful that I came here alone, the police didn't come
your father isn't well since Farhad had gone
but he never tells me
he just fights on petty matters & get angry
and then go inside to lye down
one & only son are the biggest support for an elderly age
now if they will bend down the shoulders, then getting unwell is evident
greetings dad!
Greetings! 
when did you come?
just a while ago, not that long ago
Okay, nobody told me
you were sleeping, and mom was telling me that you aren't well. That's why we haven't disturbed you
she has made a spectacle of me
she makes me a shop of diseases if I rest for a while
nothing happened to me, I am fine. I was just tired that's why I had lied down
dad, can I help you?
do one thing, visit the kitchen while going back from here
give me the accounts after taking them from Shamshad, I will submit it tomorrow morning
ok dad, it will be done. In fact, leave it. I will come tomorrow morning, so that you can count & then I will submit the amount myself
what to count or so, dear. You may count them
count & submit them. Later give me the receipt so that I can put them in the file
Okay, as you wish
oh...
who would have come at this hour?
let me check
in the name of God...
is this Farhad's house?
yes, its Farhad's house. Who are you people?
where is he?
he is not at home, who are you guys?
What is this misbehavior, who are you?
Farhad!
who are you?
what is happening here?
Kiran!
I am asking the question here
 where is Farhad?
how dare you to enter my house?
 hey!
be thankful that I came here alone, the police didn't come
why will the police come?
don't pretend to be so naive
your son has eloped with my sister
my son has not done any such thing!
she has left a letter, don't know what magic you've casted on her. In what low class family she has got herself into!
you must be of low class, talk with manners
let me tell you right away
go, check the house. Go!
hey, don't you dare to enter my house
one minute dad
dad, let them search
go, come on
why are you getting yourself insulted in the neighbors because of Farhad? Let them satisfy themselves that Farhad is not here
you aren't doing the right thing
look properly, come on!
check, where is he
where are you hiding?
look properly
look for him properly in each & every corner. Check, where he is hiding
he must be in some room, check each & every corner
yes sir? Here! where have you hid the hero?
what happened?
he is not here
Look properly, each & every corner. He must be hiding there
brother, whom you are looking for?
where is your Hero?
he...
where is your hero Farhad? Where have you hid him?
he is not at home, brother
what happened?
boss, we have searched each & every corner of the house but he is not here
until when he will hide
lets go!
I will find him for sure
hey...
boss, we have searched the entire house but nobody is there
where have you hid him?
we are honorable people, and after this incident we don't have any relation with him
we'll tell you as soon as we get to find him, you may give him to the police then
ok enough!
my guys will keep an eye here
do let me know if you get any hint
I will kill him once I find him!
lets go
Yaqoob, for God sake did you hear them?
he fled away with his sister
I will strangle him to death as well if I find him
everyone is coming inside so openly!
Freeha, why are you getting worried?
I am here, I will handle
Farhad, what will happen if brother Saqib reaches here?
he won't reach, how will he?
what if he reaches here?
didn't you see how badly he had treated Jojo & gym
what will happen?
I don't know what he is going to do, if he reaches to you
Freeha, he won't be able to
even if reaches, then I will handle everything
don't you worry
I am feeling so scared
oh Freeha...
at least don't cry
look here
let me bring water for you, ok?
No, no... I will come with you
Freeha, I will be back within 10 minutes. Stay here, its better for you to stay here
No, its better for me to stay with you Farhad. I will come along with you
please
come.. 
don't worry
thank you!
take it
do you want anything else?
answer her, what is she saying
so cute...
oh, you are hungry?
Wait
what happened? are you afraid?
why are you getting afraid? Feed them, they are hungry
oh, you are so hungry. What's your name?
Come, sit
 What's your name?
take it, this too
here you go
take it, wait
here you go. What are you doing, Farhad? Open it & give them
he will open it itself
what are you saying!
don't be afraid
what is your name?
you were so hungry?
nobody feeds you? come on
here you go, what is your name?
look over there
come near & feed them with your hands. Come
come on, feed them with love. See
look at them
come, sit
what do you think, what kind of a father I am?
you are the best, dad 
very nice
if you love your father even a bit and you honor my respect a bit
then don't do any drama
I beg you... please
No please.. no
the noise will be made now, dad
as your daughter has eloped from the house
in previous times, fathers used to bury their daughters alive
but now, daughters bury their fathers alive
sister...
actually the groom's family wanted to speak to you
what will I talk to them?
they wanted to bring Freeha's wedding gifts
they want to give it to Freeha themselves, as its their traditional ritual
so make an excuse, for sure Saqib will bring a good news
he is out since morning to find her
after all, until when we are going to stall them
we have only tomorrow's day, as wedding is day after tomorrow. What if we won't be able to find Freeha till then?
we'll see it later
until then handle them
and can't you even do this much?
brother, we'll find her
she will realize her mistake
I don't know
I know nothing
don't advocate from his side at all, got it?
I have always ignored & forgiven his every mistake
but I had never thought that the matter will reach to this extent
give him a chance to clarify his position once
what? That guy's men are keeping an eye on my house. Anytime it will become a police case
and where is he, with which girl he is. Do you know anything?
to whom shall I give a chance to clarify? At least, bring him here
also that Jojo is missing
he must have escaped with him. I will thrash both of them very badly
for a girl, he didn't even think that how we'll feel
that's the problem, Ms. Shamim. He never thinks
he thinks he is so sensible, later we have to face the consequences
be generous now
you've lost your son
a person who couldn't become of his parents then how will he become of someone else?
even I had bowed down in front of my parents will. I got married to you
did I fulfill the responsibility or not? everyone does that.
Is he someone special?
listen to me
now whether he wanders on the road or stays in the prison, I don't care
I couldn't teach him anything
now I think he will learn by this way
hello!
Farhad, where are you? Do you have an idea that what you've done
Kiran, I didn't had any other way out
listen to me, are you in your senses?
do you have an idea my brother, what you've done & what a big trouble has arise because of your action?
I haven't told you so that it won't be a problem for you
the problem has already arise, ok?
Freeha's brother came to our house door while searching for both of you
he entered our house with his men, he searched the entire house
what do you mean that he had misbehaved?
honestly, you were thinking that you'll do such a big silly mistake & it won't affect us?
I will see all this later
give me only one day's time, I will fix everything!
really! ok, what will happen in one day?
Farhad, for God sake don't do any such thing that we have to bear its consequences for lifetime, Ok?
Kiran, I am already so tensed right now. I need your support at this time
listen to me very calmly
lets meet, we'll sit & talk. I want to see you, please send me your address
I will come, we'll sit & talk peacefully. Ok? relax
whose phone it was?
it was mom
mom?
Shahzain
you will lie to me for that disgusting man
he is my brother
he is in trouble
he has made all these troubles for himself
do you know..
Shahzain
both of you brother & sister have one problem
Shahzain!
this!
this is the problem of both of you, you bring troubles to yourself
don't lie to me next time, understand?
Shahzain... 
come on
Farhad's address is here
brother Saqib will be very happy to hear this
No no Shahzain, no... 
Shahzain
hello!
there is a good news for you
I have found your sister
who is this speaking?
the brother in law of that wanderer. I have told you that I will tell you once I get to know about him
quickly send me the address
yes, but I have one condition
now you've come to the point
tell me, how much money do you want?
hey no no, there is no need of it
I just want you to make his video whenever you thrash him
and upload it on the internet
so that people shall get a lesson that their daughters & sisters shouldn't live with such hooligans
I don't want anything else than this
it will be done, send me the address
yes, let me send you
now I will enjoy
when did you wake up?
 I haven't slept
why?
I couldn't sleep while thinking that today you'll become Mrs. Farhad
and I will become Mr. Freeha
hello!
Farhad, listen to me! Get out of there, run away from there immediately!
what happened, Kiran?
I don't have time to tell you anything right now. Freeha's brother has got to know your address. Leave that place as soon as possible
Farhad...
what happened?
Freeha, they are here