we have to start our family in the future, I cannot let my children grow here
 the place where elders are so liberal, so how the children will be?
and the clear thing is that Shaggo, I like you
your friendship is so precious to me
aunty miss you a lot
but she didn't called me even once
did you call her?
 You know, she is in a lot of pressure
I have been checking accounts since so long
 there is almost a difference of 50 thousand rupees
you shall ask brother Shahzain
brother Yousuf
yes?
I wanted to talk to you about something
yes, come sit Sahggo
what is this? Tell me
you had discussed something with me, and I have thought about it
then, what is your decision?
I've decided to agree
what!
its such a good news
I was thinking that you'll reject, and won't think about it
brother Yousuf, if Hamid hadn't been there then I...
I wouldn't have thought about it at all
but Hamid is such a nice person
but... brother Yousuf I don't want you to listen to people words & taunts because of me
and don't know how sister Rashda will react
leave what people say
what is in our hands? It is God who make the pairs in heaven
somebody gets their companion earlier & somebody gets it late
leave this topic. Be thankful to God that everything is done
maybe, this would have happened in Fareeha's matter too
brother Yousuf, I agree that her way of doing it is completely wrong
the path she took is also wrong, but..
she is a child, she made a mistake. So please forgive her
leave it, I don't want to discuss Fareeha
there is no comparison between you & her
you are different & she is different. Its a joyous occasion & I don't want to hear anything nuisance
but brother Yousuf...
enough! As I said be quiet
let me speak to Hamid
Wow! you are looking so handsome
see, what I've brought for you
I am already feeling suffocated in it, and if I will wear this I will die
don't say this, it will suit you a lot
as it is, I like man in Formal
and its your first day, so your impression should be good
for the first time you are going on the job properly
yes, but usually the CEO type people must be wearing tie over there
nobody wears the tie on an entry level
so won't you become a CEO in the future? 
You should go there with this mindset on the first day
nobody can stop you in achieving success
yes, but its just a start Fareeha
it will take time to reach over there, right?
a lot of life is there, we'll wait
best of luck for today
today, I will prepare breakfast for you
ok?
great!
come quickly
Farhad
Farhad...
Farhad, come quickly
look, the egg got stuck
what happened?
Look, the bread is getting burnt & the egg got stuck. What to do?
how did you prepare the chicken curry on that day?
actually, there wasn't any time pressure on that day but today its getting ruined due to time
yes, show me. Check the bread
what shall I look at it? Its burnt
flip it
I am doing
Fareeha, be careful
is one toast enough?
take this tong
ok, give me
I'm sorry
I had thought to prepare some special breakfast for you today
so, you've prepared it
see, you don't have to take any tension until I am with you
your PA is always there
and honestly speaking, its much better than my omelet
thank God that you've realized it yourself
and you don't need to worry, I will give you the lessons
maybe, one day you'll come on my level too
really? So now the student has become the teacher?
I haven't forgotten, shall we do a cooking competition on my off day?
sure, you can try
Done!
Done...
drink tea
you also take some
its really tasty, have it
taste it
No, you eat
you may eat it
okay
as I had told you guys that we've got a proposal for Shaggo
So, by the grace of God Shaggo has also said "yes"
its such a good news
is it a good thing?
what will people say?
what will they say?
people will laugh on us, that what's wrong with Shaggo in this age
these are old germs
what's wrong with you guys?
when she was at home, then you were worried that who is going to marry our Shaggo
and now when she is getting this happiness while staying at home then..
you guys have turned against her
well... the proposal didn't come by just sitting at home. Everyone knows that they were meeting in the park on daily basis
and don't know what was happening by making an excuse of an exercise
its nothing like that
we know Hamid's family since quite a long time
and yes, they might have met at the park
and people are habitual of making gossips
as it is, did Shaggo took any step against our consent?
and Hamid has brought a proposal at our house
its very late for all these things
I don't agree, ok?
already we cannot trust life
 I know how you people will treat Shaggo, if something happens to me in the future
oh, please don't say this brother
what's wrong with you guys?
look at Shaggo
She had listened to many taunts of the family members along with the outsiders
still, she didn't uttered a single word of complaint
She did the brought up of our kids, just like her own kids
She had helped us in the house chores
She had shared the happiness & grief of everyone
but still, you guys have complaint against her. Nobody is happy with her?
now when she is about to get married, still you have complaints & issues
I am with you, brother Yousuf
and... Shaggo is getting married. What can be more good than this?
you people won't listen to us at all
do whatever you feel like
why do I care. huh!
hey, listen
when we'll present something in front of them?
I've been working here since last 4 years
they haven't presented me as of yet
4!
you've been working here since 4 years!
what are you saying?
its a PR company
only show-off is catered here
as it is, the senior management will do the client dealing
yes but we'll also become senior from the junior level one day
I've completed my education from a government school
I don't know how to speak proper English
Besides, they'll keep me restricted to research work & data entry only
but, what is this?
no matter from where you study, but a degree is a degree right?
by wearing a tie you cannot change the difference of private & government system
whoever is sitting inside belongs to the private university
and we are from the government school
the same difference over here as well
welcome to the real world, bro!
you were favoring your brother a lot
you know I cannot stand against my brother
as it is, what's the problem if Shaggo will get married?
one more person will be less from this house
have you thought how weird it will look? 
You men are always busy in your business
but our social boycott is done
do you know, I've been removed from a lot of committee parties
and if they get to know this then...
I'm telling you, then you shall also sit at home with me
Weird issues...
you guys have weird problems in your life
I am thinking about the future & you people are worried about your parties
what as such is the matter?
from where you came here?
you guys have an issue with everyone's marriage
earlier, it was sister Fareeha & now aunt Shaggo
its elders matters, you won't understand
I am understanding everything. Don't know in which world you guys are living
let them get married, it doesn't make any difference to anyone
it doesn't make any difference to anyone?
Do you know, a lot of our friends have stopped meeting us
then they aren't your good friends
I must say, you shouldn't meet such friends. You should kick out such toxic people from your life
what?
what! what do you mean by toxic?
who enjoys in others pain
oho... its aunt Shaggo's life. Let her do whatever she feels like
if sister Fareeha had been here, she would have fixed everyone
I'm telling you, its all Fareeha's game
its good that she has gone, and we got rid of her. Else she would have spoiled my innocent son
everyone is toxic here
all of your poison will come out once you'll get tight slaps from me
listen to me, I will only marry for the sake of love. Don't compel me to become rebellious
what rubbish you are talking?
did you see, what non-sense he was uttering about his marriage
have some God fear, he is just 14 years old
Enough..
its good that you guys visit often, otherwise the house has become completely desolate
why do you worry, we both are here
Thanks to God...
I just miss Farhad
Kiran, shall we go to meet Farhad?
but your father shouldn't get to know
I am feeling anxious
he had never been so far from me
mom
don't worry, give it some time & leave it on time
By the way mom, did Farhad call you? Or do you talk to him on the phone?
what is this mom? He had forgotten you guys for a rich girl
and you are getting yourself unwell for him
he must have talked to Kiran
even earlier he used to stop talking to us, whenever he used to be upset
did he call you?
No, I didn't talk to him. Nor I got any call from him
Greetings dad!
Greetings!
give me some...
its good that I met you here, actually I wanted to discuss something
yes dad, tell me
actually you had deposited some money in the bank some days ago
the accountant was telling me that they don't have the receipts. And there is some discrepancy in the calculations
Kindly give me, you have them
dad, what are you trying to say?
did I steal them?
No, I didn't mean that..
dad, I go to the office at 8 am in the morning & leave at 6 pm
I have so many responsibilities of my house on me
I thought to help you during this time
but I think I made a mistake
dear, its the matter of receipts and not a big deal. You can check them easily
I work in a bank, dad
I get so many deposit slips, I might have misplaced them
if I would have known that so many questions will be asked then I would have kept them safely
you got upset for no reason, I didn't mean that at all
you are like my son, in fact you are more than that
Kiran, I think we should go home
at least have your food
dear...
Its fine... 
Shahzain!
at least, listen to me
what have you done?
Can't you hear me? We have to go
ok dad, I am leaving bye!
what as such I have said?
he is your son-in-law, you should have talked to him carefully
will I feel like eating the food after all this drama?
he is a fraud!
make him quiet
I am telling you
never trust him
he is not the right guy at all
keep an eye, he will betray you one day
my daughter left hungry
you were searching
No no...
you were searching, right?
You & your father thinks that I am thief
Mr. Agha, take off your slippers
what?
yes
I've brought some water, dip your feet in it
Wow, wow...
they call is pedicure in the parlor
yes yes
are you enjoying?
oh Channo, its so good. May God bless everyone with a wife like Channo
Wow wow...
hey, who is this ill-mannered
who can be there at this hour?
I hope it isn't the death angel
Mr. Agha, will he come after knocking?
what do you say!
let me check
tell him that I am not ready as of yet
I hope everything is fine
oh, what's the matter? What do you want?
what is your problem? Why are you after me?
what? in what tone you are talking to me?
until today, nobody has ever dared to talk to me in this tone
that's why you are like this, I am not scared of you!
at first you had switched off the power supply of my house, and now you've stopped the water
why do you want to annoy me?
PK didn't you tell her, that we get water on specific timings
the water supply in your house might be 24 hours, but come back on the land from the sky
learn how to live between illiterate people
switch on the water of my house right away
it seems that you don't want whatever is coming right now
until now, I was respecting your age, uncle & the chapli kebabs prepared by you
but I won't do it anymore
hey! where are you going?
it seems that there is no time for the water at your house, its never ending
So, I am the president of this building's committee. Why I won't get the water supply?
Wow uncle, your wife is great politician
you are the president of this building, but you won't stay on this position for long time
really? What will you do, tell me
nobody has every dared to stand against me in so many years
because I wasn't here
save your seat if you can
hey!
hey girl! What did she said? And you are sitting quietly, you didn't said a word to her
you also get lost, get out of here!
she is such an ill-mannered girl
let me fix her right away
yes Mr. Agha lets go, how dare she?
lets go, come on!
we'll cut her into pieces today
lets go!
we are coming in a while
they are talking a lot
Kiran... 
yes
Kiran, I forgot my watch inside. Bring it quickly as I am getting late
Ok
where are you?
what were you doing?
Nothing...
I was looking for your watch, I can't find it
you were searching
No no...
you were searching, right?
you & your father thinks that I am thief
they consider me a thief?
I will steal from that low class kitchen & hide the slips here!
is this what you think?
No..
until now I was being so lenient
but now...
I have to teach you a lesson
Yousuf had said that start Shaggo's wedding preparations
I don't understand this, why are you people doing the drama of disinheriting Fareeha?
Call her back too, lets wed off aunt Shaggo happily
even Khalid isn't listening to me at all
then lets go to the market to get aunt Shaggo's bridal dress
hey aunt Shaggo, you came on the very right time
what's the problem?
we'll have plenty of problems until people like you are in this house
what are you saying, Ramsha?
do you have some manners that your elders are sitting here?
manners related words doesn't suits you
now tell us, which color dress would you like to wear on your wedding?
dad gave us the responsibility, now fulfill all of your desires
by the way Shaggo, won't you feel awkward after becoming a bride. By getting all dolled up & ready?
won't you feel weird?
and I have never seen any such thing happening in our community
sister, you know it very well that I have no fault in it
all of this is happening because of brother Yousuf's pressure
don't pretend
everyone knows about your friendship with Hamid
and then, you've already got us humiliated. Wasn't that enough?
now this shopping & preparations..
simple go to the mosque & get married, end this matter
what's the need to create a spectacle?
absolutely!
now your brothers aren't listening to us. Get some sense & explain them
aunty... 
Greetings!
when did you come, Zara
just a while ago
aunt, are you crying? What's the problem?
Nothing
I know, they are after you because of this marriage
So, they aren't saying anything wrong
so aunt, what's right in it?
everything is wrong
Billu is right. Who told you that its a sin to get married in this age?
its a community
and obviously they'll somehow say something
aunt, what else do our community knows rather than gossiping?
they only gossip around
if they look at me, they start discussion on my weight. They talk rubbish
whether its a big or small matter, they just want to gossip around
yes, now you can't spoil your life for the sake of these community people
nobody's life gets spoiled by not getting married
but when you weren't getting married, even at that time everyone was having an issue
that they are being insulted in the community
these people neither stay happy themselves nor they can see others happy
aunt, I'm done now. Whether anyone is with you or not, but we are with you
if Fareeha had been here, then she would have scolded everyone
I always pray at every moment
that time shall heal their wounds
and our Fareeha shall come back to us
you have always prayed for us
you've always treated us like your own children
if today you are thinking something about yourself then there is nothing wrong in it. I will talk to mom
don't be upset, ok?
I think it should be placed here
are you back? how was your first day?
it was okay
just ok?
yes, it was the first day so the usual training & boring work
Fine, but initiate in everything so that you can stand out in front of your boss
Ok tell me, will they look good together or single?
put them together, in fact keep them single
okay
have you brought all this?
you won't believe it Farhad, I had gone to buy vegetables
but there I saw a shop of used second hand items. I got so many things that too on great rates
PK does really good bargaining. I am thinking to call him a memon
have a look
is it good?
yes
you've brought so many things, no?
what's the price?
Umm... 
its almost of 7 to 8 thousand
7 to 8 thousand!
Farhad, you have no idea that if you'll go to get such things from a proper shop then you'll get it of almost 25 to 30 thousand
that's fine but right now its quite a lot for us to spend 7 to 8 thousand in one go
you could have brought it one by one
have you mind it?
No Fareeha, I haven't mind it
I took a loan from Jojo
this house expense is running from it
also my salary isn't that good, and just now I got the job
we'll do these expenses once I will get a good job
but I've bought all this from my money
I had a few savings, and aunt had made me invest somewhere. So I get monthly returns
that's fine, but look at the inflation
we have to manage our expenses
try to manage the things a bit for now, please
why are you worrying, we'll manage it together. Its ok
look at this
Fareeha, have you ever paid the electricity bill of your house?
have you ever lost the power of your house for not paying the bill?
have you ever bought flour or rice from the budget store after standing in the line?
have you ever experienced such an eid where you haven't got the new clothes?
Fareeha, I don't want you to experience all this over here
See, I don't want to put restrictions on your expenses. Even I am not liking it
but I cannot afford it
once I will get a good job, then I will get you all the best things in the world
but please can we manage it until then?
I hope you've understood my point. I hope you haven't mind it
the secret of my beautiful skin is my wise wife
Channo, I think you took that girl's words to your heart
Mr. Agha, child, child... child
she isn't that innocent the way you think of her
she came to my house & threatened me
I won't spare her!
Absolutely! I am with you. You shouldn't spare her
but shall I tell you something?
that poor girl is all alone
she came here after marrying this guy
her family doesn't talk to her anymore, they are poor young couple
who told you such a long story?
PK did. Pk gives me the information & details of everything in this building
Channo, I can recall our times after seeing both of them
do you remember, when we came to Karachi after marrying then there was no elder person to bless or guide us
we had faced so many problems in this city. If there had been some elderly person
then a lot of our problems would be solved
Mr. Agha, you try to look for your child in every person
leave it
maybe that's the reason Channo, that God has not blessed us with a child
wherever he sees that one needs the love of parents, he send us there
by the way Mr. Agha
you are from Peshawar & I am from Gujranwala
we had married by going against the consent of both the families
then we came to Karachi
there were problems in the beginning
but now there is happiness, nothing is amiss
except for one thing
what to do, its God's will
Channo, shall I tell you something personal today
I don't have any regret that we don't have children, honestly
because how can we regret on something on which we don't have any control or authority
yes, love is something which is in your control
we shall keep spreading it
and I have never been miser in it, nor you should be
See, this building & the people living here seems to be like my family
I feel these kids are mine
Channo... 
do one thing
this girl will be so grateful that she met such an amazing lady
show your love to her
I remember your young & mature time whenever I see her
Mr. Agha!
I mean, the way you fight with her.. 
honestly speaking, you should agree that for the first time you've found someone like yourself
Come on, fix your mood now
you haven't prepared any meat but vegetables. But its ok, now fix your mood
keep it less
what are you doing, Mr. Agha?
Its just black pepper
yes yes...
its good for health
oh... 
go Channo check
they don't let us have the lunch as well
yes?
greetings!
Greetings, aunt Channo
Greetings! All good? How come all of you are here?
sister Channo, we have some important work with you
tell me
actually aunt Channo we get water for 2 hours in the morning & evening time
and it gets over by the time our husbands are back home
then keep it safely in the bucket
sister Channo, we have small kids at home. Sometimes we keep the buckets filled & sometimes not
obviously, its water so it can be used at any time
and we've heard that you get unlimited water supply. Which means there is water but we aren't getting it
really! Who told you this?
we had realized it earlier but we couldn't gather the courage to speak to you
and now?
its so wrong. You are the president, if you can solve your problem then solve ours as well
why not we shall give the chance to someone else this time?
yes yes, absolutely correct. We'll discuss this matter in the next committee meeting. Ok?
we are having lunch, shall I go?
please have something
No, I will just have tea
Thank you!
Hamid, I want to sit & discuss about the future plans & things to get done
yes absolutely, brother Yousuf
honestly speaking, I can't believe that Shagoo has said "yes"
even we can't believe
Greetings!
Greetings, come Shaggo
how are you?
Good
just now we were discussing that wedding & its reception will be done
so if you want to do a small scale function in the house, then do it
brother Yousuf, I was thinking that what is the need to do all this?
we'll go to the mosque with our family & do the wedding and.. 
in the name of Valima reception, Hamid & I will go & feed the poor people
it cannot happen, we have to invite some people. Some close relatives or so
she is right
as it is, its not the first wedding of both of them
what's the need to fulfill the desires at this age?
they should focus on their life after marriage
and the expense we are doing on the wedding, we should give them as a gift. It will help them
right Shaggo? You want this
yes
but I don't want this
I mean, why are we getting married secretly?
its ok that its our second marriage & we aren't youngsters
but... 
I am about to tie a beautiful knot
and I would like to celebrate it with my friends & family
brother Yousuf, I know this marriage isn't traditional
but neither I am ashamed of this marriage or not of Shaggo
I will come as a complete groom
this is great!
come drink your tea
you also drink some