if we will tell her then she'll vanish somewhere by making an excuse
sister.. 
and yes! don't brain wash her about anything 
sister, why will I brain wash her?
he forgot his belongings here, let me go give him
what if you'll lie to me again then? 
I know what you can do 
next time, I won't create any trouble. Promise!
aunty.. 
yes? 
did you get today's arrangement done from the same guys, who had arranged the dance party?
No, what's wrong? Do I have to ruin my daughter's wedding?
 I will not come in this every time
brother Saqib I... 
Quiet! 
not a single word!
sorry, it took me so long but I have arranged a shoe
really? Thank God!
I was so worried
what is this?
shoe
its a bathroom slipper
actually I could only found this in the hotel, as I couldn't go to the market to get you some fancy one
wear it, as its hardly visible
yes
your work is done, also its comfortable
yes yes
you must be thankful that your sandal broke, right?
true that! Its quite comfortable
your blood...
it stopped
Okay
I am leaving
are you leaving now?
Umm...
I am leaving
Ok
Saqib
yes dad
see, there had been a spectacle there so there is no need to repeat it in front of the family once again
won't you still not say anything to Freeha?
I will talk to her, and the matter won't stay hidden from our family
but I don't have that much tolerance power right now
leave this matter for today
we'll see it later
I knew it, dad won't say anything to her
I feel like thrashing her off!
if somebody from our family would have done this, then we would have buried them alive!
Dad has become completely crazy in his daughter's love
he has become crazy, but you haven't!
neither shameless
Shall we also put a blind fold on our eyes & become dumb as if nothing had happened!
I must say, control this girl & get her married as soon as possible
so that she cannot do any new drama in the future
break her contact from the outside world
this phone is the bone of contention!
let dad say whatever he wants to, but at least you shall scold her clearly!
Farhad
Freeha, are you fine?
Freeha, don't you worry
I will come to your house & talk to your family. I will handle everything
are you fine?
are you hurt?
nothing happened to me, don't worry about me
only trust me
we'll handle this situation mutually
we'll agree our families too
Farhad, we cannot handle anything...
hello?
listen! if you ever call here again
then I won't let you go
I will kill you!
I will kill you!
shameless...
aren't you done yet?
how much more you'll get us insulted in our extended family?
if you took a step outside this room
I will break off your legs!
we'll make the decision tomorrow & that too in front of everyone
you will get married to the person & family of our choice
got it?
do you understand?
burn your degrees
put them on fire
you show if off quite a lot that you've got a degree
when you have to act like a hooligan on the street, right!
and have to wander around, then what's the benefit of these degrees?
at least tell me for what you are taking revenge from me?
look at your condition!
stop it
I beg in front of you, please spare our old age
we are living on bonus, anything can happen to us at anytime
I don't understand who will look after my business after my demise
for God sake, please don't talk about death or so Yaqoob
can't you see, he is in pain
So? did I injured him?
its been an entire life time, I took good care of him
I swear upon God, he won't be able to to sit the say he'll get injured from my hands
brother look, I have grown so tired now
some of my life is left, please become a bit sober
dad, I'm sorry
what! what did you say?
dad, forgive me
what?
please check, I think he got some head injury
uncle, he is saying sorry for the first time in his life & that too from the bottom of his heart
yes boot licker, as if you are sitting in his heart
dad, I wanted to become serious in my life
I want to settle down
dad, I had lied to you on that day
about what?
actually...
the girl who came to our kitchen on that day
Freeha
she is not only my friend
dad, we both like each other
we want to get married
hmm...
dad, I will sit in your kitchen every morning
I will do so much of hard work, I will do whatever you'll say
and what do you want from me in return?
please take my proposal to her house
Great!
you also smile
the way sun rises from the west, now I've understood
he didn't get injured by any accident or so, he got beaten up due to his love story
her brothers have beaten him badly
I am amazed...
I have no interest in your love story, got it?
dad please
Enough!
relations aren't made like this
what was amiss in my upbringing?
in my love?
dad, there is nothing like that
people always used to say to me, not to give so much of freedom to your daughter
I used to say "No"
I never used to listen to them
by saying that my daughter is my pride, and she has never given me a chance to complain
right?
you broke my heart
I so sorry, I never wanted to hurt you
its my mistake, I should have told you earlier. I am so sorry
listen to me
promise me
that you will never meet that guy again
promise me
enough of your childish attitude
I've tolerated enough of your tantrums
only that will happen whatever I will say, got it?
stop it sister, how much more you'll cry?
this girl has written crying in our fate
don't say this, sister
she is a child, and children do make mistakes
mistake! She got all of us humiliated
if any girl would have done any such thing in our family, then we would have disinherit her!
everyone was so proud of their dearest girl, now bear it!
we'll make her understand
what will you make her understand?
if you would have explained her earlier, then we didn't had to face this day
I will ask dad to talk to Zaman & fix the marriage immediately
will Freeha agree?
the decision is not in her hand anymore
stop crying dear...
what have you done, Freeha?
I had told you not to
I had always explained you
no matter what you do, but never make a mistake of falling in love
I haven't done it deliberately, Aunt Shaggo
such mistakes happened unintentionally, my dear
he is such a nice guy
he loves me a lot & cares a lot for me
he will keep me happy, & I won't be able to live without him, aunty
control yourself, Freeha
your heart is broken from the very first time
the pain of incomplete love is felt so intensely
why can't I get my love?
its not necessary that every man outside our community is wrong
you'll get my marriage fixed in my community as well
maybe that breaks off, what's the guarantee?
try to understand my point, dear.
Brother Yousaf took such a big stand for me at that time
and when we got deceived
he was told off from the entire community
he took the humiliation & insult of my share on his head
but he won't be able to do it again
maybe it doesn't happen again
and I get my love
maybe I will be able to see all that happiness in my life that you have dreamed of
then? Will he take a stand for me then? or won't he?
its not so easy
nothing matches with that guy, not even our community
love has its own place
but marriage is not between only two people but between two families
they are hard working people
they are honorable, the guy is well-educated. He loves me
isn't all this have any importance in front of our community & status?
its easy to get married
but its very difficult to fulfill it
as if you had fulfilled it
even you had lost the courage once it was called off
I thought, if I will talk to you then you'll understand my point & will explain it to everyone
yes
I couldn't fulfill my marriage
but I have fulfilled my relations
of a daughter
of a sister
of a sister-in-law
of an aunt
I've seen all these relations from very near
every relation requires hard work
and the way these relations look so helpless while looking at them
they are way too delicate than that
relations don't work upon emotions
they work upon tolerance & compromise
and you don't know how to do it
I can understand your pain
believe me, I can
I have been through all this
that's why I am saying
be careful
be careful...
hello Farhad
hello Kiran!
Kiran, I need your help
what is it, all good?
I want to get married
what?
what do you want to do?
what as such strange thing I have said that everyone is so amazed?
I am done with graduation & this is the age to get married, no?
I mean to say Farhad, who is the girl?
how is her family? Did you talk to mom & dad?
girl's name is Freeha, she is from a Memon family
they are jewelers
She is the best girl in this world & I will die without her, Kiran
honestly, I will die
Ok
and yes, I had a word with dad
but you know, maybe he likes to strangle my desires to death
Kiran, please come & help me
I will talk to them
I will call you back, ok?
I will come & discuss it there, bye!
who was it?
it was my mom, she was a bit worried & missing me. So I was thinking to meet her for sometime
don't you feel fine at my house?
its not like that Shahzain, mom sounds a bit worried so I wanted to visit her
the house where there is a stupid son like Farhad, so its obvious that worries will be there
ok fine, you may go
thank you!
listen
yes
come quickly
there is no need to spend the entire day there
ok
dad
I am not asking from you, but telling you
that I have fixed your marriage with Sameer, brother Zaman's son
but dad...
Enough! leave...
thank you, thank you!... 
did you call me?
sit down
this was the reason
I used to tell you that a girl should get married at an early age
otherwise they get mislead
that hooligan boy, an ordinary caterer
look at his courage
and you!
you didn't have some sense?
you came into the words of such kind of a person
you didn't even think a bit that what will people say!
people will not live my life
that's why I want to live my life according to my own choice
is this your choice?
that licentious, hooligan guy!
he is not like that..
be quiet!
we showed you many good proposals, but you have rejected all
as if you were in search of some prince charming
and whom do you like, he?
do you want to hurt your parents deliberately?
or...
do you want to follow Shaggo's footsteps?
what aunt Shaggo did?
She had just expressed her choice
and at that time, you people had supported her
so why can't you support me now?
did you see?
did you see!
this is what I used to tell you that Shaggo will give negative impact on the girls, but you didn't listen to me at all
nothing had happened because of her
you've seen the consequences of her choice, right?
She did whatever she wanted to
and then he belonged to a good family background. It was a nice family, he was a banker
what difference did it make? He had deceived as well
this is what I am trying to explain you
that marriage shall always happen in our own community
as we know about each other
we do know each other's background
but you are unable to understand this thing right now
what do I want, doesn't that make any difference?
you can unite community, status & background. But if there is no union of heart then the relation will always stay hollow
you should be ashamed!
you are talking rubbish in front of your parents, about love or so...
we didn't had any union of our hearts before our marriage
we had never thought of discussing about such matters in front of our elders
and don't talk about such non-sense & foolish things
Love, etc.. always happened after marriage. Not before marriage!
what if it didn't happen? Then do you allow me to leave my husband?
did you hear?
stop it, Freeha
I agree that we have given you too much of independence, but don't take undue advantage of it
you were given complete right to choose the husband of your choice
but... there are a few limitations which we cannot accept
I used to consider you so wise
but now I see, and look at your decisions
I feel as if I was completely stupid!
dad
I am not asking from you, but telling you
that I have fixed your marriage with Sameer, brother Zaman's son
but dad...
Enough! leave...
Kiran
what happen, where have you sent Kiran?
yes?
dad, your favorite snacks & tea
what do you do dear? You've entered the kitchen after coming here as well
dad, it feels so different in my parent's house kitchen
Okay
check this uncle, I had gone to Burns Road. 
Then I thought of bringing your favorite rice pudding
is everything fine? Haven't you mixed anything in it?
you can try, you'll get to know
oh God, save me
is everything fine?
can you see horns on my head?
dad, actually we were trying to say that if
we can listen to Farhad in a peaceful manner, then what's the harm in it
I see... so there is bribe behind snacks & rice pudding
no uncle, you do so much for us so we thought to lessen a bit of your burden
dad, honestly speaking.. I've never seen Farhad in this manner
and whatever Jojo & Farhad are telling, I think the girl is really good. She is the best one
I must say, that stupid Farhad will have one responsibility
yes uncle, its a big family
she is an honorable girl, and well-educated
its just that she belongs to a Memon community
Memon?
yes so what, if she is Memon? It doesn't make any difference though
how can we marry Memon with an Urdu speaking?
when a Punjabi & Urdu speaking can get married, then what's the problem in marrying a Memon girl?
Karim Baksh's sons have big heart
they make everyone just like them
now look at her, I've taught her to make such a great paan that you won't be able to find such kind of a paan in whole Karachi
the way this Punjabi woman makes it from her hand & feed me
I swear, I feel so good
He is done! He appreciated her a bit & she fed him the paan
hmm... even you had added her dish of "Cholay Baturay" in your kitchen, right?
so what's the harm in adding "Khowsuey" too?
when foods have united, then obviously the hearts will unite too
yes?
this race & community related things are old-fashioned
now the generation is of tik-tok
they fix their relations based upon meet hours
got it?
on what?
on meet hours.
what's that?
its very important to change yourself with time. So important!
the elders shall be happy wherever their kids are happy
Kiran is right! Even we used to wander around in the streets like hooligans, correct?
but we had fixed ourselves soon after the marriage
correct?
aunty, also look at the fact that a girl will come in our family & she'll beautify the entire house
look at Farhad's condition, we cannot say anything about him
also, since he got into this love affair. He has become a completely useless guy
bring a daughter-in-law, she'll keep your house beautiful
I swear upon God, Freeha will change Farhad's life
I can write it down somewhere for you
by the way Yaqoob, even the kids as well as brother is saying the same thing
there is no harm in meeting them
also our Farhad's age is of marrying
we can also see his choice
only you were left now
dad...
please dad, meet them once
we'll see
we'll see ..
No, I was asking about the rice pudding
he has brought it for me & you want to have it
Its for you, Yaqoob
so? I will eat it
mom
mom
Greetings mom!
Greetings!
where is your wife?
she has gone to her parents house, where else?
wow! she is enjoying a lot
by the way, you've broken your promise
what's wrong, mom?
why? Didn't you said that once your daughter-in-law will come to this house, you'll get a big car
but we are still using rickshaws & taxis on daily basis
and your wife doesn't stays at home, how will I make her serve me?
oh mom, not only one car but you'll get tens of them
and he will bring it herself
leave it, I think you got trapped in her love
oh mom, there is nothing as such. And everything that belongs to Yaqoob uncle will be mine in the future
Why? Doesn't he have his own son?
he knows it very well that how stupid his son is, and I will remind him again & again
just don't worry
everything will happen as per your planning
ok?
I pray it happens in that way
come, freshen up. Let me serve the dinner
let me go change, I am so hungry
dad, mom...
I wanted to talk to you about something
I'm so sorry
I am really sorry
I have hurt you both a lot
I'm really sorry
I...
I had tried to make myself understand for so long that..
whatever decision you both are making for me
only that is right for me
but...
I am unable to do it
I have tried explaining it to myself a lot, but dad
my heart isn't agreeing
I don't understand getting married to a stranger guy
however, I know that there is someone else in my heart except for my husband
I can betray myself
for the sake of you people
but how can I betray someone else?
dad
you know, I cannot do this
I am your daughter
you guys don't like my choice. Fine, no problem!
but I cannot accept this decision of yours
I cannot do this contractual marriage
you guys don't want me to Meet Farhad, right?
Fine!
I won't meet him
but I cannot marry someone else as well
what rubbish you are talking?
did you see?
did you see, what she has just said?
Will she keep sitting for that guy for her entire life
the way Shaggo had been sitting
its all Shaggo's brain washing
Enough! I cannot tolerate it anymore
enough is enough!
Rashida...
Rashida, listen
your dialed number is powered off, please try again later
what happened?
speak up, what happened?
uncle has agreed!
what?
uncle has agreed, brother. You are about to become a groom, you are getting married
brother, we'll be doing the wedding processions. Oh brother, uncle has agreed!
has he agreed in real?
yes!
even after you've mentioned that she is a Memon?
look, don't play with me
Kiran, is he telling the truth?
Excuse me! I say anything & dad refuses it, Not possible!
oh wow, the benefits of being his favorite child
thank you, its not about being his favorite. Actually I didn't gave him a chance to complain ever
thank you so much!
thank you to you too!
send it quickly to me over there
hey!
thank you, thank you!
dad, shall I share one thing with you?
do you know, whenever people had said that Freeha is stubborn
she does whatever she wants to
She says whatever comes in her heart, & do whatever she wants to
I always used to feel happy
in fact, I used to feel proud
because no matter how I am
I am my father's daughter
when uncle had drowned his share of inheritance, he was left with nothing
people called him broke
everyone suggested you, not to take this burden on yourself
but you said "No"
he is my brother, my bloodline.. whether he has the money or not
we don't turn away our face from our family
the same way, when aunt Shaggo had expressed her choice
then you had supported her all alone after going against everyone's consent
you became her protective shield although her decision was proved to be wrong
everyone tried to oust her from our community, but you didn't let it happened
you didn't let her face any harm or so
dad, all my life I've seen you becoming the voice of weak people
I've learn from you that we shall not differentiate between people
I am your image
so I cannot be bad
Fine, I agree that I had made so many mistakes but still I cannot be bad
dad
please
just once
please meet Farhad once, just for me
just meet Farhad once, please dad. Look here
please
please dad
I agree that he is a catering guy
but I also know your heart as well, you'll recognize his intentions
you will also see those qualities that I've seen in Farhad
please dad, just listen to me for once
after that, whatever you'll say I will agree. But just once
please give one chance to Farhad, please meet him once
please