Thank you for showing so much concern for us.
Where is that idiot right now?
He is a hard working boy so he must be at restaurant.
Sir, you have eaten meal so you will have to pay the bill.
Can't you please behave maturely?
Yes, what they say, immature people. Come and say in my ear.
You are really very immature. That's it.
Do you have any idea, what are you saying?
Saqib, we are very angry with you.
Ramsha got so sick but you didn't even inform us.
Well.
We are not strangers, we are you loved ones
and loved ones support each other in such difficult times.
Sister, that was not serious. I felt dizzy because of weakness. I am fine.
Yes, this happen in this situation so you should take care of yourself.
You can stay here if you want to.
No sister, that won't be needed. I am perfectly fine.
Saqib, Mr. Nazeer told me that he has got two plots for sale.
OK.
That would be good deal.
What do you say about that?
Did you talk to dad?
I have talked to dad but he needs some time.
As you know that we need some time to make such big decisions. We can't make such decision in a hurry.
That's good, you shouldn't be hasty but
Don't sit quietly for too long lest you will miss this golden opportunity.
Look
I am worried about future of you and Ramsha because you are like a brother to me.
Brother, I will try that we decide as soon as possible.
Why are you discussing this issue?
Leave it Saqib and taste these meat balls.
I was just saying. Pass that dish.
OK.
The food is very delicious.
I have given medicine.
I have given pain killer with milk. I am hopeful
She will be alright by tomorrow.
God willing.
I don't know what happened to my innocent daughter.
I can't see her in this condition.
We will know in the morning that what happened to her. She is sleeping now.
OK, we must leave now and we will take her in the morning.
Can I say something?
I think we should leave Fareeha with Shaggo for some time.
What kind of mother she is, who couldn't see her wounds bleeding.
No one can understand a daughter's sorrow more than a mother.
But
You know Saqib very well.
I don't know what is going on in his mind.
If he will see Fareeha in this condition with us then
Matter can become worse.
But what will Fareeha say that her dad didn't take her with him despite seeing her in that condition.
Brother, sister is right.
Let Fareeha stay with us for few days.
You should resolve your issues first.
I think we should leave Fareeha here.
It would be better if she will stay with Shaggo for few days.
And we will get sufficient time to make Saqib understand.
We will have to act according to the situation.
Brother Yousuf.
We also have some obligation to take care of Fareeha.
Let us do something for her.
And you don't have to worry. Everything will be alright.
God willing.
I want to see my daughter.
She is sleeping now.
She can get disturbed if you will go there.
May God have mercy. Let's go home.
We will come in the morning. OK my child.
Make brother understand.
My child.
My child.
Aunt, there is a stall of egg burger in back lane. Do I bring that?
After that you will have to take your medicine.
I am not feeling hungry.
Aunt, eat something. You didn't take your medicine during day.
How can I eat anything?
Farhad hasn't come.
Farhad will come back. You should eat food and take your medicine.
Don't divert my thoughts like children.
He won't come home today as well.
Aunt, he is very busy. He is solely managing whole restaurant.
And who will take care of me?
Won't he take care of me?
He takes care of you.
But
Do you have phone? Call him.
OK, let me call him.
Don't worry.
Let me talk to him.
I think signals are weak.
Leave it.
He is at his wife's house and she doesn't want him to meet his mother.
Aunt
Sister Fareeha is not that bad she is a very nice girl. Please give her a chance.
OK, bring her here then I will leave this house.
I didn't mean that.
I should have died with Yaqoob.
Convey my message to Farhad
Live with her wife and don't attend my funeral. OK.
Don't follow me.
Hey, how did you come in?
did Fareeha come home?
No.
Go
Give me her address.
Stop
Listen to me.
Sir
What are you doing here and how dare you to beat my daughter?
I didn't beat her. That was a mistake.
You won't repeat that mistake again because she won't go to your house again.
Please let me meet her once.
Get lost from here and go away. Ask him to leave.
Sir please try to understand.
No one will understand your words. Get him out of here.
What is he doing here?
How dare you to come in?
Saqib let's go inside and talk.
Please let me meet Fareeha once.
What does he mean.
I will tell you. Let's go inside.
What does he mean? Where is Fareeha?
Let's go inside.
Why don't you leave? Go.
Go from here. Just get lost.
Get out. Close the gate.
Take him in.
What does she want now?
This is the outcome of such marriages.
But we can't ignore her in this condition.
And what about her ignorance?
Have you forgotten that?
She is an expert to get your sympathies.
But she is so upset and injured so what would we do
And she is with Shaggo at the moment.
Let her stay there.
Now let's see how long will she keep her marriage in tact. She should stay there.
Saqib, what are you talking about? Are you son of this family or not?
If you are my son then she is daughter of mine.
Listen dad.
She has already lost this status
and you said that the doors of this house are closed for her.
At least you should remember your words.
Yes, I said that.
But
I was unable to see her in that condition today.
This is your weakness and she utilizes that.
She is responsible for all of this. What can we do.
But how long will she live at Shaggo's house?
It's upto her.
She is not our responsibility now.
And I am telling you that you should tell her that it would be better for her if she may not come in front of me.
Has he lost his mind?
You should advise him.
What's wrong with you? Why are you so angry?
Why have you become enemy of yourself?
I didn't want to hurt her.
Everything happened so suddenly that I couldn't control myself.
You know that I can't hurt her.
You insist aunt to go to doctor. I think you should go to doctor first.
And get treatment of your brain.
Listen my friend, this is not right.
No matter if this is a mistake or whatever but this is not right.
Shaggo
Hmm.
Hasn't Fareeha woken up yet?
I was about to wake her up after making her favorite breakfast.
She will wake up.
Greetings.
How are you feeling now?
I am fine.
Isn't there any pain in your wound?
No.
I have made your favorite breakfast.
Aunt
Farhad sent me so many messages and called me as well.
He was feeling very guilty.
I think I have over reacted and I should go back.
It's your decision to go back or not.
But don't say that you over reacted.
You got injured. It's not a minor thing.
And what is the guarantee that he won't repeat this action again.
We have seen a glimpse of his anger.
Yes
I am unable to understand his anger.
He is so unpredictable.
He argues with anyone anywhere anytime.
He argued with policemen that night and stayed in lockup whole night.
What?
Farhad stayed in lockup whole night.
Aunt
That was not his fault but...
But he couldn't control his anger.
Listen my child, you don't have to give justifications on his behalf.
I know that you are very sensible.
And you know Farhad more than both of us.
Am I right?
If you are unable to understand his behavior then I think you shouldn't go back now.
I think you and Farhad should spend some time by staying away from each other.
Am I right Shaggo?
Yes
I was thinking
That you should stay here with us for few more days.
And think with a cool mind that what you should do.
And
I think first we should think about finishing this breakfast.
Yes, come on.
Let's go.
Let me pick this.
No.
Come with me, I will give you breakfast.
Farhad
You are back.
Where do you go by leaving your mother?
I am here mom.
I stay awake whole night because of you.
You should sleep.
My son is tired as well.
Yes, I am very tired.
She has gotten us into trouble.
Let me talk to Farhad.
But I think he is already angry with me.
What should I do?
Let me call Zara.
Greetings aunt, how are you
I have been calling you for so long.
Why weren't you receiving my call?
I was busy in household chores.
So I thought to call you after getting free.
Is everything alright?
You seem a bit worried.
Zara
There is a very big problem.
Which problem
Is everything alright? Has uncle said anything to you?
No, there is nothing like that.
The issue is between Fareeha and Farhad.
What happened between Fareeha and Farhad?
Both of them were arguing and that argument became so intense that Farhad slapped Fareeha.
What? When did it happen?
It happened yesterday.
And you are telling me now.
Don't be angry
I was so confused, listen what happened next.
When Fareeha reached home in injured condition then sister Rashida and brother Yousuf saw her.
They saw her condition.
So much happened and I have been informed now.
Zara, you are sensible and you can understand.
I am so confused.
Brother Yousuf was so angry
He was mad out of anger and he has forbidden Fareeha to go back.
He was right in his anger. This is not a minor thing.
OK don't worry.
I am coming to meet you.
If you will come then maybe she will share her feelings with you.
She isn't telling anything and she is quiet.
OK aunt, I am coming in while.
Bye.
Come quickly. Bye.
We should give us some time.
We should think by staying away from each other that what do we want from each other.
But that will increase distances.
Hi. How are you Fareeha.
I am fine.
Where have you got injury?
Tell me, I will take you to doctor.
You know that I can't hurt you.
That was just a mistake.
Please forgive me. That won't happen again.
It's my promise.
I know Farhad that you didn't push me so that I may hurt.
That just happened.
You didn't beat your manager intentionally and that happened.
You didn't argue with policemen intentionally and that happened.
You didn't misbehaved with my uncle and aunt that just happened.
Farhad what will happen next just because you can't control your anger.
I am getting scared now.
We will fix everything.
Farhad, I don't know about the reason of your anger.
Your family, job, restaurant or at me.
But whatever that is
That is effecting us and weakening our relationship.
We should give ourselves some time.
We should think by staying away from each other that what do we want from each other.
Only distances will increase if we stay away from each other.
Why are you giving me such a big punishment?
Farhad, I am not punishing you.
I just want some time so that my wounds may heal. I need some space.
I called you to tell about that.
What's the matter? Why are you that much angry?
Fareeha reached aunt's house with injuries and mom and dad were also there.
They told me that Farhad beat her and now everyone is worried for her.
What are you talking about?
Did dad forgive her?
Just leave forgiveness, he is talking about bringing her back in this house.
Not at all.
This is not possible.
If Fareeha came back here then I won't spare a single second to leave this house.
Why are you getting depressed?
I won't let her come back in this house and by the way we won't stay in this house.
We will go to our own house which will be ours only.
I have been listening this for so long.
And I am observing that how everyone roams around us.
To do buttering.
And you got fooled by that.
There is nothing like that.
But what's wrong with that?
What's wrong if my family members are pampering my wife.
Once the shop is sold then you will buy the house of your choice. Right
When you finalize the deal?
That hotel owner has already bought all shops of the mall and he will definitely buy our shop as well.
That will happen if your dad get convinced.
That hotel owner is a very famous builder.
He will convince dad. He belongs to our community as well.
And why are you getting depressed? You just take rest. Eat well and relax.
Today, there were very few customers.
Today we only received two orders.
How are you Farhad.
Why are you here?
There are no customers on your shop.
So the food must be remaining, bring that for me.
Anyways, jokes apart
But this business was running because of dad's name.
I don't think that anyone will come here now.
We are trying to bring back our customers.
It will get better slowly and gradually
What if these two people also leave?
Listen to me Farhad, I have some very good buyers.
Talk to them and if you get a good deal then sell this restaurant.
And you also want to get rid of it. I know that.
This is Kiran's decision.
After all she is the owner of this restaurant.
Kiran is my wife and we have same opinion.
But dad didn't want to sell this restaurant.
If dad were here then he would have managed it well.
But you know it very well that we are unable to manage it.
I am busy in bank and Kiran can't come here.
And her brother has left her long ago.
Now how long will you try to save this sinking boat.
Listen Farhad, I am presenting you a life jacket.
It would be better to sell this restaurant.
It's a family business.
And family will decide whether to sell this business or not.
Let me talk to everyone. Let's see what they say.
Yes sure
Talk to them and have their opinion.
Tell me after that.
And take my help if you need anything.
Let me see the kitchen. Excuse me.
OK
What's the matter? Why isn't she responding.
Should I call her?
This looks awkward, she will think that I am bothering her.
But it's important to call her. Didn't she lost her phone.
Hi
Thank God, you received my call.
I have been sending you messages since morning but you are not responding.
I thought that your phone got snatched.
Oh sorry, I couldn't see that. Actually the thing is
That my balance was zero and my mother is not feeling well so I have brought her to hospital.
Didn't you find any shop on the way, you should have recharge your balance.
Actually the point is that...
What's the matter? Why are you so shy?
Tell me.
How could I tell you because I had no balance.
You should have called me but you didn't do that.
Actually, I thought it will be awkward to call you.
You would think that I am bothering you.
Well, what are you talking about?
Our relation is not that weak that I will think like that.
You say such things sometimes which feel bad.
It's your generosity.
Don't worry, I will recharge your balance.
OK, thank you so much.
No need to thank. Just tell me if you need anything else.
OK take care. Bye.
I will recharge your phone balance.
OK, good bye Jojo.
Wow, he recharged my balance. He is so quick.
What have you thought about your future?
I don't know
I told him that I need some time.
You must be thinking that I forbade her so this is right reward for her.
What are you talking about?
You know it very well that I can't even think like that.
You can see that uncle and aunt are still favoring you.
Everyone wants your betterment.
Do you know that I hugged dad that day
Then I realized that I was missing his love and kindness so much.
I mean I have hurt him so much
But he couldn't bear to see me in pain and he forgot everything suddenly.
If someone loves us unconditionally and without any reward
Then that is only parents' love for their children
You have given Farhad some time to think so you should also think.
Will you go back and resume such a relationship where you may choose one among your family and husband?
Mom
Mom. Hmm
Why didn't you get ready?
I have taken your appointment with doctor.
I don't want to go anywhere.
But why?
I want to sleep.
Mom.
You know about my condition.
Tell them about my condition and bring medicine.
Mom, this is not the right thing.
If doctor won't check you then how can he tell us about the problem.
As you know that I can't walk more.
No one can cure my disease.
You will only waste your money and time.
Mom
You promised me.
You promised me that you will go to doctor.
So let's go.
Please go to doctor, for my sake please.
She is a good doctor and she will give good treatment. Let's go.
Please
Won't she lock me in a madhouse?
No
I won't allow them to inject any injection.
OK
Let's go
Your reports are absolutely normal.
Didn't I tell you.
Everything is normal. Let's go.
Doctor
Mom faces difficulty in breathing normally.
Just like as if her breath is stopping.
Her hands and feet get cool.
Her heartbeat increases.
And she feels uncomfortable.
She starts to cry and then she keeps lying on the bed for so many days.
Stop it Farhad.
She doesn't have any courage to do anything
When doctor has told you that all reports are normal then why are you telling her about that?
Not necessarily everything can be revealed from reports.
Don't worry. Tell me if you have any worry or stress.
Doctor, my dad passed away recently.
I am sorry to hear that.
Tell me that this condition has started recently.
I have been observing this since my childhood.
The intensity increases and decreases.
Is it severe these days.
Yes.
Why are you asking about that. It has no connection with my disease.
Everyone has problems in his life.
There is a connection.
Your pulse is increased while your are sitting here and your blood pressure has also increased.
Are you feeling anything right now?
Is this start like this?
Listen, when you feel that you are entering that phase then there are some techniques.
Take a deep breathe in, just like me. Look at me.
Take in for four seconds.
And hold if for second from outside.
Do it again.
And then release it. Do it again.
Now tell me what are you feeling now?
Is your pulse coming down.
Study it thoroughly, there are so many good techniques which will help you.
Doctor why does this happen to me?
Sometime the traumas and sorrows are stuck in our body.
Then they come out like this in the form of any disease.
I am giving you some medicine. Please use these regularly
And it's important to change your life style
Engage yourself in any activity. Do exercise.
Share your feelings openly with someone.
Medicines will cure your disease but if
you want to cure your inner self then you will have to work hard for that.
It's a lengthy process but if you will cooperate with me then you will feel better.
Thank you so much doctor.
Let's go mom.
Excuse me.
Yes
She must need counseling. She is a very good counselor. Consult with her.
Thank you so much doctor.
Believe me, no one treated us like you did.
They always give some medicine for blood pressure and sleeping.
Thank you so much.
Unfortunately, mental health is not taking seriously even in medical profession.
Do your research which will enable you to find a very vast material and that will help you in curing her.
Right, thank you so much. bye.