Don't even think about giving Shah-Zain a single plate, let alone the entire business. 
He cannot be trusted.
You are right. Have you forgotten how much dowry they asked us?
Did you want something?
The catering business.
 What do you mean, Shahzain?
 You now what I mean, Kiran
Did you talk to your brother?
What are you doing with my son's phone? 
Have you no shame?
Do you have any idea how much pain you're causing your parents?
 Why don't you leave? 
Oh Wow! Look Jojo
there is so much of rush in your gym
The people who hadn't been coming for a month are now working out since this morning
Excuse me, sir. I would like to get a membership at your gym. Could you please show me your packages?
one second
fill this
and paste a very nice picture too
Please give me a form as well.
here you go
these 2 cauldrons needs to be delivered between 1:00 PM to 3:00 PM
there is so much of rush in the afternoon
from 3:00 PM to 6:00 PM there is hardly any work
and the rush starts after 6:00 PM
Okay
Sir, are the 6 cauldrons of biryani ready?
brother Farhad
yes
after brother Yaqoob's demise, I was taking less order of Biryani
I try to mix in the same manner
But the customer complains that it doesn't taste the same
would you like to try?
Can anybody else do this work?
its in front of you
Shamshad, it was all because of my dad's respect
How does mixing improve the taste of Biryani?
Whatever is cooked, is cooked!
Does any other catering company do that?
brother Yaqoob used to say, it makes us different from others
It doesn't make any difference who mixes the Biryani.
anyone can do that
hurry up, the delivery shouldn't get late
okay
I want to talk to you
yes, speak up
Saqib has become quiet now after hearing about his baby's birth, but...
he will discuss that business related matter again
what are you trying to say?
I am trying to say that...
I don't want Saqib to leave this house along with his wife & kids
and we shall become alone
means, you want me to sell of my family business. Right?
I shall close down my business due to the threats against your dearest son and the demand for money
I don't want this
I'm just suggesting that you should make Saqib sit down and talk to him
Maybe there is another solution.
what another solution we'll get?
Now, you see, I had money at the time when Khalid demanded it
I gave him his entire share
got the shop transferred on my name, so that the business shall stay within the family
I don't have this power anymore
I need to sell my shop in order to give money to Saqib, which I won't do
There might be a solution where the shop doesn't get sold, and Saqib is also satisfied
they don't understand, I had made it for my children
Since its a family business, its our honor. Its shall stay within our family
how can I auction my honor by coming into their insistence?
I won't be able to do it
Okay, at least talk to Saqib
maybe he understands your point and...
as it is, you have made all this for your children
So, what's the use of it if our children won't be there with us?
what's the matter, who is calling?
why aren't you picking it up?
or you don't want to talk in front of me
no mom, there isn't any such thing. Its Farhad calling, he might be calling for something important
I will call him back once I am done with the work
you hardly have any interest in doing the work
you talk to your family the entire day
I am taking your phone away, you can take it at night
do your work
do tell them to double check it
Farhad
Great!
its good to see you here
you here, all good?
yes, all good
I came to lessen my heart's burden
what kind of a burden?
hey, you drink it
No you drink it, I will order more
whatever happened between you & me
I am so ashamed & came to apologize
Do you know, I've realized after Dad's demise that life is completely meaningless
and these relations & connections...
this is all & we need to take care of them in a proper manner
so, have you forgiven me?
what are you saying?
I should apologize to you for irritating you as well
let it go, they are old matters. Lets leave them
by the way, do you know
I got so amazed when dad had transferred his business on Kiran's name
its obvious, Kiran cannot sit here at the shop
and what is my work over here?
I don't have any experience though
and do you know
when an unskilled person handles the business
then his condition becomes exactly...
like this biscuit
it drowns
as far as I know...
even you don't have any interest in this business
you are a BBA graduate
You should be holding an executive position in a multinational company, wearing a suit and tie
so why are you after these cauldrons?
in between the fragrance of spices or so
my friend, I think this is not your place
and along with father
this kitchen's time is also over
I think, you can get good buyers for this
anyways...
I shall leave now, as I am getting late.
But feel free to let me know if you have any work, without any hesitation. Okay?
Take care
mom
what's the matter?
mom, I need my phone
I want to talk to Shahzain
I understand very well whom you want to talk to by using Shahzain as an excuse
Oh God, what are girls nowadays? They can't live without their phones
In our times, we never used to talk back in front of our mother-in-law
you will not get the phone
go, let me watch the TV now
now leave!
why are you standing here?
she has spoiled my entire mood
Fariha, I am sorry
I shouldn't have talked to you like this
Farhad look, I know you are in stress
and I want to be supportive
I don't want us to fight
I only want you not to forget us in all this
it will never happen, Fariha
I just need some time, I will convince my mom
Do you know, we've been trying to make people understand ever since we got married
and we fail every time like always
Why do you think you will succeed this time?
why do you think that you will be able to convince your mother?
I will convince her
what if she didn't agree then?
yes mom, greetings!
mom, why are you crying?
please stop crying, I am coming
mom, I am telling you that I am coming
I know... you shall go
mom
mom, what happened? Get a grip on yourself
what happened?
I can't breathe without you
I can't breathe
oh mom, please compose yourself
mom, I've been watching this since my childhood
that you get breathless
and how you say that you are feeling anxious
Me insisting for you to go to the doctor, and your continuous refusal
and to sit for so many hours while holding your hand
I've been watching this since my childhood, mom
the reason behind it is not Fariha
what do you think?
Am I lying? Or my condition is fake?
its not fake
I know, you are not lying
I'm only saying that it's a disease and the doctor has its treatment. Come to the doctor with me.
There is no treatment. I've got all my tests done. All are fine.
there is no treatment of this disease
you are absolutely fine physically
These panic attacks that you get are mental issues.
I am not a psycho patient!
I am not!
I am not...
What will you do? Will you send me to a mental asylum because your father is dead?
I am not crazy. I am not!
oh mom...
having a mental issue doesn't mean that one is crazy
what are you saying then, tell me
I do have an idea
I do have an idea of what sort of life you had spent.
I know everything
when a person makes himself very strong to stand with his loved ones then...
He gets broken from within.
If it had been the treatment for your illness, then...
I swear to God, I would have kept holding your hand for an entire day, in fact, for a lifetime
this is not the treatment, I don't have its treatment
then how am I breathing?
I can breathe now
just pray, I can breathe now
mom
mom, you need help
we have to go to the doctor
believe me, we need to see a doctor
will you go for my sake?
I had gone to visit the catering house today
your romeo like brother was sitting there, & killing the flies
Kiran, I don't think so that Farhad can handle all this
and I have said this to him as well
that end this all, sell it off. He shall sell it off instead of ruining it
Kiran look...
I have explained him in very clear words
now don't complaint to me that what I have done, if he doesn't understands
hey... why are you being afraid?
I haven't done anything as of yet
and if you want me not to do anything & stay as good as I am
then you have to compel Farhad to sell off the catering business
Understand?
Don't know why don't you guys understand such a simple thing?
I don't understand this
Farhad!
here you go
please keep it, we don't need them. We can take care of ourselves
there is no need to return them, Shaggo didn't mean that
please keep it, thank you so much!
but dear...
no, its okay
Greetings aunt Shaggo, how are you?
how is Hamid uncle?
we all are fine..
how are you?
did Farhad come home?
He did. He came for some time and then went back.
Fariha, this is so wrong
it means, you are all alone the entire night since so many days
by the way, Farhad has crossed all the limits of carelessness
I agree that his family needs him the most at this time
But he does have some responsibility towards you.
Aunty, what can that poor guy do? He got shattered into two pieces.
it doesn't mean that he shall leave you completely alone
do one thing
come to our house for a few days
And you can go back once Farhad comes back.
No, I have already disturbed you guys a lot. I won't do it anymore.
Fariha...
you are being formal for no reason
I don't think it's appropriate for you to stay alone for the entire night.
There's nothing formal about it, aunty. 
You know I'll call you if I need anything.
As it is, my neighbors are so good. They take very good care of me
For now, I am fine. Also, slowly and gradually, I am becoming accustomed to living alone.
I will tell you if something happens
Fariha...
I will talk to you later, ok?
bye!
Don't know why this girl doesn't listen to me.
Shaggo, I think she is being formal
hmm...
Maybe she is thinking that I will mind her frequent stays here.
Shaggo
yes
Both of us will go tomorrow and bring her here ourselves.
really?
yes
I won't be able to see you worried for her like this.
we'll go tomorrow & bring her here. Ok?
thank you!
I had explained you earlier, that the builders are buying that entire area
they are soon going to build a very big shopping mall & plaza
I had talked to my dad, but he is not agreeing. What shall I say to him now?
then try explaining brother Yousuf
Almost all the shopkeepers in that area have accepted the offer.
and those people will get the benefit too
Even I want to leave this shop, but my father doesn't want to
Let me convince him
See, you are wise person. Try to agree your father
See, right now I am talking to you
But if all the shops in that area get sold out and only your shop is left
then...
the builders buy the foul properties in a different manner
and you know their way of doing it very well. Look...
right now, you'll get very good price of this shop
If brother Yousuf and the builders came face to face, then...
You will lose your shop, your money, as well as your respect
You guys will be left empty-handed
I won't let this happen
Okay, prepare the shop's sale deed. I will get it signed from him
this is very wise of you, let me get the documents prepared
but agree brother Yousuf properly
what if he refuse while being emotional
nothing as such will happen
alright then, I am leaving
aunty!
Greetings!
my child...
you guys are here, all of a sudden?
actually Fariha, there is such a big problem. Can we sit & talk?
please come
actually...
the matter is... dear, kindly have some mercy on me
what do you mean?
you stay here all alone the entire night
And this Aunt Shaggo of yours stays worried for you for an entire night.
and our night's sleep gets ruined
oh Hamid, I was so scared
Uncle, you people will be bothered because of me for no reason
your uncle is absolutely correct!
we won't be bothered but out worries will get over. Come with us
ok fine, let me talk to Farhad
yes...
ok?
Farhad
hey!
Greetings!*
Farhad...
sorry to hear about your father
dear, a father's demise is a lifetime grief
we wanted to come for the condolences but it wasn't appropriate. So we didn't come
No, its enough for me that you've said it. Please sit
is everything fine?
yes, actually Fariha is completely alone here & its very unsafe for her to stay here all alone in this area
Yes, in fact I was telling Fariha to stay at your house for a few days
yes, she is most welcome. That's why we are here to pick her
Farhad, as it is your family needs your more at this time
yes yes, absolutely. Dear, give time to your family
but, its important to take care of Fariha as well
She is managing everything alone
what do you guys think, can't I take care of Fariha?
No no.. 
Farhad, they didn't mean that
I know it very well that what do they mean
in fact, its good that you guys came here today
Fariha, have you returned their money?
Farhad please... 
what do you mean?
you haven't returned their money as of yet?
this... 
Fariha
Fariha please return their money right away, in front of me
one minute, he is talking about which amount?
let me... 
I mean, what are you talking about?
when your wife came to our house for the first time, she gave her the money. 
Because she thinks that I cannot take care of my wife
No..  no
I have kept my wife in such an unsafe & disgusting place, right?
No no dear.. 
its not like that, Shaggo must have given them so that it could become a little help for you guys. Nothing else
out of concern
yes
Farhad! Farhad... 
he didn't mean that, actually... 
he seems a bit angry, right?
No, maybe I think he is... 
Farhad
Farhad!
here you go
please keep it, we don't need them. We can take care of ourselves
there is no need to return them, Shaggo didn't mean that
please keep it, thank you so much!
but dear... 
no, its okay
actually... 
Anyways.. 
Fariha, are you fine? Would you like to come with us?
please come
No, no aunty... I won't be able to go with you as I have to discuss something with Farhad
ok fine, as you find better
I think, we should leave now
Both you and your husband should talk. We'll come again if you plan to visit our place. Okay?
are you sure?
yes yes
Okay
lets go!
okay dear
sorry dear
no, its ok
Sorry, I didn't even ask about refreshments from you guys
okay dear, take care
bye!
do call me
okay, thanks for visiting
I will call you
yes
Wait! Where are you going now after saying too much?
say it out whatever you want to!
I've already said whatever I wanted to
Farhad, you have no right to talk to my family like this. You have insulted my uncle and aunty
and your uncle & aunty doesn't have any right to interfere in our lives
Farhad, they weren't interfering
they are family, they were concerned. They were just... 
You shouldn't have talked to them like this
And the way they talked to me, didn't you hear that?
they were saying that I don't know how to take care of you, right?
Farhad, you asked me to go to my aunt's house as I am alone
So why do you mind it a lot when they came to pick me up now?
Fariha, I haven't mind their visit
But the way they were looking at our house with disdain, and trying to belittle us by offering you the money
their attitude was still the same
your mother came
She bad-mouthed about me so much, she said everything imaginable on the phone
I minded it a lot, but I didn't misbehave with her. I tolerated it
don't talk about tolerance in front of me
what not I had tolerated from your family's side?
They had misbehaved with my father, with my mother... They even beat up my brother
your brother tried to shoot me
Your family had ousted my entire family from your house, do you remember?
Didn't I tolerate everything?
So what did your family do? Did they give us a hug?
so, you guys had started it
We? We people?
First, you were blaming my family, and now you are going after my community!
Fariha, you know I didn't mean that
No, I don't know
I don't know this new Farhad, nor I want to know
And your dirty clothes! If I ever see them again, I will throw them off the balcony.
Oh, why aren't the messages getting delivered?
Also, I have refreshed it hundreds of times
what if her phone got snatched?
what if something happened to her?
shall I call her?
No, I shouldn't call
it feels weird
Brother Jojo, will Madam Billo come today or not?
I was messaging her, but she is not replying. Maybe, she is on her way
which way she is taking?
you are saying the same thing since last 2 hours, is she coming from Hyderabad?
I am not her PA. She will come if she wants to
oh Billo.. 
let me call her
No, no.. 
what will she think that I am after her
let me message her then
hello Billo!
if you cannot come then kindly let us know
Shaggo
Shaggo, I want to say something. Please look here
what is the meaning of silence?
I don't want to talk to anyone right now
yes, don't talk to anyone but at least you can talk to me
Hamid, I don't want to talk to anyone
I don't feel like talking to you as well
let me be... 
I was just trying to say that...
Enough!
Not right now!
okay fine
peanuts?
greetings Agha uncle, sorry I didn't see you coming
You were lost in your thoughts, so how would you know who is coming and going?
what plan are you making?
What happened? Is everything fine?
It seems like you've fought again with Farhad, right?
it seems that we always fight, Agha uncle
he finds all of my words wrong
and how do you find his words?
hmm... 
When a husband and a wife cannot understand each other's words, it means there is something very wrong
what do they say in English?
"Communication Gap"
Fariha, the problem is that you and Farhad have forgotten each other's languages.
The solution is to sit somewhere peacefully with a calm mind.
For sure, he might understand you, and you will understand him
yes
If Farhad annoys you a lot, then tell me. I will pull his ears
he irritates such a good girl, he made you upset
leave it
have some peanuts
they are cold
Obviously! My peanuts became cold while talking about your fight with Farhad
come, lets bring fresh peanuts. The peanut cart is at the end of our alley
we'll get two packets. One for you & one for me. Ok?
by the way you eat a lot, but where does it go?
come on my dear
there are so many benefits of hot peanuts
it takes away all the tension
come
come on
Greetings dad!
hey Greetings! Saqib dear, come. You & here?
can't I come?
No no, come... I want you to come here daily & handle the shop related work
Dad, it's your heartiest desire, but you can see how fast this market is changing
they are building very big malls & plazas over there
Do you think anyone will come down this small alley looking for our shop while leaving behind the plaza?
so what?
therefore, the people who are far-sighted are selling off their shops
They got a good price; they have saved themselves from the loss.
Qasim Botalwala offer is really good. His offer is still really good
if we want to move ahead, then we have to go with the flow
Dear, if you call "going with the flow" wisdom, then your father is not wise. Okay?
dad look, future is very different. Its changing drastically
We have to learn new colors of life, else we'll stay behind. I am telling you
Today Botalwala is offering us a good price, but the price will fall tomorrow
who will be at loss? You, me, our entire family
I cannot be greedy for the sake of profit or loss. Understand?
dad... 
how shall I explain you?
if you want to discuss all this while sitting here, then its better for you to go home. Don't come here. Leave!
Faraz, get me some water