break her contact from the outside world
 this phone is the bone of contention!
we'll make the decision tomorrow & that too in front of everyone
 you will get married to the person & family of our choice
dad... 
I am not asking from you, but telling you
that I have fixed your marriage with Sameer, brother Zaman's son
but dad... 
Enough! leave...
thank you, thank you!... 
are you happy now?
are you satisfied!
what have I done, sister?
its you who have brain washed her, right?
 these lessons of love or so
sister, I didn't had any such discussion with Freeha
you want my daughter to stay unmarried like you, right?
why will I want this, sister?
I was trying to explain Freeha that all this love or so..
stop it!
there is no need to explain her anything
He had never listened to anything about his sister, but now the matter has come to our daughter
I was afraid of this thing, that you will be a bad influence on our daughters
it feels as if the history is repeating itself
for God sake, stay away from my daughter
there is no need to explain her anything!
we have already borne too much because of you
we cannot tolerate it anymore
what happened to mom?
she had uttered such bitter words
what's your fault in it?
Freeha is so stubborn & selfish
No, sister's mood wasn't good
everything is fine
I can't believe that we have convinced our families
hmm... but Farhad look, no matter what happens tomorrow
don't say anything wrong
nothing can be wrong tomorrow, because we have only one chance to win everyone's heart
why will I say anything inappropriate?
in fact, you shall be careful
what if you got mad & slapped someone
what's wrong? I am not that crazy to slap anyone just like that
yes, true that. One should have a solid reason to slap someone
yes, so what else?
Ok repeat after me, "its wrong to do violence"
be quiet, don't talk rubbish
talk to your to-be husband with respect
I can't believe, listen... 
I am going to offer prayers right away, that nothing shall be wrong now
Ok? I will talk to you later
as I have to offer prayers for us
even I am starting tomorrow's preparations right away
Okay... bye!
oh God, nothing shall be wrong now
come in
oho... 
dad, I have brought a gift for you
what? for me!
its a big thing, show me
our days have changed now.
who will wear this pant shirt? I am okay with Shawar Kameez
dad, actually its a special day tomorrow so I thought you shall wear it
do we change our clothes on the special day?
it doesn't make any difference, I will wear Shalwar Kameez. Don't worry
but dad..
as I said, there is no importance of one's clothes
the reputation within, the character... it has its importance, one shall focus on it
since you've brought it now, so I will gift it to any of my friend
lets go
no matter whatever good I do for him, he still picks bad things from it
is there anyone to listen to me?
oh man, at least you should have brought some nice car
I've brought whatever came in my budget
get off everyone, come on
we have reached to our destination, no matter how the car is
come, dad
dad, do you have hundred rupees?
100 rupees for what?
no no, its alright
lets go
do we have to pay the ticket to enter this house?
not at all, dad
then why were you asking for 100 rupees?
just like that
please come
lets go
they are here
dad, I am saying think once again. Ask them to leave from outside
let them come
please come, this way
Greetings!*
how are you , uncle?
fine.. and you?
Greetings!*
uncle, she is my mom
Greetings!
greetings, sister
he is my cousin, Jamshed
Greetings!
and he is my father
hey... 
you!
you?
is he your son?
so is she your daughter?
hey, have you brought me here to get married to his daughter?
how are you talking?
be quiet!
We don't want to make any relation with such an ill-mannered & arrogant man!
think before you speak! 
Don't you know where you are standing?
See, not only elders but even the younger ones doesn't have any manners to talk to their elders
do you know them?
I send curse on them! How would I know? I hardly speak to such people
it was my bad luck that I had met him
yes, now I have understood. He came to my shop
now he has planned to do something big, that's why he asked his son to trap my daughter
no uncle, its not like that... 
there is no need to give clarifications
small thinking of a big man
instead of marrying in this family, its better for you to stay single for your entire life
dad, let me please talk
uncle I..
go away from here, get lost!
how dare you to push my son?
hey! how dare you to touch my father?
go back on your feet within two seconds
hey, even two seconds are too much
I send curse on this house, on every part of that second
you'll see, how your pride will be ruined
get lost from here! Oust them from our house
dad
dad, what have you done?
what have I done? You tell me, what you did?
is this your choice?
 the son of that vile & disgusting man!
who tried to hold my collar in my house!
you were right
I get to know prior that what's in a person's heart & what are his intentions
I got to know it at that time, when I had met that vile man
I am amazed that you cannot recognize people at all!
how dare you to invite that man to my house?
dad, there might be a misunderstanding. At least, try talking to them once
there is no misunderstanding. I have met him, your contumacy is fulfilled
be thankful that I met him on the right time & you haven't got into this quick sand
enough of your choice & decisions. 
Now this chapter is closed, that's it!
now go to your room, enough is enough!
lets go now!
its not starting
you guys can never do anything properly
what shall I do, shall I sit on the engine?
may your car go to hell!
wait
let me push the car, wait
dad
explain her, tell her
don't know what story she has kept in her mind
you liked a guy in your college, right?
tell her
so what you did?
she came to inform me before taking any step
she told me the truth, and I honored her choice
she gave me respect then only those people came here for the proposal
it wasn't any ordinary family, it was a good family
but the guy was a fraudster
and that's why she had brought them to me while considering them a good family
tell her, whatever she is thinking is never going to happen
I won't let it happen! She shall keep sitting here
dad... 
lets go, Shaggo
leave her on her own
she has written these tears herself in her fate
don't know what as such mistake we did
that she is adamant to ruin the honor & respect of our family
have mercy on us!
lets go!
mom.. 
aunty... 
Yaqoob
I hardly speak to such people
it was my bad luck that I had met him
think before your speak!
don't you know where you are standing?
nobody has ever dared to talk to me in that manner
what have we earned until date?
only respect
and it got ruined in just a few minutes, only because of you
that man was pushing me, insulting me. And he, your dearest son was requesting him
didn't you feel ashamed?
You couldn't tolerate it, right?
you couldn't see my happiness?
what as such the matter was, that you couldn't sit there for a few minutes & talk to them?
what as such the matter was, that you couldn't hold your anger for a few seconds?
stop your rubbish!
that man was pushing me, insulting me... and I shall bow down in front of him?
I shall beg him in his feet like a dog?
because I am an ordinary person & he is a very rich guy!
when I met him the very first time, he was showing me off with his car
after that, I had gone to buy Kiran's jewelry. So he said to me.. 
that you don't have a stature to enter my shop
and he our dearest son is thinking that he'll make him his son-in-law
are you out of your mind? Open your eyes
they are those people, who even keeps a dog after checking its race
what is your worth though?
we belong to Khursheed Khan's family
he was a Rajput
yes, and we are proud of our family
but they think that we are an ordinary caterers
what to say to them, brother?
they feel ashamed on themselves, while calling them caterers
he has gone blind after seeing the glitters of gold
yes! we are middle class people, and her family is hi-fi... 
but neither I saw her palace, nor she saw my kitchen
these things doesn't matter to us
yes dear, as if you live on the moon. Why will these things matter to you?
this is world & you live here
and there are differences in this world
my dear, love is an emotion
but when the reality of life is added to it
then one needs to take many bitter sips
then we get to know the reality of life
life is not spent upon the basis of love
and my life doesn't function without Freeha
if I will break your legs then you won't be able to walk without her
listen to me
this marriage cannot happen
end the matter, go to your room
shed tears, cry for as much time as you want to. Go on hunger stike, got it?
and when this romeo phase is over, then come back to your stature
I can only see one reality of my life & that is Freeha!
and I will ensure to make her a part of my life, dad
then listen to me
no girl will come to this house from that family
Fine!
I will leave this house
No dear, what are you saying?
Fine
you can fulfill this desire too
get out!
you'll get to know the reality once you'll spend the night under the sky for a few days. You won't be able to earn for some food
I am your also your son 
I will show you
stop him
Farhad... 
go away... 
you are leaving your parents for your love story
you'll see the consequences of it
Yaqoob, is our only son
quiet!
he is dead for me
I don't have any son or so
what are you saying, Jojo? 
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
I didn't get a chance to tell you anything
where is Farhad?
right now, He is with me at the gym
what this crazy guy has done
ok listen to me
listen to me with patience, let me come & try to explain dad. Ok?
Relax, and keep Farhad relaxed too. I am coming, I will call you back in a while
Ok?
yes
okay
what Farhad did now?
he left the house
just now his proposal related matters were being discussed, then how come all of this had happened?
I know nothing, Shahzain, I think there had been some issue at the girl's house
I think your brother must have done some drama, he is such a big looser!
he can never do anything in his life
Zain!
and listen to me very carefully
you won't go to meet him at all
what Shahzain, but... 
no ifs or buts
didn't you hear what I had said?
 You will not go to meet him
don't know in what things he'll get into after going out of the house
and his spectacle shouldn't come to my house
as far as meeting your parents is concerned, I will personally go
I feel pity on your parents
eat something
I've brought your favorite, egg burger
I am not hungry
oh man...
even our bad luck is way too bad
everything was going so smooth & well, but all of a sudden everything got upside down
that's why I am scared of happiness
do you know, Jojo
for the first time in my life I felt so happy
I felt as if I am seeing some dream
and then all of a sudden I woke up
the life has thrown me back to reality
by the way, you shouldn't have said that you are leaving the house
so, did they stop me?
they already wanted to oust me from the house
and now they've got a chance
are you mad?
 its not like that, they say it out in anger
and I've become fed-up of listening to his taunts, Jojo
you'll see
now I will go back in front of them after becoming a big man
means, you won't go back to your house until then? 
You won't meet your parents?
your mind also gets empty when your stomach is empty
eat something first, come on
eat...
I don't want to eat
wait for a few days, let the matter cool down a bit then we'll talk again
come on eat
hold it
eat
come on
Ok, let me go & make an arrangement for you to stay here
hey listen!
why are you bothering yourself for me?
go home
really? Do you think, I can go home after leaving you alone over here?
stay here
a lot had happened, and you didn't even tell me
what I could have told you? You have recently got married
its just that I didn't wanted to bother you
leave this discussion. You just came now, & see what we are discussing
how are you?
Are you happy?
that's good
they are coming tomorrow for your engagement
and I got to know that Sameer is a nice guy, also his family is really good
don't close your mind on him
Zara, when my heart is already closed then how will my mind support it?
that's your problem, Freeha
you always think with your heart
and its better for the girls like us not to do such mistakes
we were told only one thing since our childhood
that we have to get married to a Memon guy & as per our family's choice
look at me, I didn't allowed my heart to misled to some other direction
I wish, I could also control my heart in the same manner but...
maybe, I am not born to be like that
try to forget him
as there is betterment for you & this family in it
otherwise, it will become way too difficult for you to spend your life Freeha
its already like that
what stupidity Farhad did!
he is your only son
and he should become your right hand, instead he is adding worries to your life
we have become fed-up of him
he doesn't even care a bit that my parents are old now, I should take care of them a bit
or I shall realize about them
dad, he is quite emotional
and furious too, you'll see that he'll come back from the same door while apologizing within a few days
what's this?
means, he does one mistake after another & then apologizes
some mistakes cannot be forgiven
and dad, do you remember. Kiran & my marriage was on the verge of breaking because of him
he doesn't care about anything at all!
we cannot keep any sort of hope with such kind of a person
dad, I will talk to him. I will try to explain him, he will understand
what will you explain him?
will you teach him how to respect his father in this age?
that father who did so many sacrifices for him, what not he did for his son?
and he left after turning away his face from his parents
we cannot teach anything to such a person
He will understand. Shahzain, he will
leave it mom, I know it very well
Farhad is one selfish & ungrateful person!
and I know it very well that in what company he is sitting in nowadays!
and now he is into filmy romance. What kind of a hope you'll have from such a person?
dad... you don't need to worry
if you ever need anything, please let know without any hesitation
if you want any help in the kitchen, then I will come after my job
but don't consider yourself alone, I am also like your son
your words are enough for me, dear
thanks to God I am satisfied that at least my daughter is happily married in her house
what do you think, what kind of a father I am?
you are the best, dad
very nice
have I ever asked you for anything?
I have always thought that...
its better to give as much as you can to your children
whether its education, manners, love, honor... family values
give them so much that if tomorrow
its needed, then my upbringing shall bring it to me without asking
but my thinking was wrong
that's why today I have come to ask you for something
see...
they are coming tomorrow to do the engagement ritual
if you love your father even a bit
and you honor my respect a bit
then don't do any drama
I beg you...
please dad please..
please
how are you?
I am fine, how about you?
all good
actually I wanted to return your slippers, the one you gave me on that day
I took them from someone else to gave you
had you given me someone else's slippers?
No no, I had washed & cleaned them first before giving it to you
Okay, thank you!
You're welcome!
thank you so much.
please sit
So...
Its your niece's engagement
how do you know?
Instagram, twitter, Facebook...
they are nothing in front of our Memom Hot line
the way aunt Zubeda spreads the news of our community, even a good news channel cannot do it
do you know that?
what does she say about Freeha?
No... nothing!
and what does it say about me?
the Memon hot line
Shaggo
does it really matter to you?
I hardly care about what people say
I am habitual of making my own point of view
now tell me one thing
whatever happened with you
who else can know about it better than you?
whatever a person goes through
only he can understand its pain
I got to know about your wife
I'm so sorry about it, but when she died?
its been so many years
Hamid, few wounds never recover
they leave their impact
and we have to become habitual of tolerating its pain
what do you keep writing in your diary? 
Poetry?
poetry!
as if you haven't read it
its your personal thing, and who am I to check it
really?
I am not friends with words
but I am friends with numbers
really?
yes
brother Yousuf have always taught me how to become a financially independent woman
and I've always hold on to that lesson
whenever I get some money, I keep investing. 
Sometimes in stock exchange...
sometimes in mutual funds or gold
its such a good thing
yes
then I should be taking financial advice from you
you will get the financial advice, but I will charge its fee
thank God that dad's eyes got opened itself
otherwise, I had decided
if this matter will go on, then I will say it clearly that I cannot keep my relation with such people
its good that the matter got stalled outside
and there is no need to prolong this engagement time period as well
quickly get her married so that she shouldn't do any new drama
yes... even dad was saying the same thing now
you shall also think about the future
make arrangements of this shop & get your share
although you are also a business partner in it, but still dad controls everything
he just deposits the money in our account on monthly basis
do you know, my brother has bought a 1000 sq. yards house in Defence
my mom & dad says, its a good thing if the children are becoming independent
and until when we'll stay stuck in this area?
even I don't want to live here
but my dad & others don't want to move out, what shall I do?
then they shall live here
in the future, we have to start our own family. We have to think about them
I will talk to dad once Freeha gets married
everyone will be happy after getting their share of inheritance
I have chosen the place as well, I want to move to phase 8
if you will see my brother's house there, you'll be amazed. Its way too amazing!
did you see? How he used to spoil Freeha at all times
my Freeha this, my Freeha that...
He made us go crazy. 
Also he had spoiled her way too much
and now he has fallen on his face
brother had got a very big shock
what a big shock?
First his sister did, and now his daughter did
and we kept explaining, but he never listens to us
Thank God my Zara is not that kind of a girl, nor she got influenced by any such women
All praise to God, our daughter is so pious & obedient
we also have a daughter, don't say such things
may God never test anyone with such a trial
Does she stop? Or wait to humiliate us at any point?
I will speak now
anyways leave it
at least talk to brother, as soon as Freeha's matter gets fixed
he shall set-up a business for you, so that we shall leave something behind for Billu
how can I talk to him in this situation?
this is the best chance, try to understand my point
make him realize that you are with him
now see, Saqib is adamant to sell the shop. And his daughter is not in her senses
I must say, this is the best chance
make him realize, how sincere you are to him
I am so sure that he won't refuse at all
you don't need to be afraid of him
I am not afraid of him, but I respect him
whatever, just get our work done.