Farhad, I am all alone here for an entire day 
at least, come home on time at night please
I've gone for a single day only, I don't go on daily basis though
you are upset upon the fact that I haven't become your slave? 
Shameless! Whatever I have, will I take it all to my grave?
its all yours!
 I wanted to teach you
I wanted to make you capable enough so that you can handle it
I have been ignoring all of your actions till date by considering you an elderly person
 but today, you've crossed all the limits
you hate me so much that you didn't care about the rest of the people living in this building 
you didn't even think that tonight is so special for them
aunt Shaggo, I can't tell you that how happy I am for you
and I pray so much for yours & brother Hamid's future
Fareeha, all of my happiness is incomplete without you. My love...
So, will I be able to attend your wedding?
honestly speaking, brother Yousuf & his wife is so angry right now
and Saqib
you know his anger very well
he is upset with me as well
both of them are not attending my wedding as well
but let me talk to Hamid
Fareeha, I feel so happy today after seeing you here
I feel like taking you back with me by gathering you in my arms
tell me something
does Farhad loves you?
Farhad takes very good care of me
Fareeha, tell him to shift at some good place
No, its not a problem. Actually we got this place in a hurry
but we are planning, soon we will shift
remember my words
if you ever need anything, then you will call me
not them
Fareeha, never consider yourself alone. We are there for you
thank you Zara
aunt..
yes?
mom is calling, we shall leave now
lets go!
why so early?
we'll come again
we'll come, ok?
keep this
no, no aunt... I don't need it
be quiet, & don't argue with me
but aunt...
you might need it
aunt...
keep it as a gift from my side
take care of yourself, ok?
Ok, wait for a while let me call Farhad. You haven't met him properly though
No Fareeha, we'll meet him next time as we are getting late right now
you know what must be going on over there
yes
will we take the cups along with us?
lets go!
give me, let me keep them
my entire family has gone & you are sitting here
you didn't come to meet them properly
they came to meet you, that's enough
they came to meet us, Farhad
No Fareeha, they didn't come to meet us
in fact they came to see that in what condition I've kept you here
what was their perception about our house?
they couldn't come upstairs
of-course, we don't worth it
don't think this way
that's why they gave you the money
you couldn't come in front to meet them, but you could spy on me secretly right?
I couldn't gather the courage, Fareeha
I couldn't gather the courage after seeing this
why did you take the money from them?
Farhad, aunt Shaggo gave them to me forcefully. I couldn't refuse
couldn't you return as well?
Farhad , I had thought of returning it but aunt Shaggo didn't agree
she was in a hurry, as she was leaving. Then I thought of returning it later
what else I could have done, tell me?
you shouldn't have taken the money from her!
Fareeha, I know that I am unable to give you the luxuries that your family used to give you
and this thing eats me up everyday from within
Farhad, what have I asked you?
these are your own insecurities
yes, I do have
I am stuck in a useless job, so that I can give you a better lifestyle
don't you need a better lifestyle yourself?
why are you blaming me? Are you doing this job because of me?
yes, I am doing it for your sake
I mean, I am doing it for you
Fareeha, my manager punishes me for doing good work
he had made me an office boy
he asks me to bring tea & coffee for the guests
I would have kicked this job long time ago if I didn't had your responsibility on me. But I cannot do this
because I am stuck
you got stuck with me?
Fareeha, I didn't mean that & you know it
No...
you don't need to say anything anymore
and I am so sorry that you have to do this job because of me
but its ok, you don't need to take my burden anymore because I can take care of responsibility. Thank you!
Fareeha, don't take my words in a wrong manner
is everything okay?
do you know, where your son is living?
how would I know?
I just met that wretched guy!
he doesn't have a bit of regret, he stands so confidently in front of me
he didn't lowered his gaze even a bit in front of his father
He could see that his father was busy in serving the food from the caldron
he doesn't even realize a bit, is this what you call a support?
Okay, please sit
I shall sit!
move away
Shamim look, my arms doesn't have anymore power
my arms starts shivering after making tens of cladrons
if this will be continued
then all my hard work of years will go in vain
I don't have any support system, although I am a father of a son
why are you saying such things? May God bless you with long life
that Shahzain was looking after everything in my absence
and I had made him upset too
I will go to him & apologize
now he will take care of you all after me
what's wrong with you today? Why are you saying such things?
I will go & talk to him
Okay
Yaqoob...
what do you think, Shaggo?
will it be okay for Fareeha to attend the wedding?
Hamid...
my heart says that she should attend our joyous occasion
but...
my brains says "No"
by the way, its quite weird that
your niece wants to attend the wedding, but the doors are closed for her
while we are requesting your nephew over there, but he doesn't want to come
I think, Fareeha should come
but...
brother Yousuf?
I will handle brother Yousuf
really?
I will handle him
until when you'll keep sitting like this?
Fareeha
don't do this
look here
even you had so much yesterday in anger
let it go
please
Farhad, I didn't intend to keep aunt Shaggo's money
I also have that much of self-respect
a lot is happening in your office, so why don't you tell me?
why don't you share it?
Fareeha, what's the use of worrying you?
I am handling it
but there is no need to handle it all alone
talk to me, tell me
whenever anything happens, I feel like you are going away from me instead of getting closer
Fareeha, there isn't any such thing
its just that right now our hard time is going on
but it will be fine
don't take tension, ok?
Farhad, I fear that the level of frustration you are gathering in yourself
it will come out on our relation someday, In fact its already affecting our relation
Fareeha, as I said there isn't any such thing
I am handling it
I am getting late for office, so I am leaving
Ok?
bye!
bye..
brother, take these things & fruits inside
Brother Yousuf said that you need to deliver it to Mr. Hamid's house in the evening
come on, hurry up
is there anything left to be done?
Ramsha.. Saqib
where are you guys going?
we are going to stay at Ramsha's family for a few days
Why? What happened?
you guys shall do your wedding preparations, what if your enjoyment gets ruined because of us
Saqib, dear am I committing such a big sin?
anyone can do anything as per their choice. Who am I to interfere in anyone's matter?
after all, we are not habitual of interfering in anyone's matter
and over here, everyone has their own will
therefore it would be better for everyone not to interfere in our matter
Saqib, you might not remember
when you were born
I had distributed your sweetmeat bear feet
I have done your brought up in my lap
I had made the cake with my own hands on your every birthday
I took care of your every happiness
no matter if we don't agree with each others' decisions
but we've always been attached with our hearts
See, no matter if you don't agree with my decision
but its not good to turn your face away
you are right, relation changes
and these childhood talks looks good in the childhood
you used to make cake for me on my birthday
and after Fareeha's birth, you used to make a separate cake for her on my birthday
you used to get a better gift for her than mine
and its happening till date
nothing has changed now
Fareeha is given more importance here in every matter
Saqib, she is your little sister...
I haven't changed the relations
you guys did
you guys have distanced me from yourself
its better for me to stay away from you people
lets go!
Saqib, listen to me...
Sister...
hey! what are you doing here?
whatever spectacle you've done, isn't that enough?
get out of here
coming...
you!
what work do you have?
I want to talk to you, may I come in?
please come
here...
Wow! you've decorated your house very well
Very nice!
please sit
sit down
tell me
sit
don't be afraid
I don't bite
I am so embarrassed about that day
I came to apologize to you, please forgive me
do you know...
I am exactly like you, in fact you are like me
when I & Mr. Agha came here
there was nothing
Mr. Agha used to work in the factory
and I used to take care of the house
while taking care of the house, I thought of doing something else
then...
I started to solve the issues of the people living here
I used to teach the kids, and kept on doing something
I thought, since I have time so i should do it
while doing it, one day everyone made me the president of the building committee
Wow! what a respect they gave me
I got an identity, and I became habitual of it
the environment got a bit disturbed when you came here, so..
I started to get a bit afraid
but I don't want to snatch all this from you
I know that
you become habitual of the identity
and you need courage to break this habit
and I was looking for that courage
its the rule of this world, one has to come forward & take care of the work
it won't work with me for an entire life time
anyways, I do understand your problems
don't worry
but my objective is not this
I know you don't have this objective
you are so sensible
you will make your life, also you will find your objective too. I know!
you are the girl of this modern era
not like us...
I thought to come today & discuss it with you
lets end this enmity, battle & this fight
lets be friends, what do you say?
yes?
obviously, we have to live together. This entire neighborhood is family
yes?
I forgot to say the actual thing
from now on, you have to collect one thousand rupees from every house
why?
Why! What do you mean by that?
 its your idea
We need dustbins, solution for the mice. We need cleanliness
and it would be expensive to do all this
its your responsibility now
I will tell everyone that we got such a great change because of you
everyone will be happy
I came empty hands, sorry
I will bring something next time
Ok? I am leaving now
hey dad! Greetings...
greetings!
dad, is everything fine? How come you are here all of a sudden?
yes, everything is fine thanks to God
actually you had gone without having lunch on that day then we couldn't meet. So, I wanted to meet you
I hope you are not upset
No dad, why will I be upset with you?
I just felt a bit hurt on that day, nothing else
dear please forgive me, I shouldn't have talked to you in this manner
you are the only person, on whom I can trust
in fact, I want you to handle my catering business now
but dad, I work in a bank. How can I handle it?
I don't trust anyone else except for you
and nobody else has an interest in it
So, I don't want my hard work to get ruined for my generations after my demise
and Karim Baksh's name shall be vanished
oh dad, why are you saying such things now?
 You have to do a lot more
oh dear, its very important to say such things with time
and now my situation is as such that its important for me to discuss such things
our elders used to say, that one's own business is great!
you can continue with your bank's job, but you should have your own business as well
because one's own business is beneficial for the generations
promise me
you will never let Karim Baksh's name get vanished
dad, don't you worry. I won't let this happen
Greetings dad! when did you come?
Greetings! I just came a while ago
are you fine? Is mom fine?
I am so happy today
Shahzain has promised me that he won't let Karim Baksh's name get vanished
Soon I will get the documents ready
which documents, for what? What are you doing?
by the way dad, its not required
but you know in our bank they suggest you to do all these things first
we cannot trust our life though
and in our country they ask you to wander around for years, if there is no proper paper work
then what will be left in the business?
yes
what happened to you?
nothing dad
actually I had slipped in the house, that's why
so why didn't you tell us?
dad, what I would have told you?
Its nothing just a small injury
oh dad, I tell her not to show so much haste while working
she should walk slowly & do everything properly. But she doesn't listen to me at all
now see, you had slipped. Try to listen to me as well
are you fine dear?
I am absolutely fine dad
you get worried & mom starts lecturing me that's why I haven't told you
nothing else
Okay, but do take care of yourself
I am leaving now
oh dad, at least drink tea
Go
drink tea before leaving
What? no..
please wait, let me prepare tea
No, I don't feel like drinking the tea
I am feeling anxious, I will leave
Okay?
take care
let me see you off
convey my regards to mom
what?
convey my regards to mom
okay
yes
hey, what are you doing? Where were you since morning?
I was here, where else I would be?
Boss had asked me to get the prints of all the documents
Boss is not leaving that topic
how much of your work is done?
not even half of it is completed
Farhad
what is this?
what happened, Sir?
which prints you've given me?
Sir, you had asked for these
are you trying to act smart with me?
No sir
I had ask you to get me the prints of Global Tech
you can't even get the proper printouts & your thinking is sky rocketing
I want the correct prints right away!
it should be on my desk within 5 minutes, is it clear?
this bald man is playing games with me
have you gone mad? What are you doing?
now you'll go & tell him that he is doing wrong with you? He is your boss!
what's the big deal if he is the boss?
what does it mean, he can scold me off whenever he wants to. And I cannot say anything?
for now you cannot
he is pinching you deliberately you that you can react & he gets a chance to fire you
then let him fire me!
to hell with this job!
really?
what will you do then?
you can resign with respect once you get another option
you are kicking your fixed job uselessly
you aren't a bachelor though, you have a wife at home
it cannot happen that you shall leave your job & sit at home. Think a bit practically!
take out the prints, why are you looking at my face?
Yaqoob, the dinner is served
Yaqoob?
yes
I have served the dinner
I am not hungry
what's the matter?
I'm noticing that you are so worried since you came back from Kiran's house
is everything fine over there?
didn't Kiran told you that she got injured?
Kiran got injured?
how? where?
when she got injured?
She was saying that she had slipped while walking hastily
she got an injury on her face
so why didn't she tell me? I would have taken her to the hospital
haven't you observed such an injury on her face earlier?
No
No, any other marks somewhere on her body
No Yaqoob!
why are you asking such kind of questions?
those were the same marks you used to get, whenever I used to hit you...
No...
it wouldn't have happened
she must be telling the truth that she got slipped
she would have told me, if something would have happened
anyways, take care of her and ask her to come to our house
and do some rest
Okay
did you talk to them?
really!
aunt Shaggo, I love you, I love you! Thank you so much
I'll see you soon
Bye!
it was aunt Shaggo's call
what was she saying?
she has talked to Hamid uncle & both of us can attend her wedding
what did your parents said?
they don't know right now
what are you saying, Fareeha?
how can we go then?
you know your parents are angry with us
why do you want to spoil your aunt's wedding ceremony uselessly
No, Hamid uncle & aunt Shaggo will handle everything. They have said to me
Fareeha, I don't think so that we should go there
Farhad, please... she said that we both should come
Fareeha, you can go there if you want to. But I won't go
what are you saying?
Fareeha look, its simple thing
I got so much insulted by your family
I haven't forgotten my insult as of yet
and maybe you are forgetting that what your family had said to you
they had closed the doors of that house on your forever, right?
they were angry Farhad, and it takes time to accept all this
they might not say anything on such an occasion
Fareeha, maybe its their compulsion not to say anything
but them & everyone present over there. I know it very well that what they are thinking about me
Please, this is very important for me Farhad
Fareeha, you may go if you want to
I am done!
I cannot get anymore insulted, sorry!
Farhad!
hey! what are you doing here?
whatever spectacle you've done, isn't that enough?
get out of here
go away!
Fareeha, wait
actually...
I have invited Fareeha, brother Yousuf
why did you invite her?
we have become habitual of living without her
what's the big deal, Shaggo would have got married as well
why did you invite her?
Shaggo's big day would have stayed incomplete if Fareeha wouldn't have come
brother Yousuf, please spit your anger for today
for the sake of Shaggo, ok?
Fareeha, go meet your aunt
brother Yousuf
I couldn't give a better wedding gift to Shaggo than this one
let it be for today, please brother Yousuf
Zara... Bilal
you have come!
let me meet autn Shaggo
lets go
you did very well by coming on the wedding
but now I am feeling as if I have made a mistake
you haven't done any mistake. Look at the happiness on aunt's face by seeing you
quickly go & meet her
aunt..
you are looking so pretty
Heartiest congratulations to you! I am so happy for you
thank you so much!
maybe, I got this courage from you
otherwise, I had put a lock on my life's & heart's door
when a heart's door is opened, then how come you can close the doors of your life aunt?
we just put the lock ourselves
don't you worry
one day these doors will also get opened
they have to open up
and I will ensure to open these doors
I am thinking to break these doors
all praise to God, you are looking so pretty
and why am I sitting here? Please come
Its okay
you could have let her sit here for sometime
please sit here
No no, you are the groom
I am coming in a while
mom...
don't you miss me?
who misses those daughters who leaves the house after ruining their parents honor?
So why my mother cannot say such things to me while looking into my eyes?
didn't you miss your mother?
didn't you think about your mother ever?
who can forget such a lovely mother?
I miss you everyday