We don't want to make any relation with such an ill-mannered & arrogant man!
Think before you speak!
 Don't you know where you are standing? 
See, not only elders but even the younger ones doesn't have any manners to talk to their elders
how dare you to invite that man to my house?
dad, there might be a misunderstanding. At least, try talking to them once 
there is no misunderstanding.
love is an emotion
but when the reality of life is added to it
then one needs to take many bitter sips 
 you won't go to meet him at all 
what Shahzain, but... 
no ifs or buts
didn't you hear what I had said? 
You will not go to meet him
actually... 
actually mom.
actually I need your help, Billu
what happened?
I want to use your phone to speak to Farhad
but sister, today is your engagement
I know. That's what I wanted to tell him
sister look, if anyone gets to know then all hell will break loose on us
No, I just want to tell this to him. He has this much of right though Billu
sister, first promise me that he won't come in the middle of the engagement as a hero?
because I cannot take this risk
I just want to inform him that today I am getting engaged to someone else
so he shall not wait for me
now give me your phone
thank you!
sister, be quick else they'll thrash us very badly
here you go, do let me know if he replies
keep checking
No no... 
No... no!
No... 
what happened, brother?
Jojo, Freeha is getting engaged
this had to happen
what are you saying?
how can she become of someone else so easily?
what will you do now?
will you enter her house? Or will you call off her engagement like a hero?
so that her family shall get more humiliated
oh brother, if you will go now then they'll directly shoot you 
what else shall I do? Shall I keep looking at the spectacle?
check the message, she isn't saying that come & save me
she is saying, "don't wait for me"
she doesn't want to fight this battle, understand this
She is testing my love for her
I am telling you, she is testing my love for her
stop it, man!
if she says it herself that "Farhad come, & save me please"
then its understandable, then I will go with you too
right now that poor girl is in such a difficulty that she had sent a message from her cousin's number
you are adding her worries
what are you doing?
I want to talk to her
don't do this, Farhad
have you got the answer?
stop it now, Farhad. Please
move on now, leave it
where are you going?
hey Farhad!
your mom is calling you
she is saying, which color clothes would you like to wear from Zara's wedding clothes?
who is calling you?
its a wrong number, don't know who is calling from morning
well... 
really? So which color will you wear today?
White
not white but blue
then why are you asking me, bald guy!
because I wanted to see your long face
medicine
how are you feeling now?
I am feeling a bit of weakness
press my clothes, so that I can visit the kitchen
rest at home today
is there anyone to look after over there? Everyone has gone
Shamshad & other guys are there
its not their work
I find this kitchen on its right place
I feel it as my family
I will go there after resting for a while
I know you are missing him too
you are elder, please forgive him
forgiveness for what?
we forgive them who apologizes, who realizes
did he apologized?
come on, leave
leave... 
wake me up after an hour
tea...
go
okay
wait, let me check if the guy's family is here or not
Billu, did you get any reply of the message?
why aren't you speaking up, tell me!
No, no reply
did you check properly?
any call?
No
lets go, dear
they are here
aunty... 
No... 
aunty... 
don't cry
you are making an absolute right decision
show some courage
we cannot go downstairs like this
be quick
oh! I forgot your garlands in the room
Ok listen, Billu. Take your sister downstairs
meanwhile let me bring your garlands
be quick
did you check properly?
wasn't your phone on silent?
No
Ok
give me some time
she is looking so pretty
yes
sister, shall we start the rituals?
dear, make her wear the ring
do it
Freeha, move your hand a bit forward
dear, make her wear the ring
hey dear, do it
maybe she is shy
our girls are shy like this
dear, wear it
lets us do it
congratulations to you!
congratulations to you too
heartiest congratulations to you too
brother Zaman, if you don't mind. I mean if you don't have an objection
then I want to do the wedding & wedding reception as soon as possible
I mean, don't worry about the preparations
actually I am not in the favor of long engagements
oh sir, you have uttered our words
we don't need anything else, we just want our daughter Freeha to become the liveliness of our house
what else can be more big than this?
and we really don't like to get into all such lengthy matters
its such a good thing
Sameer is going back to America after two weeks
so I want the wedding to happen before that
yes, absolutely!
hello Freeha!
its Bilal speaking
how is Freeha?
She is not fine at all, today she got engaged but.. 
but?
She has tired herself by crying continuously. Brother, she isn't happy with this proposal at all
I didn't tell her that you have called
brother, there is so much tensed situation in the house
I don't know whether I am doing right or not, but I can't see her in this condition
can I talk to her?
no, you cannot. If somebody saw her on the phone at this hour then all hell will break loose
let me see, if I get a chance tomorrow then I will make you speak to her
Ok
sorry, I don't know whether this call had made any affect on you or not but
I am feeling very guilty
thank you, Bilal
brother Saqib, that guy has gone to sister Freeha's room
I won't spare him!
have you gone mad? There has been a spectacle outside, Farhad. We cannot leave now
I will handle all that
my brother will kill you!
Asif... Rehan
Farhad, you have come
how I couldn't have come?
your face is telling me that how you are
Farhad, do you know I can't tolerate it
I thought I will compromise for my father & family. But I am unable to do it
whenever I think that I have to spend my life with some else than you
I started feeling suffocated
I cannot live without you, Freeha
Farhad, I am unable to do it. Its better to die than this
just say it once
just say it once, "take me from here".
I swear upon God, nobody can stop me at all!
we'll live somewhere, we'll manage somehow
I will keep you happy, Freeha
right now I don't have much to give you but..
I will keep you happy
I will take very good care of you, also I will fulfill your every desire
just say it once, "take me away from here Farhad"
take me away from here, Farhad
take me with you
keep it with you
let me do some arrangements, until then wait for my call
Freeha, I will come back
I love you!
I love you, Farhad
thief, thief...
brother Saqib, there is a thief in the house
go from here
brother Saqib!
leave
brother Saqib, there is a thief in our house
brother Saqib!
stop, else I will shoot you
wait... stop!
stop!
brother Saqib, there is a thief in our house
lets go!
how come you are here?
pack you necessary stuff right away, we'll leave now
right now?
yes, right now
Tanvir, Ahmed...
what happened?
brother Saqib, that guy has gone to sister Freeha's room
I won't spare him!
have you gone mad? There has been a spectacle outside, Farhad. We cannot leave now
I will handle all that
my brother will kill you!
Asif... Rehan, where are you guys? Are you all dead?
nobody will say anything to you until I am here, just pack your things. We'll leave right away
you had said that you want to go with me
yes, I want to go but...
we won't take any foolish decision while being emotional
somebody has entered the house, go check each & every corner of the house
what happened, why there is so much of noise?
somebody has entered the house, and the guard is saying that he saw someone nearby Freeha'a room
Farhad, look at me. Please listen to me & go from here right away
oh my daughter, come quickly. 
Oh God, have mercy
nobody is here
Freeha
Freeha!
yes
brother...
there is so much of noise outside, can't you hear?
No, I was in a deep sleep
I have checked the entire house, but nobody is there
what happened, is everything alright?
yes yes, everything is fine. It seems that someone has entered the house
what?
everything is fine now, just go to sleep
you've made the noise for no reason, come on
we've kept a close eye on each & every corner of this house
are you crazy! How can you put your life in danger?
You had said to me, if she'll say it with her own mouth then you'll support me
she has said it now
I had said that..
how would I know that she'll say "yes" in real?
and are you crazy? A Romeo, you entered her house
listen to me, the end of Romeo & Juliet isn't good
why are you after your life?
it was the Shakespeare's Romeo Juliet & this one is of Burns Road
that's why I am saying that its more dangerous
if your Shakespeare's had been from Karachi then he wouldn't be using any ancient English
here they say, "hey firecracker where are you going?"
even their villain is so sophisticated
here they press the lock of the gun & buries a man
will I sit idly? I know how to answer back
and I have never called her a "firecracker" got it!
brother look, try to understand
don't do this, everything will be ruined
so whatever is happening now, is it right?
Her parents are marrying her forcefully
and we shall sacrifice our love for our parents
my parents got married as per their family's consent, right?
now look at their condition
my mother hardly speaks in front of my father until today
she has become a patient of depression
but she won't agree
and dad
until today, I haven't seen her talking to mom with love
I heard that he used to love someone else, but then he got married to my mom. So now he is just fulfilling it
Oh brother, I don't need such a life
all the time they say, "this used to happen in our era, that used to happen in our era." May their era go to hell!
now its our era, so let us live & breathe
what more can happen? The marriage won't work out, then?
oho, the marriage didn't work out. Its an ailment for life time
and if it works out, then they'll say that you will rot in hell because you haven't honored your family
if there is a pit here, then there is a well over there
oh brother, if I have to drown by any means then at least let me jump as per my choice
Jojo, I wish I had some other way as well
but I don't have it
I cannot see her in this condition
if she had to accept her fate then I swear upon God, I would have gone from her life for forever
she won't be able to tolerate all this
now since she has said to me once
"to take me away from here"
So, I will do my level best for her
see...
if you don't want to get into all this, then don't
Its ok
but don't stop me
Fine!
let me do the preparations then
did it ever happen, that I have left you alone?
brother, since you are ready so I am ready as well
Thank you!
I think, Freeha has accepted this relation
otherwise, I was so afraid that what if she does something inappropriate on the eleventh hour
are we doing the right thing?
what do you mean?
I can see her pain from her eyes
its he childish nature
you'll see, once she will get married then she will realize it herself
that her parents had made an absolute right decision for her
what if like me...
she stayed stubborn after her marriage then?
then her in-laws will fix her mind
nobody will be as bad as me, if her in-laws tried to talk to her harshly
I know... Freeha is your weakness
you love her a lot
but... you have to make your heart strong
now don't say such things in front of her
otherwise, she will come back to our house after a few days
upon the fact that they didn't prepared the omelet of her choice
its obvious that a person's mood will be off if the food isn't as per one's choice
I will miss Freeha a lot
but, we are parents & we have to keep our heart strong
Just pray that God bless her with good fate
Ameen
God, please bless my daughter with good fate
Ameen
you should have put some sugar in the tea
your sugar is already high, so you won't get the sugar. Drink it as it is
now become habitual of it
if Freeha had been here, then she would have put some sugar in it
sister, are you free? I wanted to talk to you
yes, what happened? Come sit
what's the matter?
are you fine?
yes?
actually sister...
sister, I had lied to you
do you remember, you had told me to inform you if Farhad sends any message
hmm...
sister, Farhad had called. But I sent him a message "not to call again"
sister, I swear upon God I was afraid
sister, I've been observing since engagement day that you aren't happy. Right?
this house was lively because of you, and you've lost your smile. This is not right, sister
Its ok
don't worry too much, don't think about these things
I had told Farhad that I will make him speak to you as soon as I will get a chance
sister, please talk to him
as I said, leave all these things
ok listen
a lot is going to happen in a next few days
will you promise me one thing?
yes sister God promise
no matter what happens
you will never consider your sister wrong, please
it cannot happen, sister
you are the best of all
see, you look good like this
and you were sad for no reason
sister, shall I tell you something? But please don't tell anyone
I will go & tell them right away!
I was just joking, come on tell me
sister..
yes
actually there is a girl in my class
and I like her
but there is one problem sister, she isn't Memon. They won't get me married to her
it means Zara's wedding was just an excuse for your gym, right?
and you are doing all this hard work for that girl!
sister, tell me something.
before liking someone his/her bank balance, property, wealth, gold, background card. Why all this is so complicated?
we don't see so much of calculations in love, Ok?
but... this is not the right time for you to think about all these things
you've got plenty of life to think about such things. Right now just focus on your studies but...
I promise you
if you ever needed your sister's help
then I will always stand by your every decision, ok?
promise?
yes! deal done
hmm... I see
stop it sister
there is no need to be so shy, you are already so cute
hello!
hello Freeha?
listen, all the preparations are completed
you don't need to worry about anything
aren't we doing anything wrong?
are you being double minded?
No, I am just scared that will our families forgive us?
until when they'll be angry?
after all, one day or the other they'll understand that why we took this step'
Farhad, can we stay happy or keep others happy?
if I will think about myself then its selfishness, & if I will agree with them then its the sacrifice of my love & happiness
see..
I don't want to force you for anything
even if you change your decision today then
I do understand...
I know its a hard decision
if you want some more time, you can take it
won't you leave me?
I won't leave you until my last breathe
I don't have any doubt on my decision
I want to make our own small world with you
you are my wife, my friend...
and my everything
if you will be with me
then I won't be needing anyone else
and, we'll convince our families on the right time
promise
Ok, I am hanging up the call
I will stay in touch
Bye!