because you have never faced such a beautiful exam in your life ever
even a great player starts sweating
 are you challenging me?
challenge is such a small word 
you can consider it as your death's well
be thankful that you are my brother-in-law 
otherwise, I would have told you!
Kiran
 what happened?
what is this, Farhad? 
Shahzain, its hurting
this pain is nothing, Kiran
in front of the pain that your brother gave me
 what are you saying, what happened?
I'm sorry!
you?
Its ok
Listen... I wanted to say sorry to you
that day I had over-reacted a bit too much
and what I could have done, it wasn't my fault. You know an alone girl like this..
and if someone shall stop an alone girl so.. 
besides, that day you seem to me some loafer type
it felt as if you were trying to be frank
oh hello! I am talking to you
I thought you are saying sorry to me
yes, I just did
So, there are ifs or buts while saying sorry
and the explanation you are giving me
what are you trying to say?
it wasn't your mistake?
yes, I mean.. No. I mean, every woman thinks before she speaks
I live here, and all of my relatives & acquaintances comes here to walk at the same time
what they'll be thinking about, whatever you had said to me
even nobody will come near me
and I accept women are guarded, but you are very weak in character judgment
No... and now you are being way too judgmental
here I am saying sorry, and you are scolding me
as if you are doing some favor on me!
You're right
my character judgment is very weak
Yes!
I am wasting my time for no reason
yes
huh!
the function was really good
all of our relatives were praising a lot
that what a beautiful daughter-in-law you've found
Greetings!
Stay blessed dear, stay happy..
are you fine?
All praise to God, my daughter seems so pretty
All praise to God!
Greetingsa aunty!
Greetings, how are you dear?
I am absolutely fine, how about you?
I am fine
by the way, what's the matter aunty. You couldn't even wait for 24 hours & came to meet your daughter
as it is, she is so nice
that one cannot live without her for a while, right?
We have brought the breakfast, as per the tradition
her father has prepared it himself in his own kitchen
oh aunty! That's why I was thinking that from where I can smell such a scrumptious food
Come on, lets have breakfast then
No no, we've brought this for you as we are leaving
there is no need for any formality now, I am getting it served here
oh aunty, you've brought such a good breakfast. I wont' let you go without having it
how can we eat anything at our daughter's house?
here you go mom, they've made their daughter a stranger in just a single day
but your son is here, your own son. And I won't let you go without having breakfast
since you are insisting a lot, so lets stay
Ok then, lets get it served here
by the way, I had thousands of doubts in my heart while wedding off my daughter
but now my heart is satisfied that she came to such a loving family
oh aunty, don't you worry at all. Nothing will happen to her
By the way, I am thinking not to call you aunty from today on wards. I will call you "mom" as well
stay blessed
hello!
hi!
tell me something
why did you call me here for the meeting?
since we had planned a meeting, and obviously we'll eat something whenever we'll meet
and in the entire city, we get the best food at Burns Road
No, its not like that
I don't like fancy restaurants
they serve average food & that too very expensive, useless!
also I have an important work with you
what?
I have heard that the way to a person's heart is through his stomach
hey! they say it for men
actually, their wives make them fat by making delicious meals
and then they are good for nothing
as if women doesn't have a stomach? 
They don't feel hungry, or they don't have a heart right?
point!
hmm... I am such a big foodie. I love to eat delicious food
and my mood spoils if I don't get good food
this is such a big problem
by the way, good food is my weakness too
obviously! you've such a big catering business. If you won't be particular then who else will?
actually...
the bun kebab guy is here
please, come quickly. Its really delicious. Lets eat
come
here they are
eat
they are good, right?
are they tasty?
I had told you they are so tasty
ok tell me how was your sister's event? 
it must be great, right?
even Zara was so happy
thank you!
No, there is no need to thanks. Its my work
I know. But you are very good at it
your business must be flourishing nowadays, right?
Due to big events
is this your family business?
yes
do you always wanted to join your family business?
No
then what else do you wanted to do?
I don't know. There are so many ideas but...
that's the problem of this generation. They cannot stay at one place
ok granny! but from which generation you are then?
hey look...
I think, a family business is a blessing
its a legacy which your family leaves behind for you
like my family...
we are jewelers since ages, the entire family
okay?
I think, our new generation shall expand it
and shall flourish it
and shall change it into a new style like changing times
I'm sure, your father must be having quite a lot of support from you
come, let me make your eat my favorite thing
lets go
come on
do you know something?
what happened?
where does Freeha stays all day long?
this marriage has become such a big trouble!
she has got wings, since this drama has started
sometimes here or there, or at the market. Strange!
huh!
I can see, she is flying very high
and when young girls gets wings, then we should cut them
She will sit at home, once this wedding will be over
absolutely not! You'll see. 
She has become habitual of roaming around
She will wish to go out everyday
where will she go?
She is already done with her studies. And she has a few friends, so she'll visit them. What else?
what if she'll wish to study further?
who will listen to her?
dad is here to fulfill all her desires
nothing as such will happen. 
Now we have to think about her marriage
nothing else!
so talk to dad, be strict with her
at least stop her for going outside the house, until you guys don't make any decision
in our family, the young girls don't roam around outside the house so freely
anyways, why do I care? She is your sister, you know better
As it is, I am not habitual of interfering in others matters
give me your card, I want to go to the parlor
here you go
be careful, ok?
hey, give me one plate
brother, pack one plate of malpura (dessert)
what is this?
you show me first
this is my world's favorite thing which I can eat anywhere at anytime
Rabri? (dessert)
yes!
now tell me, what do you have?
Malpura?
did you get to know what is served with Malpura?
Actually...
yes...
Rabri, you crazy!
try it
okay
yes yes
come on
how's it?
its good right?
wow!
one more bite
buy your own
one more bite, please
no, buy your own
let me take one bite only
listen
yes
look here for one second
yes
where are you?
here! okay...
the hard work which you are doing & for the person you are doing
what if she didn't wear this jewelry, then what's the use of it?
what are you saying?
I'm talking about Freeha
I showed her so many guys in the wedding, but she rejected all
She looks at the picture & rejects
don't you worry. Do you remember brother Zaman? He is quite serious about Freeha for his son
they are such a big family
what if she rejects that guy too after looking at his picture, then?
no no...
its also my desire for her to get married to him, I will talk to her
how are you?
very well! Hey girl, come over. How are you? Fine?
how are you?
how are you my dear? fine?
ok listen to me
yes
do you remember brother Zaman? His son is coming to attend Zara's wedding
So, you must meet him. He is a god boy, brilliant!
he did an MBA from a university in America
show me his picture
we know brother Zaman since so long
I have met him, he is such a brilliant champ
now you have to go & see him, Ok?
but dad...
no arguments, ok?
let me do the work now
we can endure loss if the stitch is not done properly
the color is not good
fix your color, I will manage this
Billu...
Bilal
yes mom?
take it, keep this money
for me?
its for the charity
go, order the rice cauldron
but right now I am going to drop sister Freeha to her friend's house
are you Freeha's personal assistant?
then?
but its her car
we don't have any value in this house! We need to seek their permission first for everything
yes!
you may go, because the car is yours. Go, do your work
its not like that aunty, tell me what is it. Do let me know if you want me to do any work. I will do it
what had to happen?
Zara's wedding is right around the corner & a lot of work is left
but no, I had forgotten that all the cars belong to you guys
first I have to write an application
No, its not like that. Please tell me, what needs to be done?
I wanted to order a rice cauldron
alright then! We'll do it on our way.
Billu, come on
but dear, look... don't bother yourself
because then we have to listen to the scoldings of your brother
No, nobody will say anything to you. I will do your work first. Come on
hey Mister! 5 cauldrons are here, who will mix them?
Mix it!
dad, why don't you tell this work to Shamshad or other guys?
there is a secret of everyone's success, and this is our secret
to mix the rice is a secret?
the matter is not about mixing
until we don't put our share in our work, we get nothing in return
got it?
how many kgs?
5 kgs
like this, now give it a jerk. Come on
This way!
got it?
Yes!
Billu, park the car on the side. Meanwhile let me go & order
stand up, let me tell you.
come
come, let me guide you how to do it
come on
come on, hurry up. Bring it out
Greetings brother!
Greetings!
I want to order two rice cauldrons
do you want in chicken or beef?
one in chicken & one in beef
Ok
how many kgs?
5 kgs
like this, now give it a jerk. Come on
this way!
got it?
yes!
your total is five thousand rupees
Okay, we'll pay the amount at the time of pick up
Okay
hey!
hey, where are you going?
Farhad!
Billu, lets go!
Freeha, listen to me
Freeha!
Billu, lets go!
Freeha, just two minutes. We can sit & talk
Billu, lets go!
we can sit & talk
Freeha...
Freeha!
can't you understand, lets go!
what is this happening?
what is this drama going on, will you tell me something?
yes?
what's wrong with you?
Nothing
will you hide it from me?
Billu told me everything
I had told you that he is a bad news, he is such a big liar!
don't know what more planning he must have done
Freeha...
what was the need for him to do all this drama, Zara?
be thankful that his reality got exposed on the right time
you always used to refuse
but I had understood the matter from day one
Freeha, I know you are different from all
you are habitual of going against others decisions
you enjoy a lot in testing yours & others limits, right?
but we aren't kids anymore, so its better for us to agree with our elders decisions on the right time
else we can endure quite a big loss
you can consider it as a nature's hint that He has stopped you on the right time
tell me honestly
are you happy with your elders decision?
these elders always took your life's decisions
that when you'll study, & how much. When you'll get married & to whom
are you happy with all this?
don't you feel suffocated by handing over your existence to others?
maybe their decisions proved to be wrong, then?
I have never thought that much
I always found the decisions of my elders right
or maybe, I am not confident enough
I find it easy to agree with others decisions
but you! 
my dear you aren't confident but best example of over confidence
Okay! Are you praising or embarrassing me?
you may think whatever you want to
but please, try to trust others sometimes
you have a family
they will think good for you
Farhad, water?
leave it, he doesn't need to drink water instead he likes drinking blood
your dearest son has fallen in love
ask him yourself
even I was thinking that how come he likes coming to the kitchen all of a sudden
he is doing something else while sitting there
dad, I've been telling you since so long that there isn't any such thing
she is just a friend
yes dear, she is a friend. 
I didn't get gray hair by staying in the sun
we have seen quite a lot of dramas in our age
uncle, you too?
hey! 
oh brother, what's the harm if the boy has chosen the girl himself?
it happens nowadays, and its fine
yes, what else? Didn't you see our Nasir?
He got such a beautiful wife
also he is very happy with her
yes, all praise to God. Also she made him American too
put a blindfold on your eyes & push away the manners. End of discussion!
you should remove the blindfold from your eyes
as if you will protect all the manners or so
we have already spent our lives, now its our children time
have you forgotten? Even I used to stand & wait in her alley
so that I can see her, but she never used to come outside
everyone has gone crazy here
have some shame, what are you saying?
brother, you've been working since you were 15 years. You used to earn very well
not like him, who had spent our millions & then he wants a wife too
he doesn't have any work or so
one needs to be wise to fall in love as well
one minute! Did I come to the kitchen as per my own will?
you made me come, so I came
as if you would have done some brilliant job after that!
make your son understand
ask him to fix his attitude & become serious about work
I cannot feed another person
don't feed anyone. I can handle myself
Okay? 
I need nothing from you guys
Wow son wow! You've become all grown up by eating the food of my kitchen & now you are saying big things
thank you so much for feeding us the food & to educate us
and to allow us to stay in this house. I am indebted to you
do one thing, make a list & write all the amount. I will repay your each & every single penny
Farhad...
what else I shall say then?
I can never match upto his standards
no matter what I do, he never gets happy
there is no need to feed anyone, I will feed them myself
in fact, let me do one thing. Let me leave this house
you will be satisfied then
Farhad!
you... 
you shall also stop it & drink water
Quiet!
favor your son more... 
you did his upbringing, can you see it now?
one is stronger than another
Bilquis, pass me the pan
I'm bringing it
you should have told sister-in-law about the kitchen
I was telling you before as well
I mean... 
Shall I jump off?
Shall I cut my nerve or shoot myself?
what are you saying?
What are you saying, man!
how I could have told her?
I should have introduced to these people?
you have already seen her family
look at them & look at us
that's what I am saying, there is a lot of difference between you & them
you won, I am a looser
I got a degree to sit in the kitchen
and when I got my love... 
they say it right, one shouldn't see the dreams more than their stature
what rubbish you are uttering?
its you, who turned my dreams into reality
and when it comes to you, you gave up. Wow!
brother look, you got this kitchen in heritage
its not your destination
once you'll understand your destination, then you'll find the way automatically
my brother look, don't worry. Everything will be fine with time
do you think, Freeha will forgive me?
we'll get to know after talking to her
come on
hello!
hello!
hello, Freeha
Freeha, thank you so much for attending my call
listen, I made a very big mistake
its all my mistake
I can explain everything, just... 
I don't understand how to explain you everything on call
can we meet?
just meet me once, if you understand my point
after then its your decision not to see my face ever again, everything will be done according to you. Please just once
Okay
what?
really?
Freeha, thank you so much!
I will message you the place & time
hello?
thank you for coming
shall we sit?
No, say whatever you want to
I am Farhad
Farhad Yaqoob Karim Baksh
our kitchen's name is Karim Baksh & Sons
my grand father's father had started it
our kitchen is quite famous in Karachi
Freeha, I don't own any catering business
I belong to an ordinary family
in fact, I am the first BBA graduate of my family
I got this degree after so much of fight
this kitchen & all wasn't my dream
I got all this in heritage
or maybe it was my fate
but I... 
I want to do a lot more in my life, Freeha
I want to get a lot more, and I will
this kitchen is the reality of my life
its like those chain from which I want to get rid of, but I cannot
everyday I think to leave this kitchen somewhere way too far 
but there is still time in all that
no matter how much run, but you cannot run away from your reality
I don't understand, why didn't you tell me all this truly?
I was trying to tell you
but whenever I tried telling you, I couldn't get the words
you, your family... your house
everything about you
whenever I used to think about all this, I used to think that I am nothing in front of you
and what if our every meeting is the last one
and this was the fear due to which I couldn't say anything ever
See, I know I did a very big mistake. I'm sorry
do you remember, what I had said?
one needs courage to fall in love with me
you don't have the courage to tell the truth, so how will you gather the courage to be with me?
this is the only lie I have told you, I swear!
I haven't told any lie except for this
but whatever I feel for you is true
I really love you!
a person who cannot love himself, then how can he love me?
try to understand my point
I'm telling you this is the reality of my life
I grew up in the same world where we see people's clothes first before looking at the person!
they look at your degree first before looking at your language or manners
no matter how great Urdu you speak, but until you don't speak fluent English
these big places doesn't open the doors for you
Freeha, whether its written Karim Baksh Kitchen or Motivala jewelers
but it does make a difference!
I got anxious for a while
I wasn't going to lie to you for lifetime
I am a bit sad on the matter that you haven't told me the truth
instead, I feel more sad on the fact that you thought that this difference will make any difference to me!
you had become so special to me that I couldn't understand...
that why I have become so close to you in such a less meetings
but now... I am feeling angry on my foolishness
don't say this, Freeha please
see, just give me one chance
just give me one chance, I am still the same Farhad...
No, you are not that Farhad. And whoever this Farhad is, I don't want to know him
this is my decision
its over!
Shahzain
Shahzain... please stop it
Shahzain, until when you'll stay upset?
Shahzain, you leave for the office in the morning & comes back at night
and after coming back home, again you leave me alone
nobody talks to me for an entire day, I can't bear it anymore
please fix your mood
Shahzain, until when you'll stay upset on that video related matter?
 but that video was taken off from the internet on the same day
I hope you must have learnt your lesson
what do you think?
Did I felt good by doing all this with you?
yes?
do you know how embarrassing it was for me when my own cousins were showing me the video
they say, my in-laws are showing me my right place
Shahzain, please forget that matter. We got married with so much of difficulty
so?
is it my fault? 
No
your family always create problems, specially your brother
so, both of us together will solve all the problems
please don't be angry with me
Kiran look, if today on wards Farhad will misbehave with me or my family
then its consequences will not be good
No, he won't do
be thankful that my heart is big that I haven't sent you home that day
anyways.. leave this topic
lets go somewhere for the dinner
ok?
yes
let me go change
hey romeo of Burns Road! until when you'll keep sitting with a long face?
either do bench press or go home
you have ruined the gym's vibe
who lifts the weights after listening to such sad songs!
you've ruined the boys motivation
look at their condition
i don't understand anything, what to do!
what's your problem?
yes?
I don't know, man
I don't feel like eating anything
neither I feel like drinking anything
nor to laugh
or to cry
I feel like listening to the sad songs
control yourself, my brother
how will I live without Freeha?
the same way, you used to live for the last 25 years
just minus these few weeks
just now I have learnt how to live my life
come on, lets go from here
where?
anywhere, lets go & play carom
I don't feel like, don't insist
oh brother, fix your heart & mood. You are ruining the entire gym's vibe
Look over there, he came to make his body & he turned into a dead body
Please! Come on, lets do something
Jojo, I don't want to go
oh brother! There is so much of depression here, everyone will get themselves killed by coming under the weights
lets go!
Shaggo!
yes sister?
a guy is coming to see Freeha
guy! when?
now
now!
Ask her to get ready & come downstairs, the guests are here