now look at the building's condition, its so dirty
 is it so difficult to keep a janitor here or to keep the dustbins?
and have you noticed this mice issues?
 its just like putting a band aid, but the disease is as it is
its all her doing, her mistake 
No, its not her mistake
its my own decision, mom 
and what do you think? If I will go back with you today then dad will forgive me?
or will he give me a hug?
 I don't remember how does it feel to hug your father
its your hand in bringing our family on this verge, dad
 you don't care about respect at all
but I do care about my honor & reputation
 I have to save myself for the sake of my family's future
oh dear, if you would have done this work on the very first day then maybe you didn't had to go through so much
I've been telling you since so long that she is taking undue advantage of your nature
so Missy? are you back to your senses now?
we were getting so many good proposals for you
I wish you had agreed at that time
what's the point of this discussion now?
after all, I have to fulfill this relation now
and I think, now you should understand the rules & regulations of this house
I don't like doing all this
ok mom, I am leaving. Bye!
at least drink your tea
I will drink in the office, bye!
bye!
and please..
don't hurt me again like this
brother, put 2 kgs of tomatoes & 1 kg of potatoes in it
hey Fariha, are you doing something for the religious event that we are celebrating day after tomorrow?
No, nobody told me
but we were thinking that this time you'll look after all the arrangements
why shall I?
you think so much about us & our family. And whoever becomes a part of this program gets a lot of appreciation here
won't aunt Channo mind?
Channo aunty had been doing it since always, and this year also same?
this time something should be new as per new generation
Great! I enjoy a lot while doing all this. I do great event management though
oh! all of you are here & I am..
oh aunt Channo...
let it be..
brother Manzoor will do all the arrangements, ok?
tent, chairs & tables... the way he does every year
but this year we won't use firecrackers
even this year as well?
absolutely not!
these are the only celebrations to enjoy, our kids have bought the firecrackers since so long
then explain your kids
its the night to pray
but kids enjoy such things
Enough! As I said, nobody will play with firecrackers
lets do one thing, lets make a separate place for the kids on the side so that they can play with the firecrackers
this way they will also enjoy, and the elders will enjoy too. What do you say?
yes! this idea is good
what's good in it?
how can one control the kids?
We'll ask PK to take care of the kids & I think our building children are wise enough
you've been doing the event since so many years, now give a chance to someone else as well
to whom?
to her?
yes! we shall try something new this time
Wow! I do everything every year
Eid, Ramzan, religious events... everything!
I do all the arrangements, right?
was there amiss?
oh aunt Channo, who is removing you from the event? 
You have to handle all the arrangements
and you have to do the food arrangement, this time as well
she will only take care of the decor & entertainment related things
as it is, such events are enjoyable if we do the things together
what do you say, aunt Channo?
get lost!
Mr. Agha!
won't you say something or will you keep hiding behind the book?
I am here, Maam
Channo, you've said it yourself to sit quietly & don't ask anything
by the way, I know everything
your problem is that new wretched girl
yes
see, its been only a few days that she came to live here
and look at these women
they took away my charge & gave it to that girl
they are so ungrateful women
they say, young blood is better. We have become old, are we of no use?
did they said such things about my Channo?
 Let me go & fix them right away
just wait & watch, is this something to be said to my Channo!
let me go & fix them right away
we've become old!
by the way Channo, I was thinking that we are getting the food prepared
yes
So, we should focus on the food right?
then rest of the things?
let them do the rest of the things, everything will become crystal clear
this new girl cannot stand against my Channo at all
what is her worth!
the personality you have, and your glamour. Everything is flat in front of it
really Mr. Agha?
yes
but..
I swear upon your life Channo, I'm telling the truth. Nobody can compete you
We should focus on our work
I will get such an amazing food prepared that all these women will keep licking their fingers
they will become your fan for an entire life. Don't worry
but Mr. Agha, only food..
don't worry about the food
a few days are still there, so we'll do best arrangements. Everyone is going to appreciate you
ok?
Just do one thing. Only focus on your glamour & see what you have to wear on that day
how come you have come here?
my mom was coming to my house
can't you tell this to me earlier?
really! Had you allowed to let her come if I would have told you?
not to listen to such things
how would I know that aunt will say such things after going there?
and you are so selfish
I?
I am selfish?
No, I am. Do you even care a bit that how your mother is living in that house?
without you & without Kiran
I had asked her to come & live with me
she shall live with you, after leaving her husband & house
are you a kid? Is this some joke?
what shall I tell you
what is the situation in that house
its a mourning environment there
even earlier nobody used to be happy there
I agree that our family wasn't a perfect one like a filmy poster
but there were happiness
you are my brother
and you have one problem.
You always focus on pain, you don't see anything else
I remember...
when I came running to you to impress my girlfriend
that bro, please write me a nice message
you, I & Kiran...
watching movies for an entire night
to talk..
to prepare coffee
the way mom used to feed pan to dad
and the way dad used to watch TV for 24 hours
to take out the notes of hundred rupees from his wallet
uncle's scolding & the way Kiran used to save us
I miss all this
Kiran's one smile used to give life to everyone
and now she has forgotten to smile as well
What happened to Kiran?
is there any problem in her life?
has she ever told us till date that what problem she is facing?
she hides it
there is no more spark on her face, and its clearly visible
and you!
you never used to pass a single day without her
what do you used to say?
my dear sister, I will do anything for her.
 Now see, you hardly talk to her
I had called her thousands of times, but her husband doesn't like me
She has broken her relation with me
relations don't break so easily
she is your sister
nobody needs this brother, nobody needs this son
I've always been the reason of a problem for everyone
when I had tried to become a good brother for Kiran, then her husband got upset
when I had tried to become a good son for mom, then my father got upset
when I went to sit at the kitchen for dad, then his respect was lessened
what else do you want from me? Shall I commit suicide?
what are you talking!
what do you think?
I don't miss them?
I don't feel hurt?
whenever I have tried to become the reason of their happiness
I have always disappointed them
but you have never disappointed me
in fact, you've always been so good for me
you are my brother
come, lets go to drink tea
don't you want to go home? Isn't Fareeha waiting?
I will go a bit late
I will message Fareeha, already my head is so full I need to lessen its burden
lets go, come on
hello! one minute...
yes
you know, how I am coming here after escaping from mom's questions with a lot of difficulty
do you need to talk to me secretly?
well, leave that & tell me how are you doing?
I am fine, did you talk to aunt Shaggo?
yes, she also misses you a lot
she wants you to attend her wedding but..
but?
but the entire situation was changed, when she went to talk about it
brother Saqib & sister Ramsha says that they won't attend this wedding
why?
their respect, as you know
as if its not a respect but a Bateesa (sweetmeat)
it gets shattered as soon as you put it in your mouth
you're giving an example of food in this as well, this is great!
anyways...
now tell me what's the situation, what do you think?
would I be able to come or not?
I don't know sister, but we are still trying
at least, you & Zara shall come over someday to meet me
I have become so lonely here
do you remember, I used to run upstairs on the terrace to find a peaceful time for a few moments
and here, the entire day gets passed without talking to anyone
I have become so lonely here, Billu
yes sister, even I miss you so much
they are doing a religious festival here, both of you shall over by making some excuse at home
let me speak to sister Zara, but send me the details
Ok, bye!
Farhad, you came so late. I had been waiting for you since so long
sorry, I woke you up
why are you lying here? And why were you waiting?
I had told you that I will be late
I wasn't expecting that you'll come this much late
where have you been?
I had gone to drink tea with Jojo & Moosa
I thought you are going out with your office colleagues
why will I go with them?
why didn't you tell me that with whom you are going out?
what difference does it make that with whom I am going?
I had told you that I will be late
Farhad, I am all alone here for an entire day
at least, come home on time at night please
I've gone for a single day only, I don't go on daily basis though
what's the issue?
did you ever ask me that what I am doing here, how am I feeling?
have I ever stopped you for doing something?
you also go & meet your friends
my cousins were my friends, Farhad
I cannot meet them
oh yes
then make new friends
and you were saying about doing a job, this way you will also get busy
so that you can roam around freely with your friends
Fareeha, why are you having problems with my friends all of a sudden?
I don't have a problem with your friends but with your attitude, Farhad
what have I done now?
nothing!
Fareeha
Fareeha
Fareeha, don't be upset
I am not upset
sure?
go sleep
sure, you are not upset?
yes
Farhad, are you are literally going to sleep?
Fareeha, I have to go to the office tomorrow morning
I am tired
can we talk about it tomorrow morning?
absolutely correct! go to sleep
I only disturb you, what else I do. Right?
what?
go to sleep
don't keep your dirty socks on the dining table, Farhad
you are upset upon the fact that I haven't become your slave?
 Shameless! Whatever I have, will I take it all to my grave?
its all yours! 
I wanted to teach you
I wanted to make you capable enough so that you can handle it 
Farhad
Farhad
Farhad
Farhad
hello!
why didn't you wake me up before leaving?
I thought why to wake you up as you were resting
also you were sleeping outside
I'm sorry
I'm sorry too
I know you get bored
you've become lonely
don't worry, lets make a program together. So that your boredom shall be subsided
come home a bit early today, as its a religious event & you have to do all the arrangements of the program
oh, and its your specialty
in fact, I am thinking to start an event management company together
Our team will be a killer team, just like previous times
only focus on your job right now
Bye, come early ok?
Okay fine, I'll talk to you later
love you... bye!
Greetings!
where the decoration guys haven't come as of yet?
I don't know, I tried calling them but they didn't receive. Let me call again
but aunt Channo used to do all the arrangements by this time
and there isn't any setup done as of yet, nothing is here. 
Hello!
Greetings! This is Fareeha Motiwala speaking. Why your guys haven't reached as of yet? Its very late for the setup
what do you mean that its canceled?
 I had finalized everything with you last night on call
where he has gone? Where have you sent him?
who canceled it?
Okay
is everything ok?
yes, I think hey will be here within some time. I am calling them
since there is a traffic on the way, so I think they got stuck there
let me go & talk to them
I don't think so that she will be able to handle it
my work is done, I am leaving
Farhad, we are about to start the meeting with the client
yes sir, I have emailed you the slides
leave that. And please go to the next door cafe & bring coffee and pastries for everyone
sir what?
yes, be quick. Go & bring it for almost 10 people
quickly, don't be late please
I had told you not to pick a fight with them
I have been ignoring all of your actions till date by considering you an elderly person
but today, you've crossed all the limits
you hate me so much that you didn't care about the rest of the people living in this building
you didn't even think that tonight is so special for them
you know its a tradition from long time, but today because of your ego you've ruined it
congrats to you, you've won. Now celebrate your victory
and don't worry
I haven't told anyone that you've called brother Manzar & canceled everything
I have taken all the responsibility on myself
be happy
was this girl telling the truth?
Mr. Agha, actually... 
Channo!
Mr. Agha, this girl...
this girl has made my life a living hell since she came here
I had made my place in this building with a lot of difficulty
She wants to snatch it all. Should I sit idly & look?
this cannot happen
we cannot put love & respect in a person's heart forcefully
and whatever you are doing, this way you will ruin your respect as well
where are you going?
I am going to help that girl
tonight is way too bigger than the fights of both of you
the night of forgiveness!
do think about it
Hello!
Farhad, I need your help. Its very important, my entire arrangements is ruined by that bad-tempered aunty
you must be knowing the tent guys or setup guys. Please help me urgently
Fareeha, I am stuck in the office myself. We'll talk later
Farhad, in the morning you were saying that we are a killer team
Fareeha, for now I am about to get killed
I'll talk to you later
come on, be quick. Take a left
yes, uncle be careful. Wait for a while
come on, move ahead. Yes here
come on be quick. Why are you looking at my face, hurry up!
Jojo, thank you so much! You've saved my life today
mention not! Its such an easy thing for me
thank you dear!
Greetings! I am Jojo
Agha
PK
what PK?
PK means PK, don't you know ABCD?
did I ask you what does Jojo means?
relax PK, please relax
sorry man, I was a bit tensed
come on guys, lets quickly start the work as its very late
come on, quickly take out the things
yes please hurry up
Jojo...
hurry up
coming...
yes, come
Wow! the setup is really VIP
yes, no thank to you
sorry, actually the manager was after me in the office
now quickly go & get ready
Okay, I've setup the light its OK now
thank you!
what are you doing here?
He had helped me in doing all this
yes
now we'll start our own event management company as well
what do you say? Partners!
Partners
remember one thing, I am the real party
coming!
Okay, let me check
Fareeha listen
you are looking so pretty
go, you can become the partner with anyone you want to
I gave you my share
now go & quickly get ready
but you are my life partner
yes
quickly go & take out the things, good!
PK, the food is here
come, help them to take out the food
Greetings!*
I was saying, lets keep the food here
what happened?
what?
we need to keep the food here
Ok
Shamshad...
Shamshad!
Farhad
yes, brother Yaqoob?
what happened?
did you call me?
yes
the kids of your neighborhood are so ill-mannered
honestly! They are running after me with the firecrackers
I would have given them a tight slap if they had been from my neighborhood
hey, its dad...
yes, let me complain to their dad
hey, my father
oh brother Yaqoob..
aren't they our Jojo & Farhad?
do you know them?
yes, we know them. Farhad is their son
and Jojo, he is his nephew
oh wow, this is great! 
Farhad, dear come here
introduce me to your father properly, its such a good thing
come on dear
Okay so Farhad is your son, wow!
quickly do your work
Greetings uncle!
Greetings!
Farhad, you had never mentioned that Karim Baksh & sons is of your father. We are getting the food from them since so many years
yes uncle, we had never discussed it
we & our work isn't capable enough to be discussed
he feels disrespected by this work
no no brother, no work is big or small
and God blesses that person who earns his living honestly
only if this fool understands this!
Both of them are sensible. Your son & your daughter-in-law both are quite sensible kids
Farhad, come on help your father. Quickly take out the food & serve it
its the time
brother, glad to see you. 
Let me go & handle your aunt Channo
lets go!
quietly stand here, instead leave. We don't need your help
I still have power in my arms, I will do it myself
come on!
Farhad..
uncle...
I know you are angry with us
but if possible, then give a chance to your son
he doesn't says but he misses you all so much
maybe he is like you, I can see in your eyes that how much you love him
I wish both of you can express your emotions in words, maybe both of you are able to lessen your pain
hurry up, Shamshad!
let me help them
you had asked me not to show you my face, I will try
but let me help right now
let him come brother Yaqoob, the work will be done quickly
as if you can't do the work
come on!
oho! what's the matter now?
sit here quietly
yes?
listen
if anyone asks you then say that you are going on a dinner with me & Saad
how many times you'll tell the same thing?
I can't lie
its not a lie at all, you don't know about the plans I & Sister Fareeha used to make. She is a complete warrior
and you are such a weak soldier
don't talk rubbish! I don't know such clever antics like you guys do
lets go before anyone comes & starts questioning us
listen to me
no matter if anyone says anything, you have to answer confidently. Ok?
Lets go!
where are you guys going at this hour?
yes?
actually we are going on the dinner
yes, we are going on the dinner with brother Saad
really!
Zara..
You are going on the dinner with Saad, right?
aunt, we are going to meet Fareeha
Fareeha?
what is this drama?
basically sister Fareeha was missing us a lot and.. 
we were also missing her too much
yes, actually today is a religious occasion
you know, we always used to play with the firecrackers & stay awake all night long
we thought, this way we'll able to spend sometime with her
we'll come quickly, if anyone asks then tell them that Billu has gone for the dinner with me & Saad
No
Not at all
No
because I am going with you guys
really?
I also want to meet Fareeha
lets go then
come on
Channo, everyone is asking about you outside
I won't go
I am not able to show my face to anyone
Fareeha didn't tell anything to anyone
that's fine but...
maybe I cannot face myself as well
Look, God notices everyone's intentions
I know, your heart is completely clear
you are a bit furious but you have a good heart
come on get up, be quick. People are asking about you outside
there is no liveliness without you, get up!
really?
what else? You know I don't like any gathering without you
you had made such a nice dress. Get up & wear it. Hurry up!
I'm coming
Shall I help?
Your respect will get lessen by doing this work
dad, I used to sit in your kitchen right?
I used to help you right?
as if you did a great favor on me
did I said that?
what's there to say? I can see everything
Mr. Agha was telling me that you've started doing a job somewhere
what salary are you getting?
Thanks God I am getting well paid
wow...
you show tantrums in working with your father
but after wearing pant shirt you can survive in a less salary as well, right?
dad, job requires all this
one succeeds slowly & gradually
there is no need to teach me
the way I have settled my business, I know it very well
I keep people like you on the job
you are upset upon the fact that I haven't become your slave?
Shameless! Whatever I have, will I take it all to my grave?
its all yours!
I wanted to teach you
I wanted to make you capable enough so that you can handle it
but no
you think as if its your father's slavery
remember one thing
you feel like a king even after doing the slavery of your loved ones
you will keep rubbing your feet for one month's salary
and this job will change your vegetables
today you can have ridge gourd, tomorrow you can have okra, and day after tomorrow you can have potatoes
but your status won't be changed
whatever you are rejecting today, you will regret about it in the future for sure
and maybe until then its too late
you are right
maybe I will regret to reject your kitchen
but will you ever regret upon rejecting your son?