We'll make this our home Farhad, together.
I'm sorry...
I've put a lot of burden on you, right?
You should keep an eye on what's going on in your house.
I'm saying this for your well being, otherwise you know I stay out of people's business.
Do as mother says, give her the jewelry.
Don't you hear me? Give her the jewelry!
come in
Shaggo
yes, brother Yousuf!
yes, can I come in?
yes please
I want to talk to you
yes, please sit
I hope you are not busy
brother Yousuf, I was checking the calculation of stocks
oh okay
Okay... how do you find Hamid?
how do I find him, means?
Hamid is a good person
he is a friend
actually he has discussed something with me
what?
he wants to marry you
what?
Hamid wants to marry me?
did he said this to you?
yes, he said this to me. Didn't he talk to you about it?
No brother Yousuf, I swear he didn't discuss any such thing with me
I don't have any such desire in my heart. Brother Yousuf, I have never ever thought about any such thing
hey, if you haven't thought about it then think about it now
now see...
I have completely lost hope that you'll get remarried
and we are fortunate enough to get a proposal from a person like Hamid
No, I accept that its not common in our family to get married in this age
but if hadn't been Hamid then I wouldn't have talked to you
You are so lucky that you got his proposal
brother Yousuf, the you've lost hope
the same way, I don't have any hope or desire for the marriage
I...
I cannot marry
please refuse him, I won't marry
No no...
but at least listen to me, Shaggo!
oh God, what shall I do?
its such a good proposal, if it had been someone else then I would have never insisted
I can't believe
that Yousuf have already talked to Shaggo
I had told him not to
does he ever listen to anyone?
even Fariha's matter got escalated because of him
and now this new drama will be started
it will look so bad
that she'll become a bride in this age
already the people are pointing fingers on us, Its difficult for me to face our community people
how much more we'll be ridiculed?
mom, I must say. You are way too good & naive
otherwise, who tolerates such a sister-in-law in their house
we took very good care of her
and this is how she is repaying us
she didn't care a bit about us
by the way, I am not habitual of bad mouthing about anyone
but now all the limits are crossed
I am not capable to show my face to my family as well
I can't tell you what gossips they do
after all, the respect of this family is my respect
we have to start our family in the future, I cannot let my children grow here
the place where elders are so liberal, so how the children will be?
Saqib, the time has come now
we should get separated
what are you saying, Ramsha?
what else I shall say, mom?
Is anyone here who listens to us?
you've said it now, but I shall not hear it next time
what's wrong in it?
when you don't give me importance in the house or business as an eldest son
then its better to get separated
being an elder son, we don't leave our family in crisis
I am understanding all!
who is explaining what to whom
I have already lost one child, now I cannot loose another one
mom!
what was the need to discuss this matter right now?
yes yes, only I am the bad one in this house. Rest all are angels
Sir, I hope maam danger is not coming
listen, sorry for yesterday
its fine for me, but maam Danger didn't do good by picking up a fight with aunt Channo
aunt Channo?
yes, the same aunt whom you had met last night. Consider her as the head of this society, so be friends with her
this mice related issues are way too small
oh brother, try to take care of us
yes, why not? 
take care of me & I will take care of you
here you go, brother
sir, shall I give you a free suggestion?
is it free of cost or of 200 rupees?
now if maam Danger or aunt Channo gets into a fight then do take care of yourself
even brother Agha vanishes like a genie
you also take care
what is your name?
PK
PK means?
PK means PK
I mean, what is with P & what is with K. Or you've just kept your name PK
Sir, when I was born. My mother wanted to keep my name with 'P' and my father wanted to keep with 'K'
both couldn't decide, and then I was named as 'PK'
okay PK, this maam danger... 
take care of Maam Fareeha
she says a lot in anger, but she is good at heart
since she is in a bit tension, so take care a bit
don't you worry sir, PK is here so I will handle everything
*get your oven repaired, get your dish handles repaired*
*get your juicer machine, grinders repaired. Get your juices jugs fixed*
*get your water cooler repaired, get their taps fixed*
*get your pressure cooker repaired. Get its handle & rubber changed*
*Get your stoves fixed*
*get the handles of your saucepan & fry pans fixed*
*get your cooking range fixed, and oven stoves fixed*
*get your juicer machine, grinders repaired*
*Get your juices jugs fixed*
*get your water cooler repaired, get their taps fixed*
*get your pressure cooker repaired*
Farhad
Farhad!
today was his interview
don't know whether he ate something or not
your CV is impressive
thank you, sir!
but your work experience is quite less
yes sir, but I want to get experience
sir, I want to grow ahead by learning
I think, I will be a good fit in your company
hmm... So, what salary you are expecting?
Sir, around 1 lac
for the starting position?
see... 
we can offer around 35000 as a starting packing 
Sir, will there be any perks or so?
you just said that you want to learn & grow
So... you are keeping so many demands right away. Who will fulfill them?
as it is, as per your work experience its appropriate
ok sir
madam
what is it?
madam, I've brought mice killing tablets for your flat
thank you!
sorry danger maam, sorry maam for last night's behavior
even I am sorry, actually I was a bit tensed that's why I have scolded you much yesterday
and madam, if you ever need anything just order me
thank you!
keep it with you, I will take it upon returning
Ok madam, if you want to stay here peacefully then let her be. Its not good for your health to argue with her
even I don't have time to argue with useless people
keep it
hey!
what were you telling her?
I didn't talk to her, I just said "Mind your own business"
I am making chapli kebabs
if I get to know that your loyalty is diverted towards her
then I will only give you a beating
got it?
very good! Do remember
it seems, our Channo got a new prey
Mr. Agha, may God bless us with a sleep like you have
honestly, there is peace in being unaware
when a person spends so much of their life time's span in bombarding, then whether its a firing or bomb blast
a person has to adjust accordingly
you were so small, and now you've grown up. At least, you should start understanding your aunt Channo
and when you do understand her, then do let me know as well
hello!
hello!
Hamid, why did you said such things to brother Yousuf?
I have family terms with brother Yousuf
and I respect you & brother Yousuf a lot
I thought... 
I should discuss this thing with brother Yousuf first
but still, why?
do you know, you got me so ashamed in front of my brother
Shaggo
I am a straight forward guy
I speak clear things
and the clear thing is that Shaggo, I like you
your friendship is so precious to me
do you know what is the most favorite thing of my day?
when I come to this park & walk, and talk to you
I talked to brother Yousuf so that I can know your perception
now you've the complete right to accept or refuse this proposal
how can this marriage happen? Its not possible!
why it cannot happen?
will it look good Hamid that I will get ready & become a bride?
you will come as a groom. What will my sister-in-laws say?
what will people think
who decides what do we do & what we don't do in our lives?
shall I tell you something, Shaggo?
getting married in 20 to 22 years of age, and then children in 23 to 24 years of age
and we spend our entire life in children & family
and when children starts their life when we turn 45 to 50 years of age. Then what about our life, it ends?
when a person is lonely
then the life looks so long
when I go back to my house in the evening
I feel way too lonely
if you are happy in living your life alone, then its your choice
but I think, if we have a good & understanding partner then life becomes way too beautiful
and for me you are that partner
whatever is your decision, you may tell that to brother Yousuf
I will agree
and I will always value your friendship, Shaggo
as far as 'what will people say' is concerned, then I don't care about it
I just care about you
and I will wait for your answer. 
Ok?
but Hamid... 
he salary is quite low
so its your first job, shall they keep you as a CEO?
also you don't want to add your catering experience
I shall go tell PR & Communication company my experience of catering!
they will degrade me
its a business
I will give you a tight slap if you talk about the kitchen
whatever it is is of Mr. Yaqoob Karim Baksh, there is no son or so in it
aunty miss you a lot
but she didn't called me even once
did you call her? You know, she is in a lot of pressure
Stop it! She had spent her entire life with my dad by staying in this pressure
brother, if they don't care or worry about me then let it be
I will manage everything myself
okay I am leaving now as Fareeha is alone at home
hey wait, at least meet brother Aslam
he had helped many boys of our neighbors in getting good jobs
whatever you are doing right now do that, but at least speak to him
maybe he gets you something good
he is coming in a while, talk to him then go
I have been checking accounts since so long
there is almost a difference of 50 thousand rupees
you shall ask brother Shahzain
even the power had to go at this hour
six three..
be quick
now you are trapped
you haven't done the good thing
when will brother Aslam come?
he must be on his way
even Fareeha is not receiving the phone
then message her & tell her that you are coming in an hour
what happen, are you worried about Fareeha?
oh brother, she can take care of herself
sit here for a while, then you may leave
means, now his wife will decide his timings for going out
oh brother, I will never handover my freedom to anyone in my entire life
brother was so excited, he couldn't wait for a second
now he'll get to know
its not like that. Fareeha is a very independent woman, she isn't like other girls
as it is we give so much of space to each other in our relation
means, you are trying to say that everyday you'll do an outing with us over here
and Fareeha won't say anything to you, right?
No, not everyday. But whenever I feel like I will do an outing with my friends
and she can also do an outing with her friends, its not a big deal
dear, let your honeymoon period get over. Then I will ask you
Look at him, how he is being jealous
his girl doesn't give importance to him, yet he comes to us
this is his problem since beginning, he interferes in other relations
he tries to show off himself as a love guru
hey! at least I have a girl friend and I don't only do body building in the gym with the guys
its a mix gym, we do have girls as well
he has mentioned girls & boys gym on the board
but in my entire life I have never seen any girl over there
So, any girl will take an admission. What's the big deal?
still she won't give you importance
don't talk rubbish, continue the game
I will ask you later, don't laugh
work on it, don't be jealous. Come on, play the game
let the time pass my dear, then you'll get to know
hey girl, what are you doing here?
actually there is no light in my flat
there is no light in your flat?
but the building...
where is your husband?
he has gone for the job interview, he didn't come back as of yet. So I am waiting for him
So, call him
my phone is upstairs. I will go with him to the flat, I am not going there alone
come dear, let me drop you
are you hungry?
take this, eat chapli kebabs
my wife has made them
you can never find such a scrumptious chapli kebab in the entire Peshawar
are you from Peshawar?
yes
I am from Peshawar & my wife is from Gujranwala
we came to Karachi 26 years ago after our marriage
this factory on the corner, I was a manager there
yes
I thought that we'll go to Peshawar after my retirement & will stay there
so why you didn't go back?
Karachi is such a city
it absorbs everyone inside it
yes...
its not possible to leave this city
where are your kids? Don't you have any?
we don't have children
but all the kids in the building are our children. Have you met Pinky?
She was such a small kid, in fact she was born in front of us. Now see, she is all grown up
the entire building's children are our children
Wow! you've eaten the entire kebab, but neither you've praised it nor you've said thanks
consider it as an appreciation, do you know for the first time I have eaten such a delicious food after coming here
its so delicious what to tell you!
so what do you guys eat?
plain lentils
bad omelet
toast & that too burnt
actually neither I or Farhad knows cooking
but today I have made Karahi, I will send it to you
do taste it first before sending, what if its not appropriate to send someone
I cannot say anything about it
why don't you learn to cook food from your mother, or aunt. After all, you are married now
actually, our entire family is upset they don't talk to us
what to say!
I see... that's why I have never seen anyone visiting your house
you keep an eye on everyone!
of-course, we have to. After all, my wife is the president of this society committee
what!
are you the husband of that strict aunty?
strict aunty!
talk with manners while talking about my wife
I'm sorry... sorry!
by the way, she is a bit strict & furious but very good at heart
be friends with her
then you'll see, how she is going to open the doors of her house & heart for you
ok listen girl, listen to me very carefully
there is circuit breaker at the bake side of the building... so
if you ever talk rubbish about my wife then nobody will be as bad as me!
don't know from where they came into our building
weird people have come into our building
See, even she took away PK's chapli kebab forcefully from me & ate it. Lets go!
Come on
Come on, leave her. They are weird people, come on
Come, let me tell you
forcefully?
such a coward!
by they way it was so good
why are you sitting here?
Farhad, I had been waiting for you since so long. Why you took so long to come back?
I had gone to drink tea with Jojo. I had sent you a message, also I had called you
I had been sitting here since hours, and you were enjoying outside with your friends?
I wasn't enjoying, actually I had to meet brother Aslam for the job
so why can't you do this work in the day light, Farhad?
yes, but why are you sitting here?
there is no light in our flat upstairs, and don't know how many mice are dead by now
but the entire building's light is there, then why there is no flight in our flat
how would I know, I am not an electrician. There is no light
do one thing. Come, lets check the breaker. It must be at the backside
you took so long
sorry...
I've been sitting on the stairs since so long
here they are
switch on the phone's torch
I don't have my phone
where is your phone then?
oh! it must be upstairs in the flat. But obviously, I have it
Farhad, you weren't worried about me even a bit?
I had sent you a message
was there a blue tick?
what?
did you see a blue tick?
I don't know. No.. I didn't see
wow! you didn't even check whether I have seen your messages or not
you didn't got a bit worried that my wife is alone at home, maybe she is in some problem or so
what if someone has abducted her
yes, it must have become a very big problem
you are so delicate, what I would have done if the mice would have abducted you?
Farhad, I was so afraid & you are joking
Fine, its ok. Do you even know I did so much of work today
I have cleaned the entire flat, also I have washed the dishes. Cooked the food & put a trap for mice
what?
you have cooked the dinner?
what have you made?
Chicken curry, but you don't realize that in what condition I am inside the house
Sorry, I thought maybe you have seen my messages
and at least keep your phone with you
even this is my mistake?
 now find it
it nobody's mistake, its my mistake. I will be careful next time. Ok?
now find it
look, there is one as well. Maybe, this is ours
yes?
yes, here it is
check the light now
is it on?
yes, the light is back
it was such a small work
but it seems as if someone has switched it off deliberately
or maybe it got tripped
well... if it trips off anytime then do switch it on from here. Ok?
shall we go?
Wow! it smells so good
then eat it
let me taste it first
hmm...
tell me
isn't it good?
isn't it tasty?
actually, its very... very
tell me quickly
its very...
its very tasty, you did very well!
really?
yes
let me taste it
honestly it tastes so good
wow!
wow wow!
so tell me what have you decided about the job?
will you accept the offer?
actually the package is not that good
but I don't have any other option
Fine, its ok for starting. You can think about it later
yes, even brother Aslam was saying the same thing. He said, get the experience first on your CV
what will I do alone at home when you'll be busy in your office for an entire day?
you will cook delicious meals for me
there is no need to get habitual of it
one day will be your turn & one day will be mine
means, first I shall do hard work in the office & then I shall come home & prepare meals. Isn't that an oppression?
what about those women who does office work & then prepare flat breads for the entire family after coming back home
what about them?
yes, that's an oppression too
I think, we should keep a cook
absolutely correct! As if we have won a lottery
I got you as a lottery
then let me do the job as well
I will get bored by sitting at home
as you wish
you can see
why aren't you eating dinner?
I just had chapli kebabs a while ago
you had chapli kebabs?
from where did you get them?
that Channo aunty downstairs, that strict lady
her husband saw me sitting alone on the stairs. So he came to inquire,
and offered me the kebabs as they were prepared in his house
he brought it, & I ate them
and you ate all of them?
No, I mean... you could have saved some for me. I would have tasted them as well
you shall eat the curry
Fine! You shall eat the chapli kebabs & offer us this curry
Farhad, I've prepared this curry for you with my hands & that too from the bottom of my heart
nothing should be more special for you than this. Even I eat your bad omelets so happily
bad omelets?
Ok fine, if this is the case
then this week I will prepare such an amazing master chef Nihari that your Karahi will be failed in front of it
you'll see
we'll see
I don't understand, the uncle is so good
but what is the problem with aunty?
how come uncle had spent so many years with aunty?
Farhad, she is such an ill-mannered, fighter, clever & mean woman that I can't tell you
what happened?
No, nothing
I am wondering, the people must be thinking the same thing about us
means?
am I a fighter? Am I ill-mannered?
I don't have manners to talk?
See, you are fighter accept it
I will beat you off with this plate
No. no...
but you are my fighter, my lovely fighter
hey stop..
get this table fixed
eat some with me please
I don't want to eat, have it yourself
brother Yaqoob, I have brought tea with sesame seed flat breads
since you came after so long
I feel so happy
the customer was complaining that Biryani doesn't tastes the same anymore
we said, nothing is changed
all the spices are same, but we know
you haven't done the mixing yourself
that's the actual thing
I have been checking accounts since so long
there is almost a difference of 50 thousand rupees
actually... you shall ask brother Shahzain
Shahzain?
yes! in your absence sometimes he gives us the deposit slip & sometime he doesn't give it
you shall ask him
go, do your work
Ok