First try to handle your father's responsibilities
then tell me my duties, which I have fulfilled more than my capability 
dad, for now you need to relax as your blood pressure is very high
where is the dress, Master? 
madam, what is this behavior? 
the misbehavior is that you had promised for the delivery at 4 pm
 I am really very very sorry. Are you fine?
what sorry? We have endured such a huge loss
yes, greetings! City Hospital?
 I wanted to take an update of the patient who came to your hospital after an accident
what! 
he died?
he died at this age?
60 years? No!
sister, he wasn't of 60 years. He was a young guy, he was admitted due to an accident
his name is Farhad, it must be in your list. Check it
oh God! Thank God...
 yes
yes, divert the call to the room
yes... my name is Freeha
not Fariha, its Freeha!
yes, there is no H
call them
hello!
Freeha?
you too?
what is this rubbish? Shall I slap you?
what is it?
everyone is calling you inside
Okay, lets go. Come...
Farhad. Farhad Yaqoob
he is 202
202..
mom...
Jojo, please check what if they have amputated my leg
what are you talking about?
you just got a small wound on the leg, why are you doing drama?
its hurting a lot, brother
now gather that courage, fine & all...
let that fine go to hell!
what was the need to call mom?
oh mom...
mom, nothing had happened
he is fine...
be thankful that my leg is fine
yes...
I am fine
mom, stop crying
hey Kiran, make her stop crying
he is fine, absolutely fine. He is lying in front of you
see, his eyes are opened. He is talking
Thank God that yesterday's function went very well
the groom's family had called, they were praising yesterday's event a lot
All of this is because of brother Yousaf
he is getting Zara married in such a manner, as if he is her real daughter
why? isn't she my daughter?
oh brother, she is yours..
Besides, there is no differentiation in the kids in this house
Freeha & Saqib is ours as much as Zara & Billu is yours
sister, also tell us what they had said about the jewelry?
I had observed, Zara's mother-in-law was quite amazed
be careful...
what if they become habitual of all this
such gifts exchange do happen in the wedding, & in our community they specially observe how much jewelry is given to the bride
even we are counting in the shop
that there shouldn't be any lacking or so
dad, the party is calling again & again
they want to buy our setup along with the shop
we won't get such a nice offer again
dear, I have already told you that I won't sell my family's business
dad... do one good investment & then rest
your generations will sit & eat at home without working
I do all the hard work, & then all my generations shall sit & rest
Not at all!
until my hands & feet are fine, I cannot sit at home idle
dad, at least meet them once & listen to them
you listen to me! And understand what I am saying
it won't happen until I am alive, but you can do whatever you want to do after my death. Ok?
oh brother, may your enemies shall die
and Saqib, what kind of a discussion you've started on such a joyous occasion?
after all, everything belongs to your son after you
so try listening to him as well sometimes
sister, now you shall start doing preparations of Freeha's wedding
its her turn after Zara's
absolutely! I've been saying this since very long
but our princess doesn't like anyone at all, so what to do!
a lot of influential families will come in this wedding, I will also keep an eye
And what as such tantrums she have? She'll like someone for sure
She doesn't have any tantrums. We'll get Freeha married once we'll find a perfect match for her
here you go, listen to him
She does all this because of your undue favor
did you see, how Saqib talks to us as if we are beggars
don't you see how brother fixes him!
yes, as if he will be fixed. Didn't you hear, what brother had said?
you can do whatever you want to do, after my demise
what does it mean?
and what do you think? Will Saqib be grateful on us the way your brother is?
if its in his control, he can separate us anytime
you did a very big mistake by selling off your share of inheritance
even you were adamant to get separated
as you wanted an immigration of abroad
nothing happened! We have ruined everything
how would I know that the builder will be a fraudster?
I had done my entire investment on that project
it was my plan that my entire generation will sit back & eat
a person do make a mistake and.. 
you are his younger brother, its your right
from which face I shall ask for more from him?
from the same face.. 
somehow you manage to take care of the expenses
but think about the future, there is Billu's future... 
somehow we have managed to get Zara married
but until when you'll do this & how much?
I don't doubt brother's intentions at all, he is a diamond!
but his wife & son.. 
if its in their control, they want to get rid of us as soon as possible
don't you worry
I won't let that happen ever
Thank God Farhad didn't get serious injuries
still he will make excuses, not to come to the kitchen
its a matter of a few days
even the doctor has advised him to rest
after that he has to come to the kitchen.. 
Sometimes you become way too strict
I fear that this guy is running way too fast
and the people who forget their manners in such a fast pace
they cut their roots, & their flight also gets affected by it
Yaqoob, right now all the kids are same
and there is no harm in changing with time
hmm.... 
there is no harm... 
this kitchen is not a business
its my existence!
it has my elders fragrance
wow! how my grand mother used to cook... 
even today we make the same kind of rice
and your son wants to change the same tradition, he wants to end it
because this work is not as per his expectations
by the way Yaqoob, I wanted to discuss about Kiran
her in-laws aren't fixing the wedding date
its been 2 years to her engagement
what shall we do?
every time they bring a new demand for dowry
we are girl's family & we have to tolerate it
they are saying that they'll come tomorrow
I must say, stay firm!
don't listen to any excuse
yes... 
you shall make me the bad guy in the entire world
you shall be firm! So that people will say that he is the stubborn go, don't argue with him
mind your own business, ok!
be firm!
Farhad
Farhad, take this
thank you!
how are you feeling now?
better... 
that's great!
Ok mom was telling me that tomorrow Shahzain's family is coming to discuss something
why?
they haven't told us
yes, why will they tell us? After coming tomorrow they'll put up a new demand
I think, maybe their TV isn't working
yes?
why don't you refuse for this wedding, Kiran?
Farhad, what do you mean by this? Why shall I refuse?
its the matter of your life
have you ever thought how those people will be in the future, who are like this today?
Shahzain is not that kind of, ok?
I guess, he isn't able to say anything because of his parents. That's it!
Kiran, a guy who cannot take a stand for you today. Will he take the stand tomorrow?
tell me
Farhad, dad had fixed this proposal
everything is in front of him. Now if it will end, then it will be done as per his consent. That's it!
and all of us have to bow down our heads in front of his consent, right?
Kiran... 
be careful... 
whatever is happening is not right. You also know this & I know it too
just refuse for this marriage once, I am standing by your side
Great! I mean, nowadays we have very less tensions in this house
the tensions shall increase because of me, no problem!
oh Kiran, stop it!
there is no need to become a sacrificial animal
will you relax now?
let them come tomorrow and discuss the matter first, then we'll see
now relax
I am telling you, I won't stay quiet if they'll discuss anything wrong tomorrow
Farhad... we'll see that tomorrow
for now rest & drink milk
its good that you guys have come
we were also trying to talk to you guys
yes, absolutely
also, its been so long that we had tasted the snacks of your house
hmm... 
they are great!
I think its been so long, we should fix the wedding date
absolutely! And we haven't refused about it
Besides, Kiran is like our daughter
so when shall we keep the date? Shall we keep any date of the 3rd month?
Brother Yaqoob look... 
you can see the inflation, the prices are sky rocket high
Shahzain had a bike, and we had to sell it off as well
will he take Kiran out on the rickshaw or buses after marriage?
the life is made after the union
and a person's fate do change after marrying a woman
you are absolutely correct
but its important to be practical
and we were thinking that... 
what if you can arrange some small car
so it would be good
this way Shahzain's value will be increased
he will be respected in his office too, most importantly he'll come in the sight of his manager
and the important thing is that, Shahzain's promotion is our daughter Kiran's promotion
we aren't asking it for ourselves, its for the children
No
what!
I said, No!
Enough is enough...
you guys have been stalling the wedding date since so long, & today you've crossed all the limits
car?
Farhad
do you think all this is right?
how he is talking to us?
hey! I should have talked to you in this tone way too earlier
See, they haven't taught him how to respect his elders
when elders are ready to tarnish their honor, then they shouldn't expect anything from others
be quiet... 
its the elders matter
what as such wrong we have said?
you are girl's family, at least care about our respect a bit
we are girl's family?
so?
we are giving you our girl
She is a living human being, not any think which should be weighed on the weighing scale
you are making such a grave mistake, Mr. Yaqoob
you guys will regret!
yes yes, get out. Greedy man... 
lets sit & talk peacefully
nothing is left to be discussed now
come on...
Farhad!
what difference does it make?
and somebody had to speak
and what as such influential people they are, that we are dying for them?
we need to... 
the girl's family always have to tolerate
then lets go, and get a zero meter car for the son-in-law
what will happen then? Do you think their demands will be over?
won't they put a new demand?
and stop getting your mockery done, please!
yes... 
she isn't doing any drama
you know how to create a spectacle
what do you think of yourself?
have you grown up so much?
how dare you to talk in your father's presence?
who talks here? Only decisions are announced
do you have any manners to talk?
is this how you talk to your sister's in-laws family?
those people deserve it
what do you think? Didn't I felt angry?
what does it mean, shall I blurt whatever comes to my mind?
we need to understand the delicacy of relations
did you thought about your sister?
I had thought about her, that's why I had said such things
yes... now they'll come & say something. Do you care about it?
yes, I don't care!
I cannot let my sister's life ruin because of such useless people
oho! sister's sympathetic brother
only you are sympathetic towards her & we are her enemies
make him understand something, teach him how to talk & put some sense in him
was he standing with a strainer, when God was blessing people with wisdom?
and don't ever try to interfere in elders matters, got it?
Farhad, did you hear what your father had said?
when he doesn't have an answer, he leaves right away
you shall also take a few things, so that the work shall end quickly
No, I cannot do all this. Besides, you'll scold me that you haven't done it properly
Besides, I don't want to take any risk in Zara's wedding things
did you see, how she makes excuses for not doing the work
sister, I must say. Find a good proposal in Zara's wedding & lock her too
all her tantrums will be over
No mom, she is among those who will make sure that her tantrums are fulfilled
All these things are before marriage, after marriage the reality is totally different
as I said, I don't want to get married at all
I will think once I will find the guy of my type
so what is your type?
See, the guy should be intelligent
he must be supportive, give respect & he should be a good life partner
hmm... and this way she'll get married
hey girl, come back on the ground. 
The guy should be good, well educated & from a good family background
also he should be of our community
wow! great... the world has advanced a lot & we are still stuck on the basis of community & caste
No tell me, did anyone asked from the guy who went to the moon that from which community you are?
no matter this world has reached to the moon
we "Memon" will be the best people in the business over there as well
and we'll fix the proposal in our community only
we are sitting on the ground, yet we are doing differentiation on the moon
nothing can be changed of this nation
oh sister, why are you arguing with her? Best people from our community will attend Zara's wedding
just see & fix some good proposal
she'll also like someone
I pray to God that it happens
hello! greetings...
Freeha?
You are the first person who took my name correctly!
how can I pronounce your name wrong?
it had to happen
she had married outside the community after so many fights, so its obvious
three... two
one...
good going my brother, now stop it
hello!
stop it!
oh Hello! Excuse me? Mister...
the doctor has advised you to rest & here you are continuously doing work out
I am so angry on Kiran right now
what that poor girl can do?
why?
When I am asking her to let go of this proposal then?
 I am here, I will handle everything!
so she must be liking Shahzain
Jojo, how can one like such a spineless guy? I don't get it
its love, man! It happens just like that
Yes, but there is something called being practical
the news is filled with such cases, torment due to dowry
you tell me, the people who are like this today how they will be in the future?
she must have developed understanding with Shahzain
at least listen to her point of view
I don't want to!
She is doing such girly stupid acts
by the way, you shouldn't have said such things in front of all
ok relax, just chill
calm down!
lets do one thing
go home, sit with everyone & talk peacefully
No Jojo...
I feel suffocated in that house
whether I yell or shout, there is no one to listen to me
everything comes back like an echo
what to do!
no matter how they are, they are still our family
we have to tolerate
four...
five...
six...
hey Billo! What are you doing?
can't you see?
I can see that, but has anyone punished you for doing this?
I am going to the gym from today, so doing the pre-workout warm up
gym?
wow! best of luck
how come you got this courage?
the clothes he had made for the wedding, all of them got tight
and Mr. Yousaf won't give money to make new clothes
hello! whatever I am doing is for my health
whenever I start doing any good work, this black cat comes in my way
this old hag is speaking a lot!
hey leave it...
he has ruined my entire work out. How will I become thin now?
do it... don't leave it like this
what is your problem? Why do you say such things to him? At least talk good if you don't look good
poor guy!
Billu...
come on eat this
eat this...
Shahzain, listen to me
you listen to me, Kiran
what was the need for Farhad to say all such things?
I wouldn't have taken the car though
and I had told you to listen whatever my parents will say, I will handle them
you are right, when I am denying?
but look, was anyone from our family expecting such demands?
besides my parents are so worried about the wedding date
so, am I not worried?
Anyways, Farhad has added more worries to our problems by doing this
and my parents are so angry
when am I denying this? But at least think from our side as well
Kiran, don't you trust me?
when did I said that?
the elders would have discussed it, I would have talked to my parents & the matter would have ended
my parents do get such ideas, and later they forget it
but Farhad has created such a big difficulty by doing all this
now?
I don't know, whether my parents will be able to forget all this or not
take it
have it...
hey! you had gone to get lunch. What is this?
this is our lunch, try it
what is this?
it tastes as boiled socks, take it back!
have you ever tasted them? So, how come you know the taste?
at least I can imagine
after drinking this, my mind directly goes there
you are so weird! you say anything
he seems to be in a lot of pain
hey! he is the same guy
who?
that girl's brother
oh yes... he is the same
come..
hey bro! How are you doing?
all good? how do you find the gym?
its nice
ok tell me, what is your goal? What kind of a body you want to make, tell me
I will give you personal training
No no, just now I saw YouTube.
 I will do it myself
What is the need of YouTube? He is here, he will give you personal attention
that too free of cost!
free of cost?
yes yes, after all you are our friend
and now we have met you so many times, along with your sister...
she is my cousin
with your cousin... how nice!
what is your name?
Bilal
Bilal
Bilal, nice to meet you
thank you!
and... what is the name?
whose?
their's?
whose? 
He is asking your name
my name is Jojo..
his name is Jojo
I know his name, as he is my cousin
then why are you asking?
Ok, lets restart
yes
my name is Farhad
Okay
his name is Jojo
your name is Bilal
and what is your cousin's name?
Freeha
Freeha
Freeha..
by the way, if she ever wants to do the gym then bring her over here
Besides, its a mix gym. Are you getting it? Nowadays its a trend
yes yes, she can also come free of cost
2 people free!
yes, why not? You can consider it as your own gym
oh wow! then I will come daily
its my sister's wedding within a few days, and I need to shed some weight
but sister Freeha is quite busy, so she cannot come. Besides, she doesn't go to gym
oh! since there is a wedding in your house
and we are meeting now? We should have met earlier
do you know why?
it cannot happen that anyone is getting married in this city & they don't get the food prepared by us
oh, so you guys have a food business?
we have the famous kitchen of this city..
Catering... we have a catering business
event management!
we manage any kind of event
he is a BBA graduate...
top division from a top university, don't take him easy
oh wow!
if you want any of your event managed, then you can get it done from us
but sister Freeha is looking after all the events
alright, then let me talk to her
keep our card
this is an old card
do one thing, give me your number then I will message you. Lets be in touch
yes yes, write it down
tell me
0321... 
0321...
it will be switched off whenever you will call
funny!
it was a joke
yes, very nice
write down... 3249964
9964...
Bilal
Okay Bilal
nice to meet you
yes, same here
how nice...
lets make body
where are you going? Show me a few moves
catering business?
he was saying something like that
but they don't seem to be a businessman
his cousin was praising him a lot
he was saying that they have this city's famous catering business
also he have done BBA from some famous university
really?
by the way, they seem to be business minded
how?
one makes you fat by feeding food & the other one takes you to the gym
its quite a weird cycle
eat these apples
what was the need to give the card?
don't know what they must be thinking!
when did you let me tell them? And by the way, what's wrong in it?
after all we are this city's famous Kitchen
oh brother, don't use this word
say it as "Catering business"
nowadays people don't get such food items cooked
there is nice arrangement with stylish food
I will do all this
then do it, but right now we needed an excuse for the meeting
I said, whatever came into my mind
try to say thank you sometimes
listen!
shall I call?
come on...
hello! who is this?
Hello! Bilal?
this is Farhad speaking
Farhad? Who Farhad?
Farhad...
the accident guy
just now we met in the gym as well
hmm.... the catering guy!
did you had any discussion in the house about the events?
can we arrange an event for you?
I had a word, but sister has already arranged everything
but you can come if you want to wash the dishes
hello! greetings...
Freeha?
you are the first person who took my name correctly!
how can I pronounce your name wrong?
how are you?
how are you feeling now?
I am also fine
how about you?
absolutely fine! Billo was telling me that you have a catering business
yes yes, we are best in business
that's a big claim!
you can check
there is no need to give any big event, we are okay with any small event
any henna party or so, we can arrange it
my father has already arranged everything, but I want some small event like a dance party specially from my side
but it has to be very special
nothing can be less than special for you
can we meet & discuss the details?
Okay, we'll meet. Let me send you the address & location
let me message you
Great!
see you then
Bye!
okay bye!
what? I will make you wash the dishes!
send me the number, quickly message me
say thank you to your brother...
thank you!
thank you so much, brother..
brother
yes?
we have to do a lot of work, we have to do a special event. Come!
we have to work?
I? why?
oh Jojo, where do you get stuck!
Farhad...
yes?
Farhad
hmm?
Farhad, I don't know but you have to talk to Shahzain
to Shahzain?
yes
what do I have to talk about with Shahzain?
he is so upset, he is very angry
really?
maybe you haven't noticed, but I am also very upset
Farhad... my dear brother
I think you don't have an idea that because of you the doom's day has arrived downstairs
it should obviously happen
I am amazed on the fact that if doesn't make any difference to you!
how can you tolerate this?
Listen to me
Shahzain wasn't taking the car, his parents do say such things
Shahzain is not that kind of a person
Ok if Shahzain is not that kind of a person, then tell me one thing
why he hasn't fixed the wedding date as of yet?
very nice question!
he had talked to his parents
he had decided everything, he has explained them that this is the last discussion that they'll be doing
he had also decided that how to stall this matter, but I am proud of you my brother...
you've ruined everything!
and you've agreed with him?
our engagement is of 2 years!
its not a joke
engagement can be called off as well, Kiran
get lost from here, ill-mannered guy!
how can you decide?
did you ask me?
have you thought about it?
you consider yourself quite different from others, right?
but you are doing the same thing, that rest of the people do
you are taking my life's decision without my consent
you are a kid, Farhad
just grow up, man!
hmm...
oh wow! such a delicious khowsuey (noodles)
today was Freeha's day, so this is her choice of meal
I knew it that she'll get it cooked as its her favorite
my daughter is about to get married and..
you could have got her favorite meal cooked
everyone in this house comes after Freeha's turn
what are you saying?
everyone has same importance in this house
yes! that I can see
its Zara's marriage & the dress color choice is of Freeha's
sister, don't you worry
As it is, mine & Freeha's choice is same
in clothes, as well as in food
whenever I will miss her, I will go to her house to eat Khowsuey (noodles)
what! we don't visit our daughters house like this after their marriage
so, she is going to her husband's house after marriage not to some jail
she'll get to know once she gets married
that an in-laws place is not less than a jail
hey Ramsha...
what as such we've done with you that you are calling your in-laws house a jail?
and scaring these unmarried girls
don't you worry. Our Zara is so polite...
her in-laws house will not become a jail for her
I mean, our Zara is such a nice girl
She will make everyone hers
my Zara is a diamond...
otherwise, nowadays the girls doesn't tolerate anything
look at the divorce rate
did you hear about brother Naqi?
I heard, his daughter got divorced
really?
yes... true that
it had to happen
she had married outside the community after so many fights, so its obvious
we tell everything to our daughters...
now take Shaggo's example
yes, now see what happened with her
she got divorced, what's the use of it?
the girls should understand this
don't know why they don't understand
mom!
honestly, its quite shameful
even today whenever they discuss this in our community, my head lowers down with shame
what is the problem?
is this an appropriate time to talk about such thing?
its been 15 years to this matter, at least leave this topic now
you've upset her for no reason
whether its 15 or 50 years..
her mistake will always stay fresh, along with its lesson
one should not marry outside the community. Its a sin to think about it as well
do you have a heart in your chest?
aunt..
aunt...
yes
are you fine?
yes
I am fine
what will happen to me?
mom & aunt shouldn't have said such things to you
now I've become habitual of listening to these things
Fine!
if you had been habitual then you wouldn't be shedding tears like this
what's the problem?
what is the problem?
as I said...
I am fine
I am perfectly fine
everyone had explained me
they had told me
not to trust him
but I was stubborn
I fought with them in the name of love
aunt, you didn't know that he'll betray you
if I would have listened to my elders, then maybe I would have saved myself from betrayal
they must have been humiliated a lot because of me
he had completed the nuptial vows with me
they took dowry from us
and then, he ran away to the US
he vanished!
I had never received a letter in Shaggo's name
but I had received the divorce deed
now since I have made a mistake, so I have to bear its punishment
love is not a crime, Fari...
it can be lie...
it can betray you
and one needs to bear the punishment of that one mistake for lifetime
this love & affection...
all is different
its very important to be practical to spend your life
this is what I have learnt with time
alright then, you shall also think being practical
all of this was never in your control
Aunt Shaggo look, until you don't forgive yourself the entire world will keep considering you as a sinner
it doesn't happen this way
it doesn't...
Ok don't be upset. Get up, come inside
where?
I am saving you from committing another bigger sin
what have I done?
you have left Khowsuey (noodles) inside
even I cannot forgive you for this sin, I am telling you prior
you are such a big eater!
you only think about food
so? I am thinking about food only, I am not thinking anything bad for anyone
yes?
lets go!
come on, get up...
you annoy me a lot
yes, I know!
Come... they are so fresh, spicy...
Kiran
Kiran...