what rubbish you are uttering?
what are you saying? Have you gone mad? Are you crazy!
I am absolutely fine. I wish you had fix your dearest daughter's mind on the right time
how is this possible, Saqib? She must be somewhere in the house, go find her
what happened?
 Who did this?
such a bad scene has happened
her brother came in the gym, with so many goons
they have ruined my entire gym
I am asking the question here
where is Farhad?
how dare you to enter my house?
hey!
be thankful that I came here alone, the police didn't come
when did you wake up?
I haven't slept
why?
I couldn't sleep while thinking that today you'll become Mrs. Farhad
and I will become Mr. Freeha
hello!
Farhad, listen to me! Get out of there, run away from there immediately!
what happened, Kiran?
I don't have time to tell you anything right now. Freeha's brother has got to know your address. Leave that place as soon as possible
Farhad, what happened?
Freeha, they are here
come on, lets go!
Farhad... 
open the door
Freeha, why are you crying?
I am with you
open the door!
open it
look over there
brother, they are fleeing away
hey stop!
King of the braves, Lion of the Lord, Strength of the God, There is no one like Ali, There is no sword like. Zulfiqar
my man is great among all noblemen
who never run away from the battle, who is a symbol of courage and invincibility
this is the shrine of the follower of that courageous noblemen
the oppressor gets protection by the noblemen over here
then how come the enemy dare to harm that person by any means
well... 
may you get peace
my child, cover your head
its a respectable place
singing religious verses*
what happen, did you get any update?
they fled away just in front of my eyes
so, didn't you stop them?
they've made me crazy, they are making me run in the entire city
I was about to catch then but they got slipped by an inch
brother Saqib, talk to the DIG
give it here, disconnect it
whatever spectacle had to be made, its done
now there is no need to call the police & get us more humiliated, got it?
dad, they must be in the same area right now. We can bring them before the wedding nuptials
what's the point of calling the person back home, who doesn't wants to come back?
so, what about our respect?
our respect is already ruined! its over
leave her!
I used to think, once she'll go then she will be afraid
she will come back after getting afraid. She'll get hold on herself once we'll call her
why shall we wander around after her in all the streets?
Enough is enough now!
so dad, shall we let them go so easily?
what do you mean by this?
It was my mistake that I used to think, who am I to stop her?
or to say, go...
she doesn't have any respect for you, for your mother or for me. We are nobody to her!
Call them. Let me inform everyone that no wedding is going to happen today
end of discussion!
dad, don't do this. The police will catch them, I am telling you
what respect will be left of ours if the police will handover our daughter to us?
she has ruined our honor
whatever will be amiss will be completed after calling the police
let her go
dad is right
you also consider her dead for us
Freeha, daughter of Yousaf Motivala. Do you agree to marry Farhad son of Yaqoob Karim Baksh with alimony of 50,000 rupees?
I agree
do you agree to marry?
I agree
do you agree to marry?
I agree
Farhad son of Yaqoob Karim Baksh, do you agree to marry Freeha, daughter of Yousaf Motivala?
I agree
do you agree to marry?
I agree
do you agree to marry?
I agree
has everyone got to know?
yes, dad has told everyone
he does whatever he wants to do at everyplace!
his daughter is also like him
everyone does whatever they want to do in this house, except for you
look at your condition
what not do we have to tolerate because of this father daughter duo, have you ever thought of it?
the entire community knows
my mom was saying, if any girl in our family would have done any such thing then they would have killed her with their own hands
even I feel like doing the same, when I saw her today
remember, everyone talks big in this house
but everyone melts like a wax after coming in front of Freeha
don't know what magic this girl has done
see, there is no need to compare me with everyone. Got it?
I have never favored such silly antics
you could never stop her as well
what difference does it make now?
now we have to hide our face because of her
your brother has proved to be so clever
he even fled away from that Motivala as well
what is wrong with you, Shahzain?
I am unable to recognize you
a guy who never used to talk loudly with me before marriage, now he yells & screams at every other matter. Why?
you mean to say that you have no fault in all this?
what?
what? What! tell me
what have I done?
tell me
you are punishing me in yours & Farhad's fight
tell me yourself
think with a cool mind, is this matter so big that no matter what even our relation shall be compromised?
our relation shall get ruined?
from where the initiative was taken, Shahzain?
where have I took an initiative?
my family had tried to fulfill every desire & demand... 
one second... 
what did you say?
they had fulfilled every demand?
the demand related to car
you had said that you'll talk to your parents
or actually it was your demand?
you did everything for dowry!
there is no need to do so much of drama in front of me, understand?
and you guys have become crazy after listening to feminist rights! nothing else
every parent of this world gives gifts before marriage for the sake of their daughter's happiness
what's the big deal in it?
as far as the household items are concerned, is it just mine?
don't you use it? tell me
you use them, right?
we'll have our family in the future, so will I take you to the doctor on the bike in this scorching heat?
as far as the car is concerned
who will use it?
 Our kids will use it
true?
Ok
if your car demand is fulfilled
will your behavior become fine?
will you forget yours & Farhad's fight?
yes?
Kiran, do one thing
you can try
bring the car once, you'll get to know
Sorry, Freeha
I know this place is not capable for you
everything happened so quickly, that I didn't get a chance for any better arrangements
will your dad agree?
will he call us back home?
maybe...
I don't know
but don't you worry
if not there, then I will arrange some better place for you
I won't keep you here for long, Ok?
I am feeling hungry
oh! Let me bring your favorite fry kebabs?
but don't go alone, I will come along with you. I cannot stay here alone
you are tired, rest for a while. I will quickly go & come back. Sit
in fact, lock this door
close it
move away!
Yaqoob, don't take the pot
oh God!
you'll see what I will do to him with the pot
the kid's head will split open
stand straight!
oh!
you have helped him in eloping the girl, right?
you were with him, you wretched!
get out of this house, don't enter again else I will break your legs
uncle, at least listen to me for once
he got saved once again
stand straight!
wait a minute
mom!... mom
oh God what is it!
move away!
Yaqoob, don't take the pot
oh God!
you'll see what I will do to him with the pot
the kid's head will split open
 stand straight!
stand straight
oh Yaqoob!
I will lock you in the same pot, if you'll throw anything on my son
sister, what are you saying? Do you know what he did?
He helped my son in eloping a girl
so, what else he could have done? After all, he is his brother
my son's blood hasn't gone white like yours
brother, what's wrong? You are favoring him!
I am trying to put sense in your mind
have some sense. What's done is done, Yaqoob!
now if you'll stand in front of the kids like a cruel society, then the kids will do whatever they are doing right now
you can loose your only son, but you cannot leave your ego
don't listen to anything
brother, I don't want to listen to anything
means, you are trying to say that our children shall become disobedient
they shall not listen to us, they shall elope the girls from our neighbors & we shouldn't say anything to them. Right?
if you had hugged him since childhood, then you didn't had to see this day
hey, your son would have been your friend at this age
but you! you have enmity against him
I don't want to hear anything
tell him to go away from my sight
Yaqoob, you really like to make people go away from you. Then do it!
but listen to me very carefully
this house is mine as well, my son is not going anywhere from here
don't come in front of me, else...
aunty, mom... please hide these pots
uncle will break my head
Jojo, nothing happens. You won't get hurt or so
listen, go to Farhad's place & tell him to come back home
its not a good thing to wander around in the streets with someone else's daughter
he shall come home & apologize to Yaqoob
no matter if he touches his feet. Because now its his responsibility to keep the relations intact
got it, dear?
very good!
Sharmila
who is it?
its me, Sharmila
Sharmila...
hey Sharmila, are you opening the door or...
Sharmila
Farhad! you're back
what are you doing?
somebody was trying to enter forcefully
just a while ago
who?
I don't know
but nobody is here except for me
Freeha, a person calls out before throwing a vase. Right?
and this antic vase must be of almost one & a half kg
if I would have got injured then you would have become a widow today
I am feeling like a heart attack
come here
move...
I was so afraid
so you thought of taking his life in one go!
no...
Wow! I am feeling scared now
if I will come late at home, then will I be welcomes with lamps, vases or pots?
what's wrong? Why are you being so dramatic? After all, you got saved
you didn't get hurt anywhere, right?
what is all this that you've brought?
this is for you
and I got late, because I was buying clothes for you
see
so sweet!
wow!
what's in the rest?
oh yes! this is your food. Here is your tikka
these are your kebabs, & flat breads. Have them now!
wow!
come on
won't you eat?
no no, you eat first
I will eat later
what is in that?
Umm... have a look
you are the dessert to my malpura!
from where you've brought such a sweet romance?
here, I am bringing food for you & you are making fun of me
No no, absolutely not!
do you want a bite?
let me give you a morsel
you eat first
I will
so much of love...
you eat...
Okay
what are you feeding me?
Brother Yousuf
Brother Yousuf, I want to talk to you about something
go ahead
I want to apologize to you, Brother Yousuf
it feels, the pain I have given you is never ending
I...
haven't I put any false hopes in Freeha's mind?
Brother Yousuf, believe me
I have always tried to explain her, not to become like me
she shall not become like me
I had never brain washed her to become rebellious, brother
never
and now, whatever discussion is going on in the entire community
that if you had made Shaggo an example, then your daughter wouldn't have crossed this line
please forgive me, Brother Yousuf
I should have left from here long time ago
I should have...
No...
have you gone mad?
there is a lot of difference in her mistake & your mistake
its quite different
that's what I was explaining Freeha
don't be crazy, you have no fault in it
you have to make yourself strong!
we'll be humiliated a lot, we'll be insulted too much
but...
you have to stay strong, ok?
This stain is only mine & Rashida's
we've been defeated.
I'm sorry that you people are also getting affected, but what to do
I cannot see you in this condition
please go
dear, go & rest. Its quite late night, I am also tired
I want to be alone, please go
Brother Yousuf
you are the best brother in this world
you have always supported us
let them humiliate us
let them stain us
but we are standing with you until our last breath
please go
you have to be strong, very strong!
my God...
hello!
yes yes, Hello? Can you hear me now?
ok fine
ok fine, we are coming
Okay, see you then
what are you looking at?
No, nothing...
go get ready, we have to go
where are we going?
to my house
have your parents called us?
not dad, but rest all are calling us
did his anger cooled down?
we'll get to know after going there
he has beaten up Jojo with every other thing, such as shoes & sandals
lets see now what he beats me up with
listen, don't you worry
we'll present you if somebody will say anything
what if they beat me, then?
No, why will they beat you?
everyone is not violent like your brother, that they start beating whomsoever they get
don't go on my family!
hey hey...
you are so possessive about your family as of yet
that you are showing tantrums to your husband
so, what's the use of bringing the families in between like a typical husband & wife?
ok sorry, I have said it by mistake
actually the wounds given by your family are still fresh
is it fine now? it is?
oh sorry, sorry!
sorry! what do you do?
go get ready, we have to leave
will they like me?
why they won't like you?
it would be great if dad likes me, but anyways we'll be okay if he likes you
now go, get ready
you've finished the jogging quite early today
I'm tired today
Hamid, you shouldn't be sitting here
why?
but I always sit here
that's why, you shouldn't sit
but why?
Hamid... people will make so many gossips
which people?
do you know these people?
a lot of people from our community comes here for a walk
and all of them are looking at us, right?
Everyone is talking about us?
there is a possibility that they like your dress
Hamid, I recognize these looks very well
and right now, everyone is talking about our family
you don't even know
we've been through a lot of crisis
actually... I know
see
the entire world goes to sleep
but this Memon Hotline never sleeps
by the way...
you should have asked me about it
since its your personal matter, that's why
I had sent a message to brother Yousuf, that if he needs any help then he shall let me know
really?
Shaggo, right now everyone will call to enjoy
right now the first stone will be thrown by a person, who had never committed any sin ever
Shaggo, everyone has some imperfection
there is an issue in every house
look at Mrs. Rauf
yes, this one. Her husband beats her on daily basis
and that Mrs. Chawla. Her daughter has come back home & its been a year now
and she tells people as if she came yesterday
and they don't get tired while discussing others daughters
God shall ask them
shall I give you a suggestion from my heart?
don't take the words of such people to your heart
Shaggo
do let me know, if I can be a help for you, or brother Yousuf or for your family
brother Yousuf's status is quite high in our community
Mrs. Chawla
is everything fine, sister?
is your daughter fine?
Okay, pay my regards to her
I used to consider you very brave, but you got anxious by such people
I don't get anxious by anyone so easily!
but what to do in this situation.
Farhad
thank God that you are fine
lets go
my wife
Freeha
Greeting!*
wait, let me do charity
I'm coming
Greetings uncle
Greetings aunty
Greetings!
Greetings to you too! Stay blessed
Farhad, is she that girl?
yes uncle
she is so pretty
you are about to get a lot of beatings today