aunty, they are offering the price of 60 to 70 lacs approximately
I will try to get more money but.. 
honestly speaking, the real value of this property is the land. Rest is just a waste
Mahnoor what do you say about it?
I haven't finalized the deal as of yet. I wanted to discuss all these matters with you so that
we could make some decision mutually
if you would have taken my suggestion, then I was not interested in selling this property
but anyways, now you & mom have already decided
what can I say?
Mahnoor, what do we have to do by keeping the house?
for now, the most important thing for us is our mother's life
this is our heirloom property, sister
no problem, you can still get the money. You can make a property once again
Besides, only 10 to 12 lacs are required for your mother's operation
I could have got mom's treatment done
as far as this property is concerned then
we are selling off dad's properties one after the other
in how many places will you spend your money?
you are already supporting your husband's family
see, I am not saying that you shouldn't support them
I know Faraz's financial situation very well
there are family's expenditures
and you should be supporting him in this
Besides, its the duty of a good wife & daughter in law
Faraz is a person with a very high self respect
till date, he didn't took a single penny from me 
in fact, he takes care of all of my expenses
you've always been taunting me that I take care of the expense of my husband's family, right?
then for your kind information
I don't spend a single penny from my salary on my in-laws, nor they have ever demanded it
I had already refused to take the dowry
you say that they are very greedy & they just think about themselves
so, for your kind information
the target of every person in this world isn't his wife's money
honestly, Faraz is such a gentleman
he had made me realize time & again
and whatever delusions I had in my heart for him
all of them are cleared after Mahi's marriage
don't know what good deed we did that we got Faraz as our son in law 
in fact, he is also like Saqlain who had proved himself as a son but not a son in law
aunty, if you allow me then can I finalize this deal?
I think we shouldn't delay
I will take an appointment for your operation as soon as we finalize this deal
did you hear, what your mother had said?
she is comparing me with Faraz
its been only a few days that he became a part of our family
she is praising her so much, just because he took her to the hospital once
and what about me, who is serving her since so many years
I do every of her work, to gather the rents
to bring groceries for her
to wait in the universities & colleges lines
I am tiring myself to save the shops from illegal takeovers
please don't be angry
mom had said it just like that, but you... 
she hadn't said just like that
my comparison is being done with Faraz
by saying this, she is making me realize that I haven't done anything for her in my entire life
there isn't any such thing
you are having a misunderstanding
mom values you a lot, she considers you as her son
leave it, today your mother has hurt me a lot
tell me one thing
is there anyone in your family like me?
No, right?
if I would have done this good deed with someone else, then they would have valued me way too much
and I had never taunted you on the fact that you cannot give me an offspring
I haven buried this wish inside my heart
don't I feeling like expanding my family?
that someone should carry my name forward after my demise
hey brother! look... my new bike
check its sound
wow! its really very nice
now do ride it carefully, I hope the brakes work properly
yes brother, all of its parts are working
ok now switch it off, the entire neighbor is getting disturbed because of its noise
why should I switch it off?
they should also get to know that I've brought a bike
besides, they are usually so keen to know what is going inside our house
today, they should enjoy my bike's sound 
this guy will never understand anything
anyways.... dear Faraz
where is Mahnoor?
will there be a late meeting in the office today as well?
don't mind my words...
but if Mahnoor had to stay back at office, then try to sit with her
mom, I don't need to keep an eye on Mahnoor
yes, but I will stay back if there would be any work
Besides, right now Mahnoor is not at office. She has gone to her mother's house
again she has gone to her mother's house & that too without informing me
let her come back
I have to fix her!
brother
yes
take me somewhere please. Come on. How to sit on it?
there is no need to! Get off, its my bike only
only auto rickshaw suits you, so commute on it
keep your second hand bike!
what did you say!
is there anyone in your family like me?
if I would have done this good deed with someone else, then they would have valued me way too much
and I had never taunted you on the fact that you cannot give me an offspring
I haven buried this wish inside my heart
don't I feeling like expanding my family?
that someone should carry my name forward after my demise
mom
what is the matter, why are you sitting like this? Are you fine?
yes, I am fine
then what are you thinking?
I am thinking that since I'm fine now, then what is the need for the surgery?
I am feeling much better from the medicines prescribed by the doctor
is it necessary to get the surgery done?
you can get temporary relief from the medicines that the doctor has prescribed you
God forbid, if there is some emergency in the future & then this surgery needs to be done then?
what will we do then?
isn't it better to get it done now? And there isn't any problem in it. Everything will be fine
you do trust God, right?
its my trust in God
I have spent my entire life while trusting God
Mahi listen, kindly take Areeba to some good doctor
I am so worried about her, I want her to become a mother
No, don't worry
just pray, everything will be fine
dear, prayers have become the daily routine of my life
I just keep praying for the three of you, what else do I have?
try to take care of Ramsha as well
what Ramsha has done now?
nowadays, she has started to spend a lot 
she never used to do this. She has been doing it since a few weeks
sometimes she needs gifts for her friends birthdays
sometimes she needs money to go for a lunch with her friends
you already know how difficult it has become for me to take care of this house expenses
how all of this will work like this?
she has been spending the money from both of her hands, explain her... 
ok fine, I'll talk to her. Ok?
please come & do some rest. You've been sitting here since so long. Come on
come, sit here with me
Mahi, is everything fine at your house?
everything is fine mom, why are you thinking a lot?
there is nothing to worry about. Everything is going very well
don't think too much
just rest for a while. Meanwhile let me bring soup for you. Ok?
I'm coming in a while
what is your problem? Why are you after one thing?
marriage! marriage! I don't want to marry now, I want to complete my studies
you won't straighten yourself, right?
I had told you not to argue with me, otherwise.. 
otherwise what? Will you beat me? Ok, go ahead
but this time I won't listen to you at all
you have to listen to me
why? you don't impose your decisions on Maheer
all orders are only for me?
he does whatever he wants to
please mom
do let me do the graduation
why were you in such a hurry that you've called the suitors family tomorrow?
the problem is that, nowadays the way you are using your tongue like scissors
and the way you are always stick with Mahnoor
you are learning all of this from there, this misbehavior & rebellious acts
otherwise, earlier you never had any issue with marriage
yes, I didn't had any problem because at that time I didn't know anything
but after seeing sister Mahnoor, I also feel like. .
that I should also study & take my career seriously like.. 
I will never let you become like her
its her mother's courage who had tolerated her
or maybe this kind of upbringing is done at her house
listen to me very carefully
I don't want to argue on this matter anymore
I've invited the suitors family tomorrow, be presentable to them
by God's will the matter has proceeded further, I pray that everything goes well
you are being so stubborn & you'll make sure to fulfill it
but remember, the consequences of that stubbornness will not be good
greetings!
greetings to you too!
did you see? how she had misbehave with me
aunty, can I say something if you don't mind?
actually... 
why do you want to marry Aima so soon?
and that too forcefully
she wants to study right now
I think, you should give her some time
keep your suggestions to yourself
she is my child, I know whats good & bad for her more than you
if Faraz has given you leniency, then it doesn't mean that you shall brain wash my daughter too
No, I haven't said anything to Aima
in fact, she had requested me to talk to Faraz
even Faraz cannot confront me
and you! you spend the entire day at your office
don't you feel like coming back home in the evening?
you went to your mother's house without informing me
yes, actually I... 
enough!
I don't want to hear any of your clarifications
focus on your family
if you will look back again & again then how will you focus on your family?
neither you care about your mother in law or your husband
you are always concerned about your mother's house
when did you come?
just a while ago
how is aunty now?
she is fine now
have you guys decided any date for her surgery?
yes, actually we are thinking about next week
brother Saqlain will soon take an appointment with the doctor
its a good thing that her surgery will be done soon
I have a friend at the hospital. God willing, there won't be any problem
check your work, I've completed it. So please check it
God willing, we'll submit the entire supply plan for the next month
God willing, you won't face any problem in the future
thank you!
thanks for what?
you do you work as well as mine too
mine & your work is not different
mom, I got so worried when I saw Rameez coming towards me
what if he had talked to me infront of Saqlain, then?
don't know what would have happened
I hope you don't have his number
why would I have his number?
true that
I think this cannot be a coincidence that I saw Rameez like this
aren't you doing any conspiracy with me?
tell me the truth
will I do conspiracies with you? Whatever I've done till date, its for your betterment
and whatever will be done in the future, will be much better for you
what do you mean?
look, I mean no matter it must be a coincidence that you met Rameez
but it would be much better for you if he comes back into your life
he just came to take revenge, nothing else
if he had to take revenge then he could have strangled me to death when he had met me
also he would have told your reality to Saqlain
I think there is some motive behind his return
then what can be his other motive?
he was crazily in love with you
this love is so merciless
it doesn't spare anyone so easily
when a cunning person like Saqlain can become so crazy in your love
then Rameez is so stupid!
mom, tell me clearly what are you trying to say. I am already so tensed, so please don't beat about the bush
look, one day or the other you will get rid of Saqlain
and you still love Rameez
since he is back now, then appease him to support you
and make him believe that you are still innocent
we'll leave after looting Saqlain
and then you can get married to Rameez
you are right. Anyways, I was so scared today
Ok, now don't take tension. Come on
Ok tell me, how did you find the perfume?
yes, it was good
I thought that you are angry with me
No, why will I be angry at you?
my mood is just a bit off
you are so coward
actually I like daring girls a lot
but I like you
I am not coward, its just that I try to be a little careful
actually my family is quite conservative
come on sweetheart, you take so much of tension
sister, you!
actually I was going to keep these clothes in the washing area
if you want any kind of help then I can help you
No, its ok
oh sister, why are you being formal? Let me help you
I don't need your help, thank you!
Sure, welcome
yes hello!
did sister came to you?
yes, your sister... 
didn't she get to know that we are talking to each other?
oh stupid! you weren't on a video call that she gets to know who is on the other side of the call
Areeba, my dear at least I should know that why are you upset with me
I am not angry with you, mom
I am angry on my fate
angry on your fate?
Areeba
dear, tell me what had happened
what if you had a fight with Saqlain
what difference does it make, mom?
whether we fight or not?
you don't have any value for me or for him
what are you saying?
do you have any idea
how much hurt Saqlain is from your words?
my words?
yes
he used to consider you as his responsibility since so many years
he used to get tired day & night for you & for this house
he solves each & every problem of this house
yes
he has fulfilled all the responsibilities since years
what did we get in return?
dear, we have always been grateful to him
we gave him importance in everything, he is more valuable to me that my own children
how much time has passed since Mahnoor has got married?
only a few weeks?
in such a less time you have given Saqlain's place to Faraz
he took you to the hospital only once
Areeba, I have never compared him with Saqlain
he is a nice person, he also takes care of us like Saqlain
again you are comparing with him
what if tomorrow your other daughter is proved to be infertile
then, will Faraz tolerate her quietly like Saqlain?
God forbid that my Mahnoor...
what has happened to you, why are you talking such rubbish?
I have to live such a suffocated life at all times
its better to die than this
God forbid Areeba, come to me. Please don't say such things
please don't say such things
please come
let me park the bike inside
thank you!
shall we?
what will I tell aunty, that why I am here at this hour?
you can make any excuse with mom
come on, you get worried so soon
I came home because of you, to get your assignment
I have completed your assignment by staying awake all night long
yes, but you could have given me the assignment tomorrow morning as well
now here...
yes, I could have. But you were making a lot of noise that you want your assignment right away
now I've come home for you. Its a matter of sometime. Ok do tell mom
that you are here to meet Aima. Meanwhile we will take the assignment & leave. Say what?
please
shall we go?
come
come!
come in
welcome! Let me make you meet Aima & mom today
I can't see anyone at home
Aima!
mom!
oh yes...
I think they have gone to the market, I remember
yes, so we should also leave then. Quickly go & bring the assignment
why?
are you getting scared?
No
No, no... you are being scared of me
you are thinking that maybe I will being alone
I mean, I will hurt you...
yes?
No, there isn't any such thing
what if somebody saw us like this all alone at this hour, then don't know what will they think about us
So?
what will be the problem then?
that your sister...
what are you doing here?
sister, actually I came to meet Aima
I had forgotten her assignment at home, so we came to get it
also Aima had asked me about her, so I thought to make her meer Aima
but Aima & aunty are not at home
they have gone to the market. They were discussing it in the morning, so I heard them
few guests are coming over in the evening to see Aima
that's why I came home early
I didn't know all of this
if you want you can call mom and ask her, that's why I..
come!
let me drop you home
No sister, but I've to go to the university. I have to submit the assignment too
yes, let me bring your assignment
madam, shall I serve the lunch?
only for Areeba
Ramsha will come in a while so I will eat with her, right now I am not hungry
Okay
assignment
let me get freshen up, then I will drop you
sister Areeba, come.. lets have lunch. I've served it
I am not hungry
sister, why are you getting upset? 
Madam is also crying because of you
you know she is not well
I am so stupid
I had forgotten in my pain that she is not well
you go, I am calling her
Ok
why did you leave university alone with Maheer?
as I said, he has to give me an assignment
you had to get an assignment? 
He could have it to you at home
I had to meet Aima as well
you wanted to meet Aima?
are you in your senses?
if you wanted to meet Aima, then you could have come at that time when I should have been present at home
or maybe someone else would have been at home. How can you go anywhere without informing anyone?
at least you should have informed mom
I didn't know that nobody is there in the house. Infact, I was about to leave the house at that time
as if really!
thank God that I came
if aunty or Faraz would have come, then don't know what they would have thought about you
I think, I made a mistake. I shouldn't have favored you
don't know where else do you go with Maheer after university
I don't go anywhere. It was my first time with him
I don't trust you anymore
by the way, why was your assignment with Maheer?
because he had made my assignment
Ramsha, haven't you gone mad!
Maheer is making your assignment as well
then why do you go to the university? when someone else will do your part of studies
No, I make my assignment myself
he is just the topper of my class, so he just helped me
and its about the time when I don't used to go to the university due to mom's ailment. He had just helped me
I don't like to say this
but my relation with Maheer is quite delicate, she is my brother in law
but Ramsha please understand
nobody in this world helps anyone without any means
what does Maheer wants from me?
if you aren't able to understand its meaning then
I am sorry...
but listen to me very carefully
today onwards you won't meet Maheer
and I don't like your frankness with Maheer to this extent
Maheer is my friend before your marriage
I know him before your marriage, right?
he helps me a lot, and there is nothing else
fine!
if the matter is about studies, then you & Maheer should be related to studies only
after university, you shouldn't have any association with Maheer
and if you didn't listen to me
then I will also the same that mom, sister Areeba & brother Saqlain wants
mom
how come madam had slept so quickly? Just now she was offering prayers
I know you are upset with me
I'm sorry
I forgot in my frustration that you are not well, and what you must be going through
mom
mom!
mom?
mom, open your eyes. I'm talking to you
mom!
mom, I am apologizing to you. Please open your eyes
why mom isn't talking?
what happened to you, madam?
mom?
bring some water.
mom, open your eyes
mom!
let me call Saqlain, you stay with mom
I mean, mom is not well and you have started to spend so much. You've grown up now, when will you understand this!
sister...
What sister?
Saqlain! mom's condition is quite serious, she isn't opening her eyes
what!
please come quickly
what happened to mom?
mom is not opening her eyes, don't know what had happened
what do you mean? mom!
get ready for the ETI
Mahnoor, nothing will happen to aunty. She will be fine
sure? will mom be fine?
I was afraid of this
that's why I was asking you to take a quick decision for the surgery
doctor, will my mother be fine? there isn't any problem, right?
the blood supply isn't getting towards heart because of blood clotting
it means, nothing can be done now
No, we are trying our level best
if you would have taken a quick decision then there wouldn't have been a massive heart attack
anyways, we are trying. We'll see when her surgery needs to be done, as per her condition
this old woman is such a stubborn soul
and this doctor! at that time she was making a lot of noise
that its impossible to save her from a heart attack
and now, she is giving us hope that nothing will happen to her. Wow!