Saqlain knows all of mother's medical history and he's the one who always takes mother to the hospital.
I'm sure Saqlain must have been satisfied by what the doctor said. Since that day mother has been feeling well too.
Don't worry... it's not such a big deal nowadays.
The medical field has become so advanced that installing stents has become an easy process
You don't understand. I'm worried about something else.
I don't understand why brother Saqlain lied.
It isn't possible that the doctor didn't discuss with him in detail about what happened to mother. Still, he lied to us.
Brother Saqlain didn't lie to you...
That night I talked to the doctor in secret. Brother Saqlain told me that there was a blockage in the arteries...
but brother Saqlain said that...
the medicine will cure everything and...
Mother's consultant is avoiding everything...
Every doctor has their own way of treatment.
So, what should I do now? What would you have done if you were in my place?
I would have taken a second opinion from another doctor. If that doctor had advised surgery, then I wouldn't lose a moment in agreeing.
Because my father was late...
He hid his pain from us.
The disease spread so much...
that we didn't get the chance to get him treated.
Who are you talking to?
That was... she's a friend of mine.
Is this any time to talk to a friend? Who's this friend of yours?
She's my university friend. She's a very good friend of mine.
I'm sure you must meet her at university then...
When you get to meet her during the day, why are you talking to her in the middle of the night?
Now I understand why my mother's health has declined after Mahnoor's marriage.
Saqlain is completely right about you. Your attention goes to unnecessary things.
You didn't take care of mother at all.
Shut off the lights and go to sleep. I don't want to see you talking on the phone again.
She's restless as well.
She's come into our home and become a dictator. How many things will she restrict me from doing?
She's driving me insane? One can't have a moment's peace in this house.
Are you happy now? I think by now all of your complaints must be gone.
We were together for a week and during that week I didn't talk to Areeba once.
Did you do a favor by doing that? I'm your wife and it's your responsibility to keep me happy.
To make you happy I can offer up my life as well.
Your life is very dear to me and I don't want that.
Look at this diamond necklace, I want this. It is a little expensive, but I hope its price won't bother you.
No, it's not that expensive. You'll get it, anything else?
Nothing... for now, I just want this.
Alright... let me visit home.
You're in quite a rush to meet Areeba.
You know that I don't even want to see her face, but I'm compelled to.
I can understand your compulsion, that's why I'm letting you go.
I should get going now...
Okay bye!
What's the problem? Why do you look so worried?
This is something to worry about.
He knows that we live here.
Who?
Rameez?
Yes... after you left, he's come around here two times.
Who gave him the address to this place?
I don't know.
If Saqlain finds out about this, he'll bury me alive.
We'll see what happens, let's take these bags inside and open them up.
Show me this one.
Sister, how do you understand these books? These look very complicated.
After your exams, I'll give you some books to read. They are more interesting than the digest you read.
Tell me, how are your exams going?
Just fine.
Why are you so upset? Are they not going well?
They are going just fine. After exams are over, college will be over too, and I'll have to stay home.
Why is that? Don't you have any intentions of furthering your studies?
I do... but mother has no interest in it. She just wants to get me married. She wouldn't even let me take the exams if she had found a match.
Why is your mother in such a rush to get married? After you complete your studies...
you can get married.
Do you know that as every day passes you're becoming my ideal?
I just want to become like you. I want to be independent, strong... educated...
You have a destination set in your mind. What I have to do is do kitchen work and then wash clothes. I'll continue doing that after I get married.
Look... marriage is necessary for life. I want you to get married, have a home, and lead a good life.
But before that, you need to do something for yourself as well.
Sister, talk to brother about this. Mother called my aunt to check for proposals on my behalf.
Auntie doesn't listen to me.
Where did you get this book from? I want this one.
How have you been doing?
I'm well, thanks to God.
Congratulations that you got Faraz married.
Thank you.
But it's disappointing that you didn't call me.
It all happened in such a rush.
It's good that you got Faraz married. Otherwise, my shoes had lost their soles in search of a match for him.
Didn't the daughter-in-law bring new furniture with her? Now that I look at it, the sofas seem old to me as well.
You said that they were wealthy people.
Yes, they are, but I refused a dowry.
You tell me, are you looking for a proposal for Aima, or are you still searching?
I started off proposals for Aima not once, but twice. By now I would have gotten her married...
if that thing hadn't happened.
Greetings*
You're back early today.
Yes... I went on a site visit. There wasn't much to do at work today, so I came back home.
Mahnoor, is that you?
Yes... how are you, auntie?
I'm well, thanks to God.
You know her...
Yes... I visit their home often.
I met with your mother a few days ago. She was very happy.
It's good that you married Faraz...
Your divorce had wilted your mother.
What did you say? Divorce?
Did you not know?
She was married?
She wasn't married, she just had the marriage ceremony.
The cursed man divorced her two days before she was set to leave her home.
I'm happy that Mahnoor and Faraz got married. Both of them have a home now.
Yes, mother, you asked me here? Did you want to ask me something?
I can't believe it, Faraz.
A great truth has been unveiled to us and you're not angry at all?
Because I knew this.
What?
You knew this, then why didn't you tell me?
Because it makes no difference to me.
Why doesn't it? What do you mean by that?
She's a divorcee and...
It's not a crime to be a divorcee.
It is not, but Mahnoor...
Mahnoor was not at fault for what happened. She is the victim.
How is it not her fault? I just talked to Shakeela a few moments ago and she told me that her ex-husband divorced her...
because she had an affair with someone and she didn't want to marry him.
Mother... you shouldn't focus on rumors. Not every rumor is true.
Why would Shakeela lie to me? Tell me, why would she lie to me?
She tried to marry her to someone. Her disgraceful tales are infamous in her neighborhood.
That's why she wasn't getting married.
Enough mother, don't ever repeat this.
Mahnoor is my wife and I will not hear anything bad about her.
The neighbors say a lot about me as well. And you're a witness that I was filed with a police case.
But... forget about raising a hand on that girl, I didn't even talk to her in a loud tone.
But what everyone says...
I'm a witness that you were not cruel to that girl and you didn't embarrass me.
But how can I be a witness to someone else's character?
That too of a person who I've only known for a few weeks. I don't know what she did in her past.
Mother!
Now I realize why her brother-in-law was so irritated by us.
Saqlain got her married in his family.
And because of her, the marriage was broken. Mahnoor humiliated him and now he's humiliating us!
He has been blinded!
It's my fault.
I never told mother anything about you, because this didn't matter to me...
It's alright.
For her, this is something huge.
It wouldn't have been if it wasn't exaggerated to her.
I apologize to you on my mother's behalf.
Please... don't feel bad.
I can't see you like this.
I feel pain...
when you feel pain.
How come you trust me so much?
You didn't know the truth as well.
Still, you took a stand for me in front of your mother.
It's exactly like how you trust me.
Mahnoor, I have enough sense in me to distinguish between lies and the truth.
It has become a way of ours that whenever we see an independent and strong woman we start picking apart her character.
In our society, this has become very prevalent. We don't think...
that accusing someone is a major sin.
Mahnoor, please forget all of these things... I'm honestly very embarrassed.
If I had shared this with mother earlier, then this wouldn't have happened today.
I'm really sorry.
Why are you crying?
It's nothing.
I just remembered some harsh moments from my life.
How was your time without me?
It was good... but I missed you.
Why would you have missed me? It had been so long since we went to stay at your home.
I'm sure you three must-have partied.
No, nothing special. You know Mahnoor stays busy at work all day.
And Ramsha spends half her day at university...
Yes, she has to earn and pay her in-laws' bills.
Anyways, how's auntie feeling? I was so busy with work that I forgot to ask about her.
Shall I ask you something?
Sure, what is it?
Is mother really well?
Mahnoor and Faraz met with a different specialist and he said that...
mother should have her surgery as soon as possible. The medicine can't treat her.
Did he say that in front of auntie?
No, he didn't say it in front of mother. We were sitting together...
Thank God... that auntie doesn't know about this.
That's what I expect from those fools. Auntie will surely be operated on...
If not today, then tomorrow... if not now, then maybe in a few months.
When she is mentally prepared for it.
Then why didn't you tell me this? I was shocked at how there can be two different things said on the same report.
Areeba you know I think before I speak.
Did you three take a look at yourselves back when that happened? I didn't think it was appropriate to tell you guys about this.
Besides... I was very occupied because of work. I needed to go to Turkey because of my business.
I decided that I would talk to you all about it when I come back.
But I don't know what rush Mahnoor and Faraz were in.
Poor Faraz took Mahnoor to the specialist to calm her down...
When did he become 'poor Faraz'?
He is a sly man and I want you to be cautious.
Mahnoor has always been naive and emotional.
And Faraz has entrapped her.
Faraz doesn't seem that way to me.
You can't judge him based on his appearance.
I meet such people in my line of work every day. They say something, think something else, and do something completely different.
People like him are very sly.
You'll see that Faraz's family will steal everything away from Mahnoor.
And they won't be able to do a thing about it. That's why I'm asking you to be cautious.
Look at my luck. The first daughter-in-law I brought destroyed our reputation...
the second time I married my son, his wife's deeds humiliated him in front of the entire world.
What has she done that you make an issue over every trivial thing?
Who said that is infamous? She's educated...
she has an officer's post.
She's right, for the first time in our lives... What's wrong with sister Mahnoor?
She's from a good family and she earns well. You should be grateful.
All of this has happened because of you. You are the one who convinced me into making this union.
Really... you're saying that like that bother Faraz would have listened to you if you had refused.
I was prideful in front of Shakeela.
I told her that I found a match for Faraz that was a thousand times better than the ones she had brought for him.
And look what I brought home.
Anyways... I will keep her in her place. 
How dare he defend his wife? He has half forgotten his mother.
He has gotten out of my hand. Pass this thread through the needle.
Greetings.
Greetings to you too.
Shall I make you tea?
No. Make it after a while.
Close this up and start the washing machine.
Pardon?
Why are you so surprised? It's not like I'm speaking in tongues...
No...
I mean... so early in the morning? I have to go to work, I'll come back and wash the clothes.
There will be a lot to do when you come back home. Aima is having her papers and you could be needed.
There is so much laundry.
I'll wash it myself.
No auntie, I'll wash it.
Mahnoor...
Yes?
These are some more clothes, they were in Mahir's room. Wash them as well.
Be careful... why don't you wash them with your hands.
He will get angry if his clothes get ruined.
Don't worry, I'll wash them by hand.
Thanks for dropping me off. You must be running late because of me.
Uh.. no, not at all... the party would be just starting now.
I think I am running late. I should get going, bye!
Where were you?
I was doing the laundry.
So early in the morning?
Yes...
Sorry...
Are you feeling well?
It's just a minor flu.
May I?
You have a fever. Please sit down here.
I think you've got a fever because you did the laundry so early in the morning.
No... I wasn't feeling well since last evening. It's just a flu.
The weather is changing. The wind is cold... why did you do the laundry today?
If I don't do these things, then who will?
Aima is preparing for her exams, auntie can't do such things anymore...
that's why I decided to do them.
I think we should hire a maid.
I'll talk to mother about it.
No please don't. If you do, she'll think that you're saying this for me.
Look... you're only burdened by your job. On top of that, you have your exams as well. If you add house chores to this...
It's not a problem... I will manage to do all of them...
Ever since I've come here, I've been trying to cut the distance between you and your mother.
Whatever indifference she has for me in her heart, I just want to drive it away.
Please... don't come in between me and your mother.
I... am not that weak. I can take care of myself.
I'm only silent because I don't...
want there to be any strain in any relationship.
You're completely right about that. You are very strong.
Sit down here, I'll make breakfast for you. Please relax.
Who was that guy? Don't lie to us! We saw you coming in with him.
Why are you silent, why aren't you speaking up?
Mother...
Speak... does he speak with you in university? Were you speaking with him that night?
Do you have an affair with him?
Areeba...
Ramsha, I'm disappointed that you've done everything that Mahnoor did.
We sent you to university to study. The disappointing thing is that you learned nothing from Mahnoor's life.
Such friendships in university are nothing but time pass.
Those guys lose nothing, but girls like you lose their reputation.
Mother...
Find a good match for her and get her married immediately.
She won't go to university anymore. She'll stay at home.
Sister, it's not like how you think it is. You have it wrong.
You don't go to university to study...
I know why you go there and I won't let you succeed.
Alright enough. Don't take so much stress.
Don't we have enough tension?
Auntie sit down, you too.
Go and bring water for them both. Go!
I can't believe that Ramsha...
Don't worry...
I'll sort this out.
There's nothing to sort out. Find a match for him and marry her off.
Alright, we'll find a match for her as well.
Auntie, where's Mahnoor? She hasn't come here yet. I asked you to call her here because I wanted to talk about something important.
I asked her to come here but she wasn't well today.
I called her, she was sick. She didn't even go to work today
They are cruel to her.
She goes to work and I'm sure she looks after the home as well. I can't believe the type of people there are in the world.
I could never imagine taking a share of my wife's salary.
Where's the water?!