This? Did you see this?
What news is circulating on social media about you? Everybody is asking me in the university whether you actually harassed that girl?
How should I tell them that, that girl is like this.
No.
How dare you trash talk about Mahnoor? If you say anything wrong about Mahnoor again, I'll rip your tongue out.
What is happening?
Was this only left? That wretched woman made you two brothers right today.
God destroys those women who destroy somebody else's happiness.
Mom, brother is right. Mahnoor isn't at fault. She was only trying to help.
Its my fault. There was such a good proposal for you and you lost your job.
God knows whether you'll find another job or not.
Who give you the permission to file a fake case of harassment against Faraz on my behalf?
What is this tine you're talking to my husband in?
Have you lost your mind? Have you forgotten the relationship or respect that he should be given?
Yes. I've forgotten everything. I only remember the insult I'm facing because of him.
Who told you to interfere in my personal life?
Mom..
Do you hear her nonsense?
Mahi how are you talking to Saqlain? He's like your elder brother.
As it is Saqlain, you shouldn't have done this. This was her office matter. Now she feels insulted in her office.
She's feeling insulted today?
When all of us have been feeling insulted since last year.
Mahnoor I didn't see you roaming around with Faraz. The neighbors and the family saw and they questioned me.
Who is that boy and what relation does he have with Mahnoor? I told you earlier as well, don't spoil the office reputation because of that boy.
Had you set your limit then, he wouldn't have threatened you. I was forced to take this step.
Had she known her limit,
She would have been at Ashir's house. Mom you known Erum aunt taunted so much. She was grateful that her son didn't marry her.
I'm the one who is grateful
The way she exploited me for this proposal, she would have exploited me my entire life and only because of you.
You're answering me back? I'm insulted because of you everyday. We cannot face anybody in the neighborhood.
You tell me. Is there anyone in the family who wants to meet us? No.
First Wasay, then divorce from Ashir and now Faraz. 
This is all Saqlain's doing.
He escalated the matter and its because of him that Faraz's name is being associated with me on social media and the news.
And yet you went to the police station to release him.
Now you're so sympathetic towards him that you forgot your insult.
Yes because its my personal matter.
So you agree that you have something personal going on with Faraz.
And whatever the people are saying is true.
Fine. Whatever everybody is saying is true.
Faraz is my friend. You say he's cheap and low class and yet I like him. Do you know why?
Because he's much better than a lot of high profile people. He's not a hypocrite.
And you people can understand whatever you want to after this statement of mine.
What did you say? You said no earlier and now suddenly? We're already being insulted and now,
we'll be more insulted. People will talk.
I don't understand what I said. I don't understand whats going on. I can't think.
When I told them there was nothing but nobody believed me. Everybody wanted to here there was something so I said that. Now they can do anything they want to.
I'm already worried about my office. I have so much stress and now this..
Please..
See how she agreed. First she was negating everything.
Areeba, don't finalize anything because Mahi was angry.
Mom, a person always tells the truth when he's angry.
And the control Mahnoor has on herself, do you think she said it because she was emotional?
I thought Faraz was stalking Mahnoor but here, Mahnoor is interested in him.
I made a mistake to understand the situation.
You didn't do anything wrong. You tried to save her from a thug.
Do you know mom? What is Faraz background?
Let everything be. Why do you have to discuss all this?
Why should I? This is something not to be ignored. Mom should know about all this.
She will not believe all this. Let it be.
Areeba tell me who that boy is. I have asked Mahi a couple of times but,
she doesn't tell me. What is it that you're hiding from me?
Mom, I'll tell you. That boy was married earlier.
He left his wife after a few months and everybody in his neighborhood knows about that. He's a very cheap man.
He filed the report so that if there was something, he would leave Mahnoor alone.
I made a mistake I shouldn't have filed the report.
Its between them. I shouldn't have come in between. The truth is different here.
Mom, please stop Mahnoor. She might take another stupid decision. Do you know?
He has found a very good proposal for Mahnoor.
No. Please leave it.
Whenever we tried to do anything good for Mahnoor, she did as she pleased. Let her do that this time as well.
I cannot tolerate anymore insult.
Everybody is talking about you on social media. Everybody in the university is asking me whether my brother harassed that girl. What can I say that girl is like that.
Hello? Yes. I'm speaking.
Really?
Thank you sir. Yes. Okay sir. Okay.
Thank you. Thank you.
Faraz..
Thank you sir. Yes. Okay sir. Okay.
Thank you. Thank you.
Faraz..
Mom, the GM called. He has resumed my job. I'll go to the office from tomorrow.
Really?
Yes.
Thank God. This problem has gone away.
Here, take this milk and medicine with it.
Yes. Mahi, I want to talk to you.
Mom, I don't want to talk to you. I know very well what you'll say to me.
Dear, there's a very good proposal for you. The boy works for the Civil Services. They're good, respectable people like us and they know everything about you. I've asked Saqlain..
To bring them whenever they want to come.
Does Saqlain know this boy?
Yes but..
Then I reject this proposal. Tell them not to bother coming here.
But Mahi I really like this proposal.
If Saqlain has brought this proposal how will it be good for me? He has never thought well for me. Ever.
I believe, he isn't thinking the best for me. He has some hidden motives for my destruction in this proposal as well.
But Mahi why would he do this? Is he your enemy?
He has always wanted the best for us.
Mom if you want to think of him as God, go ahead. But tell him to stay away from my life and everything else.
Otherwise don't tell me tomorrow when I misbehave with him.
There's a very good proposal for you.
The boy works for the Civil Services. They're good, respectable people like us and they know everything about you.
Can I come in?
Yes please.
Welcome back.
Thank you so much. If you hadn't done so much effort I wouldn't have gotten my job back.
You can even say that had I not been there, this wouldn't have happened.
Oh well. Lets get back to work. The site has been emailing regarding the delay in delivery. Check the material backup and make a requisition if you need anything.
Thank you.
Listen? Listen? 
What happened?
Don't you need the money?
No I don't need them right now. Keep them safe.
No. So much money is at home since so many days...
The contractor isn't back so once he is, I'll give him the money.
Then do one thing. Deposit this money in the bank. Get them out when you need them. I get tensed.
What do you think its safe to deposit and credit money for the contractor again and again? The money is safe at home. Its only for a few days.
No. I am worried. Ever since you started work in Hyderabad. You're often late and you don't even come come for at least two nights in a week.
Then what do you want? Should I leave everything and sit at home with you?
No I didn't mean this. I was just worried about they money..
Its amazing. Women are happy when their husbands are busy. Do you want me to sit at home sitting at home?
Or should I keep solving your family problems?
No. I didn't mean this.
Don't clarify. I'm doing everything for you and a better lifestyle for you so that people be envious of you.
People are still envious of me.
What do I not have and everything is because of you.
See Areeba try and understand, its new business and I have to give time. Please complaint a little less.
You should learn from women whose husband's do multiple businesses and stay out of town for months at a time.
I am happy with you.
I cannot stay happy without you. I will not complain again and bother you.
Alright.
But I am worried.
Sir may I come in?
Come.
Sir you have taken this decision, how can you be satisfied with rehiring a harasser?
Mr. Hammad you've forgotten that this was all a misunderstanding.
Mahnoor has taken back the complaint that her brother in law filed against Faraz which is why we've taken this decision.
Sir what does taking the complain back mean? It won't lessen the defamation following Faraz. Everybody in the office is talking about them and that they have an affair.
Mr. Hammad.
You're crossing your limits.
Ms. Mahnoor, I know my limits. I'm just saying what everyone else is saying. You should have been careful about it.
Right now everybody is talking about your and Faraz's affair. Your divorce is the centre of attraction.
In this situation, putting in a word for Faraz has only confirmed the fact that...
Mr. Hammad you're being very personal with Ms. Mahnoor. This isn't how you should be reacting.
I am thinking for their best. I'm being sympathetic. I agree that the company's reputation was compromised but you and the board of directors tolerated it but doesn't miss Mahnoor care for her own reputation?
Sir for a girl, its very important to be careful about such things. Especially when she has been labeled a divorcee.
Snd on top of that she has an affair with her colleague. Tell me who will marry such a girl, sir?
Or perhaps Ms. Mahnoor doesn't bother about her reputation and is only concerned about her career.
Enough Mr. Hammad.
I have been listening to you quietly for a long time, silently. But this doesn't mean you're right and Ms. Mahnoor and I are wrong.
You're a senior manager and you're ridiculing your colleague? What concerns do you have with Mahnoor's marriage or divorce or have you opened a marriage bureau.
Stay in your limits Faraz..
This is for your best.
I stay in my limits and you cross all yours because you're one grade senior than me?
You have no idea what people are saying about you.
 I'll break off everyone's face if they something wrong about Ms. Mahnoor.
I will marry Ms. Mahnoor.
And then I'll see who bad mouths her. I'll tend to that person.
Whoever says anything bad about Ms. Mahnoor. I'll break their face off. I'll marry her.
Mom why did you have to tell Mahnoor that Saqlain brought the proposal. But no matter who brings a proposal, Mahnoor will do as she pleases.
And as it is, Mahnoor told us that day what she wanted.
No. Areeba, Mahnoor was angry that day. I talked to Ramsha. She said Mahnoor told her, herself.
Only Mahnoor knows whats in her heart. But I'm upset that she said no to such a good proposal because she was being stubborn.
I really wanted Mahnoor to accept that proposal.
Don't say no to Saqlain just yet.
I will try and talk to Mahnoor again.
You're saying as if she listens and agrees to everything you say. She's incurring a loss for herself.
She is already getting us disrespected and now she'll suffer.
But what is it to us? Saqlain is very nice. God has given him a big heart. See how rude Mahnoor is with Saqlain but he..
he's always positive. Oh well. I forgot in all this,
This is my valuable for you to keep safe.
What is it?
Mahnoor's money that we took for construction. I'll take it when Saqlain needs it. So much cash was at home, I couldn't sleep peacefully. I just couldn't.
Please keep it with you. You have no problem, right?
No problem. Dear. But I was thinking that..
I'll ask Saqlain to give the money back to Mahnoor. She's about to get married so we can use it for the preparations.
Yes, you're right. Whatever you think is fine, discuss with Saqlain yourself.
Now mom, I'll leave. I have to go to the mall and it'll be late when I get home. 
But at least drink this juice.
No mom. I'm getting late. You take care. Bye.
Bye.
You too take care dear.
Yes.
Sir I think I should resign now.
Mahnoor, I didn't think you were an emotional person. Whatever Hammad did was uncalled for.
I have talked to Mr. Hammad in detail. He'll apologize to you as well. He targeted you while discussing this matter in a negative light.
But Faraz I didn't expect this of you. You're talking about marrying Mahnoor, do you want to prove the accusations correct?
Sir I just want nobody to criticize Ms. Mahnoor. Nobody should assassinate her character.
Mr. Faraz.
This isn't your duty to stop people who talk behind my back. I have a tongue in my mouth for that and the authority as well.
Whatever we discussed today should end today. Do you understand Faraz? I expect you'll not repeat this mistake again.
Its looking good.
Lets get it.
Excuse me.
Hello?
Yes, the money is at home. Be careful. Don't make a mistake.
Remember one thing, if you hurt my wife, I'll not spare you.
Alright, tell me when the work is done.
Hello?
Listen, where are you?
Hyderabad.
I thought you were here at the mall.
What are you saying? Didn't I tell you I was in Hyderabad. I was sitting in the meeting in my office.
You must be mistaken.
I think I might be mistaken. 
No. If you don't trust me, I'll video call you right now. You'll see I'm in my office.
What are you saying? Why won't I trust you?
I think I might be mistaken.
Okay tell me when will you get home?
I will just grab a few things and then I'll go home.
Okay. Go home and call me that you're home safe.
Alright. Will you come home today?
Will you stay there?
Yes I'll come home. Don't worry and take care.
Bye.
Bye.
Was I mistaken really?
No. It was Saqlain. But..
He was with some girl.
But who was she?
No. It was certainly..
Quiet.
Who are you and how did you come in?
I'll shoot you.
What do you want?
We'll take what we want. Don't worry.
Where is the cupboard?
Come on.
Don't even try. I'll shoot you. Where is the money?
In the cupboard.
Where are the cupboard keys? Get them out.
They're here.
Open the cupboard. Hurry up.
Please move it to the side. I'm opening it.
Be quiet. Sit here and don't move.
Where is the money?
In my purse.
Not this. Where is that two and a half million?
Whatever I have is in my bag.
You're lying.
If you don't believe me. Please check.
Check it.
Don't take this please. Don't take it..
I found it. Lets go now.
Saqlain..
Saqlain, answer your phone. Please.
Mahnoor.. Mahnoor...
Mahnoor...
Isn't your wife calling you a little too much today?
Its been the whole day and she's calling continuously.
Its all your fault.
I've told you a thousand times don't roam around freely with me, someone will see us.
Areeba saw you with me because you wanted me to take you shopping.
She's calling me again and again to confirm where I am.
How long will you hide our relationship from everyone?
How long will our relationship be limited to these four walls?
What do you lack here? Luxuries. Everything. All your wishes are fulfilled.
Why do you want there to be disaster in my life? Let everything be as it is.
But..
Its best for you and me.
Where are you going now?
I have a meeting. Its important to reach on time.
Did he leave?
Yes he left.
How long will he keep meeting you like this? Why don't you ask him to marry you?
I've done that like ten times but he doesn't listen.
I don't force him much because what if he gets fed up and leaves me?
Let everything be. See how much Saqlain made me shop. See.
Shopping?
Yes. He looks after me more than his wife.
What nonsense is this?
How dare you hold my collar?
Whatever you did today, I feel like breaking your face off.
What did I do? What?
You lied to us.
What did I lie about?
There was not a single penny in your cupboard and neither did your wife have any.
You've lost your mind.
I kept that money in front of my eyes. You might have not checked it properly.
We checked everything. There was nothing except this necklace.
Saqlain. We have old business relations and that's why I sent them to your house as thieves.
I could have gotten the money from you very easily. But you deceived me. Do you even realize?
Had your wife called the police they would have been trapped.
I didn't deceive you. But perhaps,
you'll get your payment. Don't worry about that.
I have never stopped your money and I'll never do it too.
Mom?
My mind wasn't working. They had a gun.
You did very good that you didn't retaliate or argue with them.
Tell me. Where is Saqlain? He should have been at home.
He has gone to Hyderabad.
I did talk to him in the morning and after that..
he didn't answer his phone. I didn't understand anything Mahnoor so I called you.
I think we should inform the police immediately.
I don't know when will Saqlain come.
Hello.
Hello.
Wow everybody is here. You should have messaged me. I would have come earlier.
Why didn't you answer my phone? I called you so many times.
I was in a meeting Areeba. You do know I was in Hyderabad.
Why are you crying? Is everything okay?
There was a robbery in your house, Saqlain.
What?
Please stop crying. Please.
Areeba the money in the cupboard. Did the thieves take them?
Mahnoor's money is with mom. Thank God.
I took the money and kept it with mom because I felt worried keeping such a big amount at home.
I was worried. Thank God.
Mahnoor's money was saved but the thieves took the necklace you gave me on our anniversary.
Areeba I'll buy you hundred new necklaces. What matters is that you're safe.
Exactly
And I'm happy that Mahnoor's money was saved.
But..
I don't understand one thing.
How did they know that we had kept two and a half million rupees in our cupboard?