yes? 
say, whatever you wanted to say to me
have you forgotten how to respect your elders as soon as you left the the house? 
you have also forgotten how to talk to your elder brother
greetings!
greetings to you too! 
how are you?
how am I looking to you?
you are looking so nice in this luxurious house 
do pray for me whenever you offer prayers
that because of me you got married into such a house 
where you'll spend your entire life in luxuries
otherwise that Maheer 
what he could give you?
nothing!
take this
talk to your sister Areeba
she was getting worried about you
and talk to Mahnoor as well
what if she calls brother Toqeer & annoy him while searching for you
Okay
why have you made such a lost face?
you are married now
in a good family so stay happy
brother Toqeer was also complaining to me that you stay quiet & don't talk at all
had he complained to you about me?
Ramsha, doing a discussion about you isn't complaining
he is concerned
that's why he had discussed this with me
stay happy in your house
and be careful about one thing
brother Toqeer shouldn't get to know anything about Maheer
otherwise my position will be so awkward in front of him
I hope you understand
what advise you are giving her?
what advise a brother can give to her sister?
I was explaining her that now she is married
so she should stay happy in her house. She should keep her husband happy & she should obey him. That's it!
there is no need to take care of her tantrums
if she doesn't agrees in a loving manner then be strict with her
otherwise she will be spoiled
its not in my nature
As it is, one should try with love first. Right?
sit... lets talk
you wanted to discuss something about a problem
how is Maheer now?
he is better now
has the fever got down?
yes
what did the doctor say?
the doctor said, its just a viral
my son got unwell due to worries
few days ago he was beaten by the police at the police station
and since yesterday he is grieving about expelling from the university
mom, God willing Maheer will be fine. Don't worry
I pray to God that he gets well soon
Faraz, what if he gets into depression
you should have made him eat something, he hasn't eaten anything since yesterday
we have fed him already. He is sleeping now after taking the medicine
yes tell me, who are you?
is this your house?
who are you?
my name is Wasay
I'm sure you are Saqlain
Mahnoor's brother in law
oh! So you are Wasay
I know you very well although I have never seen you
its you whom Mahnoor had an affair with
anyways, why you came here?
because Mahnoor doesn't live here anymore as she is married
I know she is married
last time I had dropped her in front of this house
really! and when did it happen?
look, for God sake stop following her
already her life has become so difficult because of you
whatever you did with her earlier after that...
I hadn't done anything with Mahnoor
isn't she happy in her life?
is she in pain?
pain!
pain is a very small word
what!
earlier, she got divorced because of you
when my cousin Ashir got to know that she had an affair with you
He divorced her
now think, which man can accept a wife with her boyfriend
if this was the matter then why Mahnoor didn't tell me?
She was...
you know how stubborn she is
she has ruined her life because of her contumacy
she got married to such a licentious guy whose name is Faraz
in fact, we were thinking that the reason behind the divorce with Ashir is you so..
after divorce she'll marry you
but don't know when Faraz had trapped her
and today, he is spending a luxurious life on her earning
look, I have a request
stop following Mahnoor
already her life has become a living hell because of you
what if her family gets ruined once again after knowing about you
if Faraz gets to know about you then... he is such a crazy & mad guy!
he used to beat his first wife as well
what if after knowing about he starts doing the same things with Mahnoor
Mahnoor is living with such a guy!
every person doesn't have a good man in their fate
the poor girl is so unfortunate
Okay, can you please give me her office address?
No, I cannot give you her address. I am sorry
please I request you
I just want to meet Mahnoor once
She isn't receiving my call
otherwise I wouldn't have come here
ok fine, if you are requesting a lot then let me give you her address, but I request you
Mahnoor shouldn't get to know that I've told you everything about her life
she will get upset with me for no reason
don't you worry, I will not tell her
write down the address
thank you!
I really appreciate it
you are so bad Saqlain
very bad
*greetings!*
We are Maheer's friends
yes, I know
We are here to meet Maheer. Is he home right now?
Maheer is at home, but actually is not feeling well
but you guys please come in
do you know who came outside just now?
who was it?
your sister's old lover, Wasay!
what!
yes
I asked him that why he came here, so he replied that Mahnoor has told him to come here whenever he wants to meet her
its impossible!
he is lying to you for sure
No, its me who is lying to you
I haven't said that you are lying
Mahnoor can never call him here for the meeting
because she knows it very well that we are living here & we can get to know about it
your sister Mahnoor is so concerned about our honor. She is quite afraid of you & me, right?
and she fears that what if hers or our respect get tarnished
do you remember, that day she came back home with some Wasay
that madam didn't think for a second that if someone from the neighbors will ask her
that you are already married, then who is this guy with whom you are roaming around
yes
already Mahnoor isn't scared of anyone
she meet Wasay secretly and Faraz is unaware of it
I've told him to stay away from Mahnoor, because earlier Mahnoor got divorced because of him & then
a guy like Faraz became a part of our family
otherwise, there is a lot of difference between Faraz & my cousin Ashir
his family is a complete gangster's family
Ramsha had saved his brother after keeping a condition, otherwise I wouldn't have spared him
and today when I met your sister Ramsha at her house. By looking at her face, it feels as if she was mourning
did you meet Ramsha?
yes
I had gone to return her the phone
also I requested her that you sisters are dying to talk to you, so kindly call them
also I had complain brother Toqeer that he shall give us a bit respect as we are relatives now
but that poor guy started complaining about Ramsha
oh!
what was he complaining about?
that Ramsha is always in a bad mood
what I should have told him? that she is missing Maheer
anyways..
I have tried to explain her while begging her to remove Maheer from her heart
only this is better for her
if I'll talk to her then I'll explain her too
as if your sisters listen to you advise
by the way Areeba, Wasay is such a rich man
he had brought a lot of security with him
today when I saw him I felt so sorry
I wish I hadn't come in between Mahnoor & Wasay at that time and would have let them got married
at least we could have been saved from this Faraz
but at that time you were saying that he doing time pass with Mahnoor
he is still doing time pass
meeting a married woman, isn't time pass?
and a married woman
meets stranger men then...
I feel so ashamed while saying it..
Who was at the door?
a few of Maheer friends are here. So I've sent them to Maheer's room
Okay
anyways, its good
they'll talk to him & comfort him
then maybe there is a possibility that my son gets well
He has been so quiet since so many days
Mahnoor, please try that the university shall allow him to continue his studies
my son's future will be ruined this way
dear look I...
I beg you
aunty please, don't do this
I will try that Maheer shall get the readmission on the basis of his academic record
I will help you in whatever manner is required, please don't worry
thank you so much
please don't make me feel guilty by saying this
Aima
Maheer, what have you made your condition?
Maheer, I had called you almost fifty times but you didn't received my single call
why aren't you talking to me?
are you fine?
I had talked to my father about you
although he was a bit upset
but he said that he'll try
upset?
but why?
because the police came to our house in his absence
guard had told him everything that you & Ramsha had stayed at my house
so what?
Ok tell me, did you get any update on Ramsha? How is she?
just now I met your sister-in-law, I felt like asking her about Ramsha
but I couldn't gather courage
she got married
what!
what?
yes
in order to save me from a false case
She had married an old man
just on his brother-in-law's insistence
Maheer, what are you saying?
I'm telling the truth
whatever injustice is done to her, only I'm responsible for it
I feel like killing myself, but what shall I do!
I cannot stay alive in this guilt
Maheer, why are you holding yourself responsible?
you had been in love with her truly, right?
and both of you wanted to get married
and this is not a sin
yes Ansa is right, Ramsha's family did injustice to her as well as with you
if there wasn't any case on you then the university wouldn't have taken any step
even you are right
you are just bearing the consequences of the love that you did with Ramsha
who doesn't deserve you, nor Ramsha
in order to save me from a false case
She had married an old man
just on his brother-in-law's insistence
whatever injustice is done to her, only I'm responsible for it
whose phone it was?
nobody's
but your phone was ringing
actually I was setting the ring tone
are you hiding something from me?
No, why will I hide anything from you?
so why are you getting so nervous, what is the matter?
actually...
I feel so scared
Do you feel scared of me?
but why?
I love you a lot & take very good care of you
why are you scared of me?
its just...
that I feel so scared of you
but I have never been angry on you
and pray that a time will never come when I'll become angry on you
are you getting me?
Ok show me your phone
yes?
show me your phone!
Ok
Sir, your phone has been ringing outside since so long
don't come to my room without permission
always seek permission!
sorry sir, I made a mistake
Stupid!
how is your mood now?
what happened to my mood?
that day it was quite bad
its not mine but your mood gets off whenever we talk about divorcing Areeba
you start scolding me
why are you after one thing?
there was a time when you were after me
and you were restless to get married to me
and today!
its been a lot of time to our marriage
but neither I hold any importance or value in your life
what's with you!
you are the queen of my heart
such dialogues seems nice in the stories
in reality, a woman holds importance in a man's life at that time when he accepts her in front of the entire world courageously
and Saqlain, you don't have this courage
I do have courage
if I want, I can tell everyone about you right away
your promises are never ending, and my life will end
So Fariya, what do you want?
I just want you to divorce Areeba
and give my right to me, end of discussion!
Okay fine, I'll divorce her
Besides, whatever work I had with her is already done
and I've already made her sisters life a living hell!
So, it doesn't make any difference if she exists or not
I am concerned about Areeba, her sisters may go to hell!
Ok fine, give me a few days. Let me get the divorce papers made, I'll leave her within a few days
are you telling the truth?
yes, I am
Fine then!
then call the lawyer in front of me & get the divorce deed ready
oh Fariya you...
as I said...
Ok fine, I'm calling him right away
put on the speaker
here you go, happy?
yes, Saqlain speaking
I want you prepare divorce deed for me
happy?
yes
let me bring something for you to eat
Okay listen
you are really looking like a queen
thank you!
All praise to God
shall I go now?
leave me
where have I kept the keys!
sister Salma
I had kept them here
maam, did you call me?
yes, you have to go to my house with me
all good?
yes, all good
Saqlain is getting some important construction work done at home
Okay
SO we'll stay here for a few days
I am thinking to go to my house to get a few important stuff
don't know for how many more days I've to stay here. So that I don't face any problem later
I had kept my house keys here, but I can't find them
look, they are inside the bag
let's go
We'll come back in a while
Okay, lets go
let's go! let me call Saqlain
Saqlain, I'm going to our house for a while to get a few important things
Okay tell me, haven't you asked the labors to work there as of yet?
yes... Okay, I'm leaving then
bye!
let's go
how much do you trust me?
more than myself
will you support me in every situation?
always
Sure?
yes
promise?
promise
I've talked to Sir Aleem
what did he say?
he gave a very nice response
there are 80% chances that brother Yasir will get the job
rest he will give the interview then God willing, he will get a job
hmm..
maam...
what happen?
somebody has come to meet you
who is it?
He is telling his name as Wasay
maam, he is having a fight in the guards office. Please come & see
let me see
yes
do you have any idea that you've done such a childish act by coming to my office
its such an inappropriate act
I wanted to meet you, Mahnoor
I wanted to talk to you
I don't want to meet you or talk to you
what do you want? Why are you after ruining my hard earned respect?
I had told you clearly that I work in this office along with my husband
just now he saw you outside
actually, I couldn't see anyone except for you Mahnoor
for God sake Wasay, stop talking such emotional things in front of me
why don't you get it?
I've moved on in my life, and your words doesn't mean anything at all
you are not happy in your life, right?
who said this to you that I'm not happy
your eyes are telling me, Mahnoor
that you are suffering a lot
that person is not capable enough for you whom you've chosen as your life partner
your status is quite high
and your husband doesn't matches it a bit