Brother Saqlain, have this sweet. You haven't had it
I'll have it if you'll insist but what is it for?
Sister has got a commercial manager job in a big company
What?
yes! Its a renowned company.
When they saw sister's hard-work and dedication, they immediately offered sister a managerial position.
Wow! Many congratulations!
Thank you brother Saqlain
You have started flying leaving the house
Its just the start. Real achievement would be when I have handled everything well.
For now they have kept me on 3 month probation period. Job will be permanent after that
Mother, you didn't even tell me
If we hadn't come today, we won't have found out
No my child, I was going to tell you. When Saqlain called and said that you are coming here ..
Then I thought to tell you once you are here
What has happened to you?
Why are you complaining about the past. Leave it. We should be happy for Mahnoor
After all, this is first achievement of her life
We all went through a lot of pain in last few days.
Mahnoor has suffered the most
We should be happy for her. You too. Infact, we all should celebrate it today
I was saying the exact thing to sister Mahnoor to give us treat. She has got the job
Take it from her when her job would be permanent. Today, I will take you all out
Hey!
what you?
can't I give treat?
Get ready everyone quickly. We'll go outside and have a nice dinner
Auntie you too get ready
Umm .. I?
Look, I won't listen to anything else. I have told you all that we will go together and have a nice dinner
fine?
hmm
now go get ready
At least take tea
Come my child, we are getting late
Where is this Ramsha? Come quickly. Bring my shawl too
Shall we go?
Be quick
I don't trust it.
He is the same brother Saqlain who had problems all the time. Today he is celebrating your achievement.
Mother, do pray for me
My child, all my prayers are for you both.
May God make things easy for you.
Do pray that may God keep me strong
Success can be achieved after getting out of these troubles.
I want to overcome all my troubles
May God give you strength and courage
Thank you mother! I'll leave now.
And Ramsha fill the forms I have kept so that your university matter can be solved
fine!
bye!
bye!
Close the gate
You go, I'll do it
Hello sir!
Come in, have a seat
Thank you!
This is for the first time that we hired a female on a senior position in our office.
After all, women work so hard and take education. They deserve it
Isn't it?
Absolutely! Usually companies don't consider women for managerial roles
because they think that they stay busy at house chores.
And they can't handle the stress
On top of that, they get married.
Absolutely!
Well sir, I think we should change this stereotype thinking.
Otherwise, even a man is not free from responsibilities of a family
Then why should kitchen be a hurdle between a woman's success.
Anyways, I think its a separate debate.
You are absolutely right, Ms Mahnoor
Assistant manager of department will assist you
and share details of all the on-going projects
sure sir!
Beenish please, show Ms. Mahnoor her room. Thank you!
come in
Greetings
Greetings
My name is Faraz
Oh! Are you staff head of commercial department, right?
yes, and you are department head?
I was waiting for you. Please have a seat
Thanks!
Sorry madam, I got a little late today. I had some work
Its okay! I hope everything is alright
yes!
Actually my mother wasn't well. She's diabetic
Oh! I see .. May God give her health
Amen! Thank you
Mr. Faraz, Mr. Ahmed has transferred me this file for quotation
yes, I do have the hard copy
Can I see?
sure!
Hey careful! Careful
Sir, I'll clean it up
Thank you!
Thank you! I'll join you in some time
Right!
Rizwan, check this file. I find something missing
what?
Did you notice something?
He tried impressing boss as soon as he came
When boss would find out his reality, then it will be wasted
whatever it is. But he did impress
Greetings
Greetings!
Fine, I will ..
Isn't it burnt too much?
No madam, not much. It will be fine in some days.
Are you sure?
Anyways, thanks a lot. To keep me safe you burnt yourself.
no madam, someone else would have done the same.
that's very kind
madam, I'm taking out some reports. I will visit you in 5 to 10 minutes
sure, take your time
See, I told you that he has impressed her
if this is how girls are impressed then his previous girl friends would have stayed. He had 4 of them.
No, I won't let this thing go so easily.
I should create some chaos and humiliation.
So that the misconception Mahnoor has created about me would fade away
I wanted to see Mahnoor crying and defeated
so that I could take revenge of my insult.
Anyways, she has been insulted a lot.
But now she's busy in her work
Even then she won't stop creating hurdles for me, then I'd see her
Aima? Aima?
What happened mother? What did they say?
They didn't answer but directly refused
what? They refused too? but why?
yes
when they left our house, they asked around the neighborhood.
Then they refused saying that
there must be some truth regarding stories of our boy
When everything is false.
Someone should ask us
May God teach that woman a lesson.
She didn't come with the intention of making a house.
But destroyed reputation of my son before leaving
its been a year that we have been looking for proposals.
People consider men wrong. It is him who is wrong
How do we prove that our Faraz wasn't at fault
Bring water
No, I read it in that letter. It was really him
You said that he comes after Kiran
How would I know?
Thankfully, I got that letter.
If brother Saqlain had got it instead of me then there would be chaos
Don't you remember when brother Saqlain stopped me from coming to college after he saw him?
If he hadn't come to know that it was Kiran he was after then he would have stopped my university admission too
Don't you know him?
I'm feeling very anxious
wow mother, tea is great
how was your day?
It was good
you must be tired
no, how can I get tired of sitting on a chair?
Also, I used to stay out for this much time even before
my child, if the responsibility is big it does make a person tired mentally.
I'm fine. Where is Ramsha?
I asked her to help you. Did she?
She hasn't even left her room since morning.
She didn't even show me her face let alone help
I told her. Let me ask her. Ramsha? Ramsha?
Here she is. Now ask her
What is mother saying? I asked you to help mother with house chores.
Mother is saying that you didn't even leave the room. Why?
What is it? Why do you look like this?
She looks like this always
Actually, I was having head ache. So I took medicine and slept
Tell me have you filled your admission form?
I have
Will I get admission?
Why not? You got such good marks. You will definitely get admission
I wish this is what happens
Mother, tell me what to make for dinner?
My child, you must be tired. I and Salma would handle it
I'm not tired. You handle all the chores the whole day and work.
I'm here now. Let me handle my responsibility
I'm taking it because you made a delicious tea. I'll change and go to kitchen
O brother Faraz? When did you come?
Just now
I didn't even know it. What happened to your hand?
Nothing. Tea spilled on me in office
Its burnt a lot. Did you put ointment?
Yes I did. Its fine. Tell me, did you check mother's sugar?
Sugar is normal
How is she feeling today?
She is fine. But she has taken stress again because of what auntie Shakeela said.
I'm worried if she'd get sick again.
Mother is strange. She is after one thing.
If she wants to look for proposal of someone, it should be you.
Ask her to find for you
So that we'll get you married once you have completed your graduation
You will also get married, tomorrow if not today. You won't stay alone the whole life
It isn't that difficult.
Also, after the bad experience I have gone through, it isn't easy for me to trust someone
Ask mother to stop worrying about me. I'm satisfied with life
I don't care what someone says or thinks about me
Shall I put these clothes? I have pressed them
Yes! Thanks
you're welcome
Hey be careful! Careful
I'll clean it just now
what is it Ramsha? You look upset
No, I'm fine.
Tell me truly. Don't tell a lie
No, there is nothing
Look, you get caught when you lie. Tell me what it is. I'm your sister. You can share it with me
umm
Tell me what happened?
That guy used to only follow me earlier. Now he comes after me
What is it?
Nothing!
Why are you being nervous? I'm not hitting you. Just asking
Nothing! I was just looking
I saw you the other day following Ramsha's van
Do you like Ramsha?
yes .. umm
I did read your letter. Your writing is really bad
Girls are impressed more by what you show them. Next time if you write a letter, focus more on your writing.
Auntie, I was leaving so I thought to give you the rent
If you have made grocery listen then give it to me
yes I ..
Greetings!
Mahnoor, you are at home? I thought you must be in office
I come back home by 6
By the way, how is your job going? When are they giving you a car?
you get a car after being permanent. Its my probation period going on right now
By the way, if you need anything tell me without hesitation. 
Although I know that you don't consider me trustworthy
there is nothing like that, Saqlain. She doesn't think this way
No auntie, I made a mistake regarding Mahnoor. 
I was wrong about Ashir
Anyways, whats done is done. I am happy that Mahnoor handled herself really well
She didn't get obsessed with her divorce
I'd be sad if I had gotten married to a person who was selfish
But I'm thankful to God that I didn't get married to such cheap person
who stooped so low only to take revenge from me.
Even if I had got married to such man, I wouldn't be able to spend my life with him
In coming time, I wish you get a selfless and open heart person
who would accept your divorce as well
and your mental state would match
Auntie, give me the grocery list.
Yes I will. Have tea
yes!
Is everything okay?
yes!
Then why do you look stressed?
No, I'm not stressed
Your face expressions are telling that you are worried. 
What are you doing here?
umm .. mother said that the gate is opened. I came to close the gate.
Ask auntie not to give you responsibility of opening and closing the gate
it doesn't look good when you come to gate. 
Girls from decent families belong inside a house
otherwise, people talk. The way they talked about your sister Mahnoor
What rubbish is written?
He is such a disgusting person
I'm too scared
Why are you scared? It isn't your fault
It wasn't my fault before and it isn't right now. I'm scared about brother Saqlain. 
Earlier he followed my van and brother made a fuss out of it. 
Now he has come to home
Ramsha, do you know this guy?
I mean where does he live and what does he do? You can share
No sister, how would I know?
I don't know about him. 
We friends stay busy with each other. I have never focused on him. I don't know
Fine, its okay. Everything will be alright. 
Do not inform this to mother. 
You know that she directly discusses everything with brother Saqlain and he's get an excuse of blaming us
I don't want him to get an excuse
you get it?
yes, there shouldn't be a problem in my university admission
Its okay. Nothing would happen. I trust you completely. You can't do anything
Hey? Listen
what happened?
Have you heard something?
about what?
about our new boss.
No, is it something special?
special?
its an internal news that has spread in the market these days
then tell me? why are you creating suspense?
I'll tell you because you are forcing
Madam Mahnoor got divorced before two days of her wedding.
 I also heard that she got divorced because of her old lover 
who had left her and went outside
No way, she doesn't look like it
you can't guess the character by looks
that right though
what rubbish are you saying?
Madam Mahnoor is our boss. It is your duty to respect her
It isn't our concern what is going on in their life
How can it be not? A person's character is judged by his personal affairs. 
A woman has been made our head who has such ..
Faraz?
I asked for a file
yes madam, file is ready. I was bringing it to you.
Give it to me
Thank you!
I want rates and comparable rates of raw material in 10 minutes.
 I want to get the approval today
Yes madam, I'm working on it
You go to your room. I'm sharing it with you in 10 minutes
good!
One more thing
If you want to gossip about me, do it on my face. 
I don't have a problem. That way, I can answer you. 
But if you would character assassinate me 
and won't focus on your work, then it can be a problem for you
You know what I mean? I hope you understand
Yes madam
Excuse me madam, give me this file. I have to add some more papers
Bring it in my office then
sure madam
A person's character is judged by his personal affairs. 
A woman has been made our head who has such ..
What are you both looking at? Finish your work quickly. 
Do you have an idea, what if madam complains about you both to the GM,
 I would also be answerable.
Finish your work quickly
I heard that she got divorced two days before her wedding 
and that too because of her lover who had left the country as well
come in
sit
Madam, I apologize on behalf of them both
They said something wrong that they shouldn't have. I just ..
Mr. Faraz, I like giving importance to work during work time.
 If you'd talk about work only then I'd tolerate it
also, talking about something else means that you are wasting mine and your time
and I don't like wasting time
Also, this is my personal matter. 
Give me the file. I'll check it
Thank you! You can go and work
Right!