In this world, no matter what we do, no matter how hard we try...
to make people happy. No matter how hard one tries to do things the people's way...
one is unable to do it.
No matter how hard we try, there is someone in this world...
who will always be unhappy with us.
No matter how you are and how you aren't...
I understand.
The honor with which you do your work, the honor with which you handle your relationships...
not everyone can do it.
You are a good son... you are a good brother...
and a good husband as well.
And in my heart, there is a lot of respect for you.
That means that things have not gotten forward. They have not yet reached love.
Things have gotten farther than that.
The place you have in my heart is much greater than this.
Listen...
How will we solve this problem?
What problem?
Look how the thieves got in last night and scared us.
We haven't even slept well for the past two days.
Areeba, the purpose of a thief is to steal and even though they have gotten in twice, they haven't stolen a thing.
Yes but... they have vandalized all the mirrors of the house.
It's possible that he would have stolen something if you hadn't come on time.
That's what I'm surprised at. How come he disappeared before I arrived?
I'm not a policeman, nor do I have a weapon.
That means that whoever is breaking in has no intention to steal anything.
What intention could they possibly have?
To scare the people of this house and make them run away.
Everyone knows that auntie isn't among us anymore.
Do you remember that guy?
What guy?
That same guy who was after Ramsha's sister. The one who threw letters on Ramsha's roof.
Remember how the neighbors cursed him?
Yes, I remember him.
I think he did this. Knowing full and well that Ramsha is alone, he wants to take advantage of it.
Anything can be possible.
Anyways... there is no need for you to worry. I'm here with you guys today.
Areeba please, keep an eye on Ramsha.
Auntie knew everything about Mahnoor did, but if Ramsha does something stupid...
then I don't you and I to face humiliation because of it...
Please... do you understand?
Yes, I understand.
Anyways, ask the maid to clean this up.
Yes, I'll ask her to do it.
Sister Salma!
The work he did is nice. He's good.
What's the need to dress up so much to go to university?
This is how I always go to university.
That's what I'm asking, why are you going to university so dressed up?
You go to study there, not to attend a fashion show.
Mother...
Look Ramsha... we need to be very careful. Things outside are not good.
Mother isn't alive anymore. She used to handle everything before, not it all falls on my shoulders.
That's why I don't want anyone to even look at you. I don't want to give the neighbors anything to talk about.
Try and understand what I'm saying. Remove some of your makeup.
Please try to talk to Ramsha with affection.
She'll understand what you'll say. She just feels that she's alone.
She's just upset at you. She feels as though you don't care about her.
What does it matter what she says? I care for her and that's why I want to talk to her.
Don't worry about it, we'll cheer her up once she's here.
Greetings.
Greetings to you too.
How are you? Are you well?
Why are you here?
I came here to talk to you. I was worried about you.
Worried? Do you even care for anyone but yourself?
Are you saying that?
I don't want to talk to you.
Ramsha please, listen to me. You once called me your brother...
If you did, please listen to me.
My van will be here any moment, I'll get late.
That's not a problem, we'll drop you off. Let's sit and talk together.
If I'm late, what will I say to sister Areeba?
Tell them you went for an extra class, or you can tell her that we picked you up.
No, if she finds out that I'm with you she'll get upset. I'll tell her that it's an extra class.
Sure, alright.
Let's go...
Hi... how come you guys are here?
Actually, we came here to pick Ramsha up for lunch.
You guys didn't even think of asking me?
No, we decided...
Mahnoor wanted to talk to Ramsha, that's why we're going for lunch.
I was just kidding. I was heading out with my friends for lunch.
I wanted to talk to you, brother...
I needed some money. I'm going out with friends so...
Sure, here you are.
Thank you... bye.
It's two.
This was the time she returned yesterday,
Sister Areeba, lunch is ready, should I serve it?
No... we'll eat together once Ramsha is here.
Sure alright,
Let me call her.
She's not picking up as well.
Let me call Saqlain.
No... he'll get worried.
Let me wait another five to ten minutes, she'll be here.
I don't understand brother Faraz, how can you be so sure that brother Saqlain mixed in poison with mother's medicine?
Who else can do that?
Like you, I took have a lot of indifferences with brother Saqlain.
But I do not agree with this.
Me too.
Do I look insane to you two? Why would I allege an innocent person?
No matter what it may be, you didn't see it with your own eyes.
I don't think brother Saqlain can do this. Look how much he helps us out around the house and the property dealings. I don't think he did this.
You know what... you don't know anything about this.
Brother Saqlain has taken his fair share of what he did for us. 
Our properties... our shops...
But you have no proof of that...
Even with proof, what could I have achieved? Mother stopped me.
She said that if I say anything, sister Areeba's home would be destroyed. She was worried about her happiness.
What I can't understand is what could brother Saqlain gain from mother's demise. 
Brother Faraz make her understand...
If it weren't for brother Saqlain, sister and I would have been dead. They broke into our house.
Please try to understand.
Even though you're the one who's alleging him, brother Saqlain thinks that it's brother Faraz.
He thinks that brother Faraz is misguiding you. Even though I don't believe it at all.
Thank you for trusting me so much.
Please make sister Mahnoor understand...
that she should apologize and put an end to things. Otherwise, things will only get worse.
I don't want to block both of your numbers. Sister Areeba made me block it.
Who are they to stop me from meeting you? You are my sister, and that is my home.
They can't stop me from meeting you or entering that house.
What if brother Saqlain left me?
Will you live with me? Or will you take me home with you?
I cannot live alone in that house, at any cost.
Ramsha, we have nothing against you being in our home...
No... stay there.
Alright... I won't come there.
Sister, why don't you solve this problem by apologizing?
You know that falsely alleged someone and it's a sin to do that. Brother Faraz make her understand.
Congratulations sir.
From now on you are the official owner of this house.
It was very smart of you to have your mother-in-law sign over both of her houses to you.
You sold one and the other one you kept under your name. And now you're living there as well.
I was thinking that now that I've started living there, I should start making some changes.
How will you deal with those three sisters?
Especially the middle one?
I'm not worried about Areeba, she'll do as I say.
As far as her sisters are concerned, we'll handle her.
I'm sure you will.
Mr. Tauqi is coming as well. Your savior.
You'll have to make him happy as well.
Only one thing makes me happy.
I'll arrange for that as well.
I have got to hand it to you... do you know what makes a person tick?
That's why no one can come in front of me.
Am I right, or not?
Of course.
Ramsha...
Yes?
Why are you back so late?
The days I took off from university...
I needed to take classes for that...
Couldn't you have called and told me that?
I was so busy that I lost track of time.
I called you so many times.
Why didn't you pick up my phone? You could have at least messaged me.
My phone was on silent and I didn't know...
Tell me the truth, where were you?
Did you go to university, or were you somewhere else?
I'm not lying to you, I really was in university.
Really...
Give me the van guy's number.
Why?
Because I will talk to him and ask him, when he picked you up from university and when he dropped you off at the gate.
So you don't trust me?
No, I don't.
Why are you looking at me like this? Give me his number.
Give me your phone, I'll take it out myself.
I didn't come back home in a van.
Who did you come here with then?
Sister Mahnoor.
Sister Mahnoor and brother Faraz came outside my university. All of us went out for lunch, it's nothing else.
Sister... sister...
If you keep on fighting like this with them...
then you won't be able to visit Ramsha.
Do think about it. Until then I'll go and meet mother.
Yes, what is it?
Sister, could you please help me?
Yasir has been calling me for ages. Please tell him that I'm busy doing something.
But why?
Because I don't want to talk to him. The questions he asks fluster me.
Look... if you do this, it will make him feel bad. Don't avoid him like this.
I think he doesn't like a thing that I say. He finds fault in everything I do.
He asks me for a log of every minute. He asks me where I am and why my phone was busy.
Look Aima, don't avoid Yasir like this.
Give him some time, you guys just got engaged.
Let him say what he wants now and in the future, you can tell him what's in your heart.
It takes time for a relationship to form and for people to understand each other
This will make him more upset with you.
Alright, sister, I understand.
Let's teach sister-in-law a lesson today. She humiliated me in front of everyone that day.
Today, it's her turn.
Did Maheer steal my ring?
Maheer.
Yes?
Give my ring back to me.
Ring? Why would I have your ring?
Don't try and be over-smart. I just kept that ring on my dressing table.
You took that ring, I just saw you walking away from my room. So don't lie and return my ring.
Sister... you are alleging me with stealing.
Alleging you?
I'm sure that you're the one who stole the ring.
And what proof do you have?
I saw you leaving my room.
Sister, you're alleging me stealing.
Alleging you?
I say, give me my ring back. There is no need for this scene.
What's the matter Mahnoor, why are you angry at Maheer?
She's alleging me...
with stealing her ring.
He's lying. I just kept my ring on the table before I went to the washroom...
Maheer came to my room and he picked it up.
Mahir?
Brother, I swear, I didn't steal that ring.
If you don't believe me, you can search my room.
If it's like that, then tell everyone what you were doing in my room.
Why would I come into your room? I never come into your room.
I come here only if I need something from my brother. I never go there in your absence.
Why are you alleging him for no reason? Did you find no other way to create a scene inside the house?
I have no intention of doing such a thing. My jewelry has been stolen before, and money always goes missing from my purse,
But I always kept silent because I didn't have any proof.
Today I saw Maheer leaving my room.
Maheer, when did you come back home?
Brother, I just came back. Look I've not even removed my shoes.
Faraz... he's lying. Maheer is the one who stole the ring.
Should he believe you now?
Wait a minute.
If Mahnoor suspects Maheer, there is nothing wrong with searching his room.
Faraz, what are you saying?
Mother, leave it be...
It's alright. If this removes my brother's doubts, and my sister-in-law is proven wrong, I have no problem with them searching my room.
Brother, you can search my room.
Please.
What is this?
This is my ring.
I searched his room and he just came home, which means that Maheer doesn't have the ring.
I admit that he doesn't have the ring, but it's possible that he hid it somewhere in the house.
Alright then, we'll search the entire house.
What's the matter with you?
Will you now search your mother and your sister's room? Will you frame us as thieves, for her?
Mother, let it be... if that is what makes satisfies brother...
then let him do it.
Sister, why are you packing your clothes?
I'm going home?
What are you saying? Why are you going home?
Help them. Be a part of their schemes.
They are plotting no schemes.
The allegations that they put on my husband, is that the truth?
No... it's not the truth at all. In fact, I told sister Mahnoor that...
she should apologize to brother Saqlain because she treated him the wrong way.
You promised me that you will keep no contact with Mahnoor.
Sister how can I not, she's our sister.
Our sisters are supposed to be like this? She has no sympathies for you, nor does he care about you. She just cares about herself.
If Saqlain finds out that you met Mahnoor...
then he'll get angry. It was hard for me to convince him, I can't take more risks.
Sister, he won't find out about it at all.
How can you say that?
What won't I know?
What are you two talking about?
Brother Saqlain...
It's nothing.
I just heard you telling your sister that I won't learn about it.
Her university is organizing...
A trip farmhouse. She wanted permission from you and I said that you won't allow her.
So you want to go there without telling me.
Will you deceive me?
No.
Listen to one thing with open ears...
I hate deception. No one is going on this trip.
Your mother just died a week ago.
For her atonement, I'm having the Quran read in mosques and having charitable dinners organized...
and you...
want to go on a trip to a farmhouse, with boys. Just so that you can enjoy yourself.
Go into your room and read the Holy Quran for your mother. Go!
There are no limits to your sisters.
Mahnoor can't help herself putting allegations on me...
And your younger sister can't help herself from going out.
There is no shame in everyone. Nor do they feel any pain, or have any respect.
What have I gotten myself into by marrying your family?
There's nothing here, we've searched the entire house, but nothing was found.
No brother...
You haven't searched the entire house, your room comes in this house as well.
When sister has alleged me of stealing...
then why not we search your room? Because I don't have that ring, nor is it in the house.
Right, sister?
What are you saying? My jewelry has been stolen...
Why would it be in my room? I searched my room.
Don't make excuses.
I'll search your room. Come with me.
Shall we?
Search all you want.
This is the ring you were talking about, right? The one you alleged Maheer stole.
Yes but... I kept it there. How can it be there?
Do you see Faraz? She kept it in the drawer...
and alleged Maheer with stealing it.
I'm telling the truth, I kept it on top of the dressing table.
How can it be in the drawer...
Whether it was on the table or the drawer, it was in your room, in your possession.
You didn't check and alleged Maheer of stealing it.
Listen to me...
What do you want?
Why did you want to instigate a fight between two brothers by putting false allegations on Maheer?
What will you gain from instigating a fight between them?
I'm not lying... I'm telling the truth.
Maheer did this.
This is not the truth. I don't know what she's saying.
The proof is in front of everyone.
Why did you do this?
What was the point of all this?
She wanted to put a seed of hatred in your heart for Maheer.
I know what's irritating her deep in her heart.
That's why she's alleging Maheer. She wants to drive a wedge between you and Maheer.
What do you mean?
Meaning... that she wants to steal you from us. Steal him then...
It's not like he was ever with us.
He doesn't have the time to take care of his mother, nor does he have time for his brother and sister. All he has time for is you.
Let's go.
Faraz...
Since you've left mother, no one here is mine. Everyone is fighting among themselves.
Tell me... what is my fault? Why do I have to listen to everyone?
May God save us from her. Look how she was making him look like a thief.
What has Maheer ever done to her to receive such vile allegations from her?
And look how you listened to your wife and searched your brother.
Has your blood gone cold? Don't you trust your brother?
Mother, please.
Don't say anything to brother. It's good that he searched me and cleared things, there and then.
Otherwise, I would have been suspected for the remainder of my life.
I think that maybe she's taking revenge on me for what happened that day.
What day?
Did you two fight?