I think your car is already here. Was this the number?
Yes. Thank you.
You had to go through all this trouble for me.
No mam. There's no trouble.
Of course. You wasted so much of your time. You had to go home. Your family must have been worried.
No I would have been more worried if I had left you like this.
Now you get home safely. We'll meet in the office then.
Bye.
Bye.
Isn't this girl in a lot of hurry?
Yes she had an affair and then a divorce and now another one.
We should get in line for a number.
What happened why did you get so late?
I called mom. I had an important meeting and then my cab broke down and now..
I've reached.
Leave everything and come here.
What happened?
I need to tell you something very important. Sajid called me.
Sajid who?
The same guy who wrote me a letter. His name is Sajid.
Then what? What did he say? Where does he live? What does he do? What are his intentions?
I don't know anything about his intentions.
He called. I said hello and he said his name was Sajid. I said fine and then mom came.
She snatched the phone from me and as soon as she took it, he hung up.
Then?
Then what? Mom said to note down the number and she would tell brother Saqlain.
I requested and insisted not to tell him so she finally gave in.
You did good. If brother Saqlain finds out he'll make a mountain out of a molehill.
Exactly.
Do one thing, give me that boy's number, I'll get him tracked down.
But I doubt that boy is very sharp so he would know we'd get his number track.
He would be calling from a public call booth or a number we cannot track.
Yes you're right because,
when I tried calling him back, his number was busy twice which means its a public call office.
Mahnoor..
Where were you? You got so late. Even Saqlain was waiting for you before he left.
Mom I told you I had an important meeting and then the cab broke down and I got late.
I cannot leave you here all alone. I cannot take a risk, its night time.
Who says there aren't any good people in this world?
If there are no good people left, this world will end.
Poor guy. He got scolded by me and he helped me even after getting insulted.
He was showing me attitude initially but he forgot everything when he saw I was in trouble.
Mom?
Clean this before you keep it back.
Hello.
Hello. Thank God you missed your mom. Why didn't you come since so many days?
Even you can come but you never come to my house.
You do know I don't leave the house much.
Ramsha is home and time flies by so fast when she's around.
Thank God she's home to look after you.
Otherwise Mahnoor leaves in the morning and comes home at night.
Mom Saqlain was telling me, Mahnoor came very late yesterday.
Mom make her understand. Why is she giving people a chance to talk.
Its nothing. Her job demands as such.
She doesn't usually come late. It was only yesterday.
This is your only problem.
You always get protective about Mahnoor.
You think she can never do anything wrong. I'm her sister not her enemy.
I don't like it when people point fingers at her.
I understand dear.
Now come. Sit down. You started complaining as soon as you arrived.
If I don't complain to you who else would I complain to?
I will spend the entire day with you today.
really! I will send you late because you already came after so many days.
In fact call Saqlain and tell him that he'll have dinner with us today.
Okay I'll tell him.
Hmm. Fine. Its done.
Faraz...
I'm sorry.
I wanted to apologize. I got angry on you without a reason.
I was worried about something else but I vented out on you.
I know you were upset so I,
please forgive me if you can.
Its okay mam.
Actually, whenever someone does a personal attack, a person is bound to get angry.
Getting angry is natural but we shouldn't hold back the anger but let it out.
Then, when will you vent out on me?
What?
Yes. You must be angry on me. Obviously,
you were about to get promoted today. The management was considering you for this position but they hired me.
So this means I came in the way of your promotion so you're bound to get angry on me.
I understand that a person's fate decides his promotion, his success and the food he'll eat.
Had this position been in my fate I would get it.
May be you find another job and,
you leave this position and resign. I might get this job then.
Or may God has something even better planned for me.
Of course.
I am never hopeless when it comes to my blessings.
Have a good day mam.
Thank you.
Things have crossed all limits. This is where respectable people live.
If things go beyond this, our daughters will be affected.
You're absolutely right.
Their father was very respectable but he's no more alive.
They have one son in law and they're all making him dance to their tunes.
There was a boy standing outside their house
and Saqlain was literally begging him that women live in this house,
but he never listened to him. And last night, the elder one,
we saw with our own eyes that she came with a boy in a girl till the bus stop.
Then she sat in a cab and left again. Tell me is this how respectable women live?
God forgive us. They are deceiving their old mother.
But tell us what is the solution to all this.
There is only one solution.
All of us will go to their house and talk about what is going on.
Wait a minute.
Listen to me. This isn't right.
There is no man in their house who we can talk to.
But they have a son in law Saqlain. Call him and make him sit.
He will make these girls understand that either they should act respectably or leave this neighborhood.
We'll think what we need to do.
Sister..
I need to buy a few clothes.
Can you take me shopping with you?
Why do you need to go shopping all of a sudden?
Not all of a sudden.
I have to go to the university and I don't have even a single appropriate dress. What will I wear?
You have nothing to wear?
What about the clothes you got at Mahnoor's wedding?
Whats wrong with you? They are all formal clothes.
I cannot wear those to the university.
I don't have anything to wear at home too. They have become so worn off.
If I wear them to the university people would say I have nothing to wear. They'd laugh at me.
You people don't stop asking for things.
Do you even realize if someone can spend so much or not?
I am not asking you for money. I'm just asking you to come along.
I mean if sister Mahnoor was free she would have taken me shopping.
Really? Do you have money?
Give them to me and I'll take you shopping right away.
No. brother Saqlain has all our money.
He doesn't have any right now.
Saqlain doesn't have any money
and he has already told mom that the expenditures for the past two months were so much that the money is finished now.
You people don't have an ounce of consideration. You just keep requesting.
Mom gave him the challan on top of it all.
She didn't even think if he would have the money. Your fee is too much.
Now you'll tell Mahnoor to take you shopping and bear your expenses as well.
I will not tell Saqlain anything.
He's already worried about the shop.
Just pray we find a suitable solution and that our worries end.
You go.
Mr. Faraz?
Congratulations. You applied for the loan. The GM has approved it.
So fast? Thank you so much.
You wanted an approval fast for your brother's admission.
It would have been delayed had you not gotten the loan.
Yes.
By the way which university are you enrolling your brother in?
Mam your car is here, its been waiting for long.
I'm coming. I'll leave now. Best wishes for your brother.
Let me know if you need anything.
Of course. Thank you.
Whether you agree or not, everything happened as I told you it would.
Hmm..
tell me one thing
Now tell me. What did I tell you? These dramas about the hand burning.
The efficiency and support he's showing, there's a reason behind it.
He had to impress the boss.
That's why madam Mahnoor went to the GM and approved Faraz's loan.
She had to pay him back.
He is very sharp. He's so quiet and always saying yes mam. Do you remember?
He snubbed us when we were talking about mam.
He's trying to get into mam's good books.
If this man really respects women or if he wanted to do good, tell me one thing.
His wife would have never left him. He insulted them so much that they,
begged him and took their daughter away.
Really man.
We're unlucky that we have such bosses who don't respect us one bit.
The poet speaks of it..
Job is a job after all. You have to do everything when you're employed by someone.
You're right.
Lets go.
He's doing everything to get in mam's good books. If he really respects women,
if he wanted to do good, then tell me one thing, would his own wife leave him like that.
He insulted her so much that her family had to beg him to let her go.
Did you talk to brother?
What do I need to talk to him about?
That I need a bike for going to the university.
You just don't stop asking for things. You know very well.
Faraz doesn't have so much money.
He had to give such a big amount to those people.
They accused him without any proof of having all her jewelry.
So you had all the jewelry.
Yes I did but those that we gave her as presents.
She threw that away on my face that she didn't like it.
She left the house herself. Should I have begged her to take everything?
What's done is done. That wretched woman.
She said we took her jewelry too.
We had to pay millions and we got nothing.
Mom whats done is done. Whats the use of crying over it?
Move on. Leave everything. And tell me,
do you cursing her make any difference to her? No, it doesn't.
Yes right. My prayers or curses never work.
She remarried as soon as everything was done.
Wretched woman. Now nobody will give us their daughter.
He will get married. What is wrong with you?
You showed haste earlier and saw the consequences. Now,
let our studies be completed. If brother gets a wife, she'll stop all our money.
Mom?
Brother is taking a loan for my fee, what if he takes some more?
And who will pay it back? Will you?
We will get less money to spend on groceries. Do you even realize how expensive everything is?
We're already living hand to mouth.
Now this new expense we have.
It would have been better if you studied privately and took up a job.
At least you could have shared some of Faraz's burden.
What?
Mom am I not your real son? Is he your real son?
You're talking about studying privately, its not going to get me a job. Ever.
And then you'll taunt me that I don't have a job. Mom, I'm telling you.
I will not go to the university on buses.
I need a bike within 2 months and that's it.
This boy is driving me crazy.
How can I ask Faraz to get him a bike?
Poor guy is already burdened with so much.
She's very beautiful.
Really both sisters are really beautiful.
The little one is no less either.
What nonsense is this? What is your problem?
What is your problem? What are you saying?
Don't you have any shame teasing girls in your neighborhood?
We are not the ones worried but your sister is.
She called her lover home.
Shut up.
If you say another word, I'll pull your tongue out.
How many tongues are you going to pull out?
The entire neighborhood says this.
Also the boy who drops you till the bus stop, why don't you ask him to drop you home?
by the way, I do have a bike too. Should I pick you up from the bus stop?
Shut up.
Illiterate man.
You people have no shame.
What happened? Whats going on?
I was going home and they're saying nonsense.
We only said she should ask her boyfriend to drop her home instead of the bus stop.
I'll break your face if you say another word. What nonsense is this?
How many mouths will you shut Mr. Saqlain.
If you want to stop, ask your sisters in law to not cross their limits.
This is a respectable neighborhood.
Tell me openly what you're trying to say.
If I get more open, you'll mind it. But this is the truth.
If we didn't consider their dead father and mother's respect, we wouldn't have let them live in this neighborhood.
Had I not been considerate about your age, I would have answered you well.
You might also have mothers and sisters at home and you're accusing other women.
Don't you have any shame?
We're not accusing anyone. Didn't you see with your own eyes?
You just shut up.
I know everything about you very well.
If I tell people about you, you'll not be able to live anywhere in this city, let alone this neighborhood.
Mahnoor, go home. I'll see to it.
You should be ashamed.
You just cannot tell the truth anymore.
Mom, brother Saqlain, I'll tell you.
This is all happening because of you.
We are getting disrespected because of you. And you..
if there was such a big problem and that boy followed your van to our home,
why didn't you tell mom?
Had I known about this, I would have handled it before it reached to this point.
People are talking the same thing that Ramsha has an affair with that boy.
Did you see?
You didn't even know
but everybody in the neighborhood knows that that boy was standing outside our house.
First we were disrespected because of Mahnoor.
Now she is after our respect.
sister Areeba,,
I swear I don't know that boy. I don't know why he's following me. Its not my fault.
Then whose fault is it?
That boy wrote a letter for you.
You talked to him on call and you didn't even let us know.
Today things have reached this point..
No..
I did tell sister Mahnoor everything.
Come on.
Did you see? What did Mahnoor do then?
Did your problem solve?
Instead we have been disrespected in the entire neighborhood once more.
No.
People told me that they saw Mahnoor with a boy at the bus stop.
And that boy is her boyfriend.
What are you saying brother Saqlain? He's my colleague.
My cab broke down and he dropped me to the bus stop. Nothing else.
Did you hear mom? One more colleague of hers is her friend now.
Earlier you had an affair with one of your male colleagues.
This is why you were divorced.
Mom tell her.
Stop her so that she doesn't test us anymore.
What are you saying?
I don't understand what is your problem with me?
You wrung out a small issue and you drag it to me. Why?
Be quiet Mahi.
For God's sake be quiet and leave.
But mom I'm telling the truth.
What do you want? If I didn't die of hurt, do you want me to die of disrespect?
Had you proven to be a little sensible, this wouldn't have happened today.
Mahi leave. I don't want any of your clarifications.
Go.
If you want to handle matters yourself, you should use your brain then.
Do you understand?
The way Mahnoor does as she pleases, she's doing the same.
We should shut up and not say anything to them 
and then they present us to be insulted. Every time.
Enough please..
sister Areeba is right.
I shouldn't have told you anything. 
Had I told mom or brother Saqlain,
nothing would be blamed to me. 
I thought brother Saqlain would never side with us and he's not in our favor.
But he was fighting with everyone because of us. He must be so insulted. I,
brother Saqlain is so nice and I..
Do you understand what I'm telling you?
Now you tell me what should we do now?
What can I say? We'll have to face the situation.
Its our own house not on rent otherwise we would have left it and shifted somewhere else 
so that everything stayed here.
We have been disrespected. 
People in the entire neighborhood would be talking about Ramsha.
Our respect is gone to dirt. We're only being insulted by everyone now.
I'd tell you to leave this house and go to the other one.
No dear. This cannot be.
I cannot leave this house.
Then, we'll stop coming here because we cannot answer people.
What are you saying? How will we not face them?
Who are they talking about? Us or your mother? 
We'll have to face everything.
She's right. 
Leaving the house isn't right and it will not solve the problem either but..
But what?
But we cannot shut people's mouth. 
You're sensible. You know what should be done now.
And as fr as I'm concerned, I'm standing with you.
And if anyone points a finger at you, I'll break off his hand.
But how long will we do his for?
Rather than shutting people's mouth why don't we fix our own house?
You're sensible yourself, you understand what I'm saying right?
Are you alright mam? You don't look okay.
I have a headache.
Alright you can take some medicine.
Faraz thank you for your advise but is it possible that we discuss this schedule after lunch break
Whatever you say.
Ramsha. 
Keep this phone down 
and you don't have to use this phone again. Understood?
Go and bring your phone and give it to me. 
mom
Don't argue with me and give me your phone.
Go..
Okay.
Listen. 
yes
How will that boy leave Ramsha and roaming around our house? I'm worried.
I have found out about that boy and warned him. 
If it still lingers around, you'll see what I do with him.
Please be very careful. 
I am scared of your habit because you treat every problem as your own. 
You are troubled with the shop matter as well.
Yes. Those problem are now showing enmity. 
They have given a very small price for the shop as if he wants the problem to increase.
I was thinking to appeal.
Money is not important than your life. Be careful.
You know the boys today are laced with weapon 
and people in this city just take out their weapons on the smallest things.
Why are you worried?
Until I have you praying for me, nothing will happen to me.
But...
Relax... I'm fine.
Mom, you're being mean to Ramsha. 
She has gotten her admission and she'll start her classes next week.
Do you want her to leave everything and sit at home. Its about her future. Don't do this.
Mahi I'm her mother. I'll decide the best for her.
She will sit at home and I'll get her married as soon as possible.
sister Mahnoor..
Mom what are you saying? She's young. Her age..
When I got married, I was younger than her.
Mom, there's a difference between those times. Times have changed. What are you saying?
Why? I got Areeba married as soon as she completed intermediate.
If only I had taken this decision for you this wouldn't have happen. 
I couldn't decide the best for you, that's why I feel I'm to blame for it.
You were pressurized by me to say yes to the marriage but now you're free.
You can do whatever you want to do. You can go anywhere you like, I'll not stop you. But Ramsha..
Ramsha will not go out of the house now. In this situation, never. She'll sit at home.
I'll ask Saqlain to not submit her fee.
Get me a proposal according to what I've told you. 
The boy should be from a respectable family and educated.
 Its not a problem if he's a few years older.
I'll tell Saqlain and Areeba and he will decide. 
Just tell me when you talk to them. Bye.
Mom...
Mom why are you being so unfair to me? 
What did I do that you're punishing me?
This isn't a punishment dear.
This is for your best to get married. 
The protest you're putting up, you'll realize that I decided the best for you.
You're wrong mom.
This decision isn't right for me. 
You're saying this because you don't trust me.
You think I have an affair with that boy.
No dear I don't think like that but the chaos outside can destroy your life.
No, my life will not be destroyed. 
For God's sake I beg you. I don't want to get married, I want to study. Please mom.
Please.
Ramsha they are the same people 
who respected your father.
They didn't dare to look at the three of you. But today..
So what do you think? Do you think this will shut everybody's mouth?
In fact they will think that I had an affair. 
Mom please I beg you. Don't get me married. Let me study. Please listen to me.
Ramsha don't bother me.
Mom please, I've never asked anything of you but I don't want to get married. Please mom. Please..
I'm helpless where you're concerned
I couldn't decide whats right for you. You said yes to the wedding because I pressurized you.
But now you're free. 
You do as you please. You can go anywhere.
 I'll not stop you.