How's Mahnoor's mother?
She's very happy. You should call her or visit her sometime.
She'll be very happy with that.
How's her house?
Is it appropriate for living, I'm sure she must have her own room.
Yes, her room is nice.
It is old, nevertheless, it is big.
Yes, I heard. Other than Faraz there are just two more people who live there.
I don't know why Mahnoor got married into that house.
Anyways, what can we say? It was Mahnoor's choice.
Auntie...
This is half the payment of the check that Mahnoor gave me. The rest I'm sure Areeba already gave you.
Inside it is a list of the arrangements that were made for Mahnoor's wedding.
What are you saying, my dear? I will not look nice at all taking an account from you.
You've already done me a great favor by working so hard on Mahi's wedding.
Auntie, who would have done it if not me? I'm happy that you acknowledge that.
Why wouldn't I? I will pay Mahi's money.
But I wanted to transfer the second shop to her name as well.
I'll manage the rest of the money for it if you can ask the lawyer to have the paperwork done.
That means that you want to cut off both of your arms.
What do you mean?
Why do you think I had them write the dower as ten lacs for Mahnoor?
I know that they are greedy people and I only had that written for Mahnoor's security.
You've handed your educated and self-sustaining daughter to those greedy people.
Do you also want to give them the shops which are millions?
Anyways, what can I say? They are your shops...
You asked me to have the paperwork done and I'll ask the lawyers to have the paperwork done.
No... there is no need to transfer the shop to Mahnoor right now.
Let's be patient for a while and see whether or not Mahnoor can live there or not. There you can give her, her share.
Do you know... some things one could only wish for.
But one can never hope for them to come true.
Really?
What is that wish that cannot be fulfilled?
It's exactly the way we're out here today.
Sit down.
Whenever I feel like relaxing...
I feel like going to the beach, or a picnic spot. But this fast life...
never allowed me to go. On top of that, it seems weird to go alone.
When I've come here with you, it seems that my wish has come true.
That is a very innocent request.
Yes... big wish can hold a person captive.
Do you trust me?
I'm not like how people talked about me.
I respect women. Then how can I...
Faraz...
I've known you for a year...
I can read people and it doesn't matter to me what people say
You should forget about the past.
Shall we visit your mother after we leave?
My mother?
Don't you want to meet your mother?
Ever since you got married, you never asked me to take you to your mother's.
I do feel like going there, but not much time has passed since our marriage.
Mother asked me to visit as well but...
it's hard to find the time for it.
Alright then, from here we'll go and visit your mother.
Alright.
Let's go.
Greetings*
Mahi!
When did you get here?
Greetings*
Greetings*
Areeba just left, if she had known she would have stayed. You should have called before coming.
Mother, it was a sudden change of plans. Faraz decided to bring me here, otherwise, we were going home.
It's alright. Now that you guys are here...
please leave after you have dinner. Mother, let's order out because...
this is the first time that brother Faraz is visiting us.
Please...
don't be so formal. I might have come here for the first time, but it's not the last time. Besides, I'll be a usual here when I come here with Mahnoor.
If you treat me like a guest, then I won't like it. I'm sure that there must be something already cooked at home.
We'll eat that, no problem.
Alright... come and sit down.
Mother...
Why haven't you slept yet? I'll open the door when brother Faraz comes.
How can I sleep?
I won't be able to sleep until Faraz comes back. I always wait for him.
He's never done this. Besides, someone has to open the door.
Wait, I'll call him.
There is no need to call him. Couldn't he have called and informed us?
Going out with his wife doesn't mean that he stops caring for his family.
Here they are!
Mother, why are you still up?
You know I can't sleep until you reach home safely.
And... where were you so late at night?
Mother... we went to visit Mahnoor's mother. She asked us to stay for dinner.
And then we lost track of time.
Here I am worried sick about you. Wondering what could have happened.
And you took your wife to her mother's house.
You've been out for such a long time, couldn't you have called and informed me?
Forget about even asking for my permission.
I'm sorry auntie, we should have informed before leaving. This won't happen next time.
Mahnoor, I'm sorry. I apologize to you on my mother's behalf. Please don't mind what she says.
She just...
Why are you apologizing to me?
Whatever auntie said was right. We were wrong.
We shouldn't have left without telling her.
But no matter, in the future we'll be careful. We'll go nowhere without telling her.
It's not a good thing to have objections in the household over trivial matters.
Hi.
Hi...
How are you?
I'm fine, how are you?
Perfect.
How's sister Mahnoor?
She's fine as well.
You should visit her.
I will, someday.
I can see that you've not been discussing your notes with me, or studying with me, all good?
How can I discuss that? You always stay so busy.
Come on, you are our relative now...
and you can ask me whatever you want, whenever you want it. No problem.
I'll get going now. Bye.
What's with him? How come he's changed so much?
He just mentioned that we are now relatives of each other.
Surprisingly, he's changed completely after he became your relative.
I don't care about that. I'm just happy that he's started talking to me.
Let's go.
Hello...
Greetings I'm Areeba speaking, I would like to talk to Saqlain.
Mr. Saqlain isn't at work, you can try his cellphone.
His number has been switched off since the morning.
Give me the number to his Hyderabad office, he might have gone there.
We have no offices in Hyderabad.
There's no office in Hyderabad?
And Mr. Saqlain just left the office.
He's not left for Hyderabad, nor did he have any such plan.
Alright, thank you so much.
For a few months, Saqlain has been telling that he's been doing business in Hyderabad.
That means that he's lying to me.
If he's lying, then why?
What reason could be behind it?
Sister, if you don't mind, can I come inside?
Sure, come in. Even if I'm busy you can still come in. No need to be so formal.
Sister... what are you doing?
Just some office work.
I decided to check my mail. Faraz is out taking care of some business as well. You tell me, what do you do other than study?
I wasn't able to talk to you these past few days.
I'm not busy with much. I go to college, come back home, and do housework.
That is enough to keep one busy. Other than that, what other activities do you have?
Nothing but my home and college. But tell me about your job.
No... I'll go and make tea and then we'll talk.
Sure.
Who are you making tea for at this hour?
For sister Mahnoor.
Sister Mahnoor! Make me one as well.
I'm your mother... do you see how she's made you your servant.
I told you not to be her lackey but you don't listen to me.
No one becomes a servant by making tea for someone.
She can make it herself.
Her hands aren't covered with henna that are stopping her from working.
It's been four days since she got married, why do you want her to work? It's possible that she doesn't know how to work in a kitchen
Then she should learn. Every girl works inside the house after they get married. She's not special.
I'm warning you not to do these things for her. Faraz is enough to take care of her.
Send my tea to my room.
Such a lackey!
Mahnoor... don't take what I say the wrong way.
Her household's state is in front of you to see. We don't have servants like you do at your home...
We only have a cleaning lady that comes, apart from that whatever happens throughout the day...
we have to do is ourselves and...
Aima already has a lot of responsibilities at home, on top of her studies.
So don't ask her to do things for you.
It would be better if you take on some responsibility at home and help Aima with the housework.
Her hands aren't covered with henna which is stopping her from working. I'm warning you...
Faraz is enough to take care of her.
Sister...
Your tea.
Sister, can I request something? Don't tell brother Faraz what mother said to you, he'll be very upset to hear it.
I'll try to tell mother not to say such things. She doesn't have a bad heart...
she's just upset by what happened yesterday.
I promise that there will be a change in her behavior...
and she will realize her mistake as well. Just don't say anything to him, please.
How was your day today?
I just remembered that I had a lot of missed calls from you today.
Actually, I was busy in a meeting, so I switched off my phone. I forgot to turn it back on.
There's a lot to do.
Didn't you go to Hyderabad today?
I thought that you would go there and stay the night.
No, I was here... but you don't seem well to me.
Why the long face? Did you argue with your mother or Mahnoor?
I called you several times.
Your number was turned off, I called you at the office. You weren't there.
When I asked for the number of your Hyderabad office I learned...
that you have no office in Hyderabad.
For the past two years...
you've stayed out many nights. Where did you go and why did you lie to me?
You're calling me a liar? If the receptionist at my office told me that there was no office in Hyderabad, does that make me a liar?
Calling my place of work inquiring about me was very low of you.
Did you feel no shame doing this?
You're the one who was lying to me...
You should be the one who should feel ashamed.
Areeba have you gone insane? You were always illiterate, but now you've grown disrespectful as well.
Do you think I'll have to go to Hyderabad to deceive you? You don't believe me that I have an office in Hyderabad, right?
Come with me, I'll give you the number as well.
I don't want to go anywhere.
You don't believe me, right? Come with me and see the Hyderabad office yourself.
Why did the receptionist at your work say that you had no office in Hyderabad?
You foolish woman, she doesn't know about the Hyderabad office. It's a partnership that I have with my friend. It's not like my branch in Karachi.
If the receptionist told you that there is no office in Hyderabad, you started suspecting me.
What's the matter with you? I work day and night to give you a comfortable life and you're questioning me?
I feel ashamed of myself.
Listen.
What more do you want to tell me? Is there anything left?
I'm sorry... I made a mistake. Anyone else in my place would have...
done the same thing.
Would they have said that I was a liar?
Is this how you repay me for being with you for so many years? You took no time in calling me a liar.
I deserve this... 
Aunt Irham was right when she said that I wouldn't be repaid for my kindness. You have hurt me today.
For so many years, forget about asking for a child.. let alone complaining about it.
I didn't want to hurt you.
And you, in a moment call me every name under the sun.
Alright then... if I don't come home at night then I must go to some woman at night.
Go away from here.
No, listen to me...
I don't want to hear a thing... are you leaving or should I?
No, don't go anywhere...
I'll leave.
I will teach that receptionist a lesson today! I won't let her get away with this.
What are you doing so early in the kitchen today?
I'm making breakfast for everyone.
For what? There's no need for you to do this.
Why? Is this not my home?
It is
Then why are you objecting to me making breakfast?
What need was there for you to come inside the kitchen?
It's not about any need, it was about my habits.
I've always had a habit of doing my own work. Not only mine Ramsha's as well.
I make an amazing omelet. If you want I can help you out.
Forget it...
Go and sit with your mother, I'll be right there with breakfast.
Is the bread burning?
Oh shit!
Faraz...
Yes, mother?
What were you doing in the kitchen?
Mahnoor is inside, that's why I went there.
Alright... come and sit. I need to talk to you.
Yes mother, what is it? Is everything alright?
Yes, it is.
I'll be getting my committee money.
I'll be getting it in a few days. It was for two lacs.
I was thinking of having gold bangles made for Aima.
But nowadays, the way gold is rising...
If you could give me one lac... if not then sixty, or seventy thousand will suffice as well.
Then I'll have enough to make bangles for Aima.
One lacs? Yes, my dear...
It will relieve some of my worries. I've decided to marry off Aima...
I pray that we find a good suitor for her.
We did find one... anyways...
Mother, I don't have so much money right now. A lot was spent on the wedding and next month...
I have to pay Wahir's fees as well. I think that's important.
Alright... wait for a few months, I'll give you more than you're asking me.
Then you can buy something else as well.
Alright my dear, as you wish. May God bless you.
Auntie, here's your tea.
Bless you.
This is yours.
Thank you.
The breakfast will be ready in ten minutes. Wake up Aima and Wahir as well.
Sure.
The watch is amazing!
Who gave it to you?
It must be one of his many fan girls.
Men empty out their pockets. We take them out to lunches... wish them happy birthdays...
and still, girls pay no heed.
On the other hand, there's this guy...
Everyone has their charm.
I know very well what a girl likes and doesn't like.
I've told you many times not to follow these girls around, but you don't listen to me.
And yes...
My girlfriend didn't gift me this watch...
my sister-in-law gifted it to me.
Amazing!
Hello...
Brother Faraz...
Yes, who are you?
It's me Ramsha...
Ramsha, I didn't recognize your voice.
It's okay, that happens sometimes.
Why did you call me? How are you, how's your mother?
I'm fine, mother is well, too.
Brother Faraz, I wanted to talk to you.
Is sister Mahnoor near you?
No, she must be in the kitchen with Aima. Do you want me to call her?
No... tomorrow is sister Mahnoor's birthday and I want to plan a surprise for her.
That's why I want you to bring her to her home. We'll arrange everything right here.
You and your family are invited. Don't let sister Mahnoor find out otherwise...
Done...
All of us will be there. If you need any help, be sure to let me know.
Everything is sorted, and all of you have to be there on time. Just one request, don't let sister Mahnoor find out.
Alright... done... take care.... I'll see you soon.
Okay... farewell.
Who were you talking about meeting?
It was my friend. It had been a while since we met and he was complaining.
He has invited us tomorrow at his home for dinner.
Oh, I see... I forwarded you a mail. Did you take a look?
Checking it right now.
Check it and then tell me.
Hi Mahir...
Hi!
Why didn't you come to the university yesterday?
My mother wasn't feeling well, that's why I stayed home.
How is she feeling now?
She's better now. I wanted to invite you.
Tomorrow is sister Mahnoor's birthday.
Really?
Yeah, so I've planned a surprise for her.
I've already invited my brother Faraz. I asked him to bring the entire family, but...
I wanted to invite you personally...
so, will you be there?
Sure why not?
It's sister Mahnoor's birthday... how can I miss that?
I will be there.
Okay then, see you.
Bye.
You got a gift from your sister-in-law, but it seems soon you'll be getting a gift from her sister.
What is the matter? Why are you calling me constantly? If I'm not picking up then that means that I'm busy.
I'm so sorry... I thought you weren't picking up because you were mad at me.
I'm not mad at you. Even after the vile accusations...
That's why I'm apologizing to you.
I had a misunderstanding, please forgive me.
Alright fine... we'll talk about this when I come home.
Let me work right now.
Alright.
Will you come home early today?
Yes, I will now don't disturb me. I'm working.
Sure... take your time. Farewell.
Anger makes people commit mistakes. And I said so many things to Saqlain out of anger.
Thank God that he forgave me, otherwise I had made a great mistake.
It seems that Areeba has become suspicious. A scene was created at home yesterday. It was hard for me to control it.
I'm shocked at you. Why do you cut a barren woman so much slack?
What are you saying? She's my wife and I don't want her to know anything about you.
Alright, then leave me and live a happy life with your wife.
This is no place to create a scene. Sit down.
Sit down.
When will you marry me?
What's with you? I don't know how to make you understand...
I don't want to understand.
Nor, do I want to be convinced by you.
Soon, you'll have to make a decision, before my mother does.
Saqlain I fear losing you. How can I make you understand that?