How long will it take for our passports to get made?
Not long.
Do you know how nice you are?
You don't refuse anything I say and that makes me love you more
It's because you are so important to me. As time passes you are becoming more important to me.
Without you, it's hard to make time pass by.
Then don't leave me to go to Areeba.
I don't want to go there. I don't even want to see her face.
But what can I do? Besides, we will be together next week and no one will bother us.
Should we do some shopping? I think it will be very cold in Turkey.
I did find out about that and yes it will be very cold.
This doesn't seem nice to me...
I'm shopping with your money, but I'll return your money tomorrow.
Why would you do that? It's a gift from me to you.
Gift?
Yes... why?
Like Aruba is a friend of yours and how she can give you gifts...
Am I not your friend?
No, it's not like that.
You're my friend as well... but...
But?
Look, I don't want to hurt your feeling at all.
And thank you for this.
There's a shop there which sells perfumes.
I needed to buy some perfume, can we go there?
Of course, why not? Let's go there.
Come on.
What happened?
Brother Saqlain is inside. It will be trouble if he sees us. Let's go!
This wretched man... he always comes out of nowhere to become a bother for me. Because of him, I can't buy my perfume.
Alright, let's go.
Sister...
What's the matter? Mother was telling me that you are very worried.
I'm worried because of my mother.
Look... because of mother all of us are worried...
But I know that you're upset because of something else. That day I noticed that you were very silent and worried that day.
Is everything alright? Did you argue with brother Saqlain?
No... we had no argument.
Then what is the matter? Share it with me... I'm your sister.
It's possible that I can find a solution to this.
If you share with me it will lessen the load off of your heart.
Mahnoor... sometimes it seems to me that Saqlain has grown tired of me. He always works...
He just works. It seems that he uses his work as an excuse to not spend time with me,
Are you sure that he's only because of work?
I mean... is there someone...
Another woman in her life?
No sister, I didn't mean that at all.
I might have a million indifferences with brother Saqlain, but I cannot guide you wrong in his matter.
You're the one who is always telling me that brother Saqlain is your biggest support. He went against his aunt's wishes of remarrying him.
It is like that.
If he wanted to marry another woman, he would have done it then.
He had the right to do that as well.
I don't understand what you're saying.
If that isn't the reason... then why is Saqlain drifting away from me?
Is your behavior the reason behind him drifting away?
I can feel that you're worried...
You've consumed yourself with the fact that you don't have a child.
I think this is the reason that you're overthinking and staying worried.
You're driving brother Saqlain away.
It's not in your hands, nor his for you guys to have children.
This is in the hands of God, that's why I think you shouldn't overthink this.
The desire of having a child is built in all of us. That is Saqlain's wish as well...
I get scared when I...
think that he might leave me.
Don't think so negatively. That is not good for your mental health.
I'm just worried for mother. I want to take a second opinion about her condition.
Once I get done with this... I'll take an appointment with a great doctor and take you there.
I've taken an appointment with a doctor. Be sure to come with me.
Alright, we'll go together.
Ramsha was telling me that you lost a chain that brother Faraz gave to you.
Yes...
Where can it go from your room? You should take care of your stuff.
I don't what happened, I looked everywhere, but I can't find it.
It's obvious that someone from your home took it.
No... why would someone do that?
The chain didn't just get and walk away.
I'm sure someone took it.
I don't know. As I said, you won't worry about anything else.
No matter what problem it is, you can call me and meet up with me.
I know.
Pass me the bread.
Here you go.
Did you find your chain? Did you check at your mother's place?
Yes, I checked everywhere.
It isn't there. I told you that I didn't take it there.
It's possible that you didn't bring it here.
Mother, I think we should finish this topic here.
Mahnoor has looked for it everywhere, what can we do if she couldn't find it?
But, be careful moving forward. Your things are your responsibility.
Next time if you lose anything, no one should ask us any questions.
Ramsha! Ramsha!
Yes, mother?
How much money did Saqlain give you yesterday? These are a little less.
I needed some money, so I took some.
You are wasting money. I just gave your pocket money to you last week and I also gave you money separately to shop.
Yes, you did. But I needed money to buy my friend a gift for her birthday. That's why I took it from you.
Didn't you hear what Saqlain said... he said that we need to control our expenses.
You should stop wasting money. I don't want to add any burden on Saqlain.
Sure...
I don't want you to make this mistake again.
Shall I keep this?
Sure.
What about this one?
No, not this one... the other one.
Sure.
How about this one?
Yes.
I wanted to ask you when you will be back from Turkey.
It will take me a week.
And yes... you should pack your stuff. Go to your mother, otherwise, I will be worried that you’re staying here alone.
I need to have these papers signed by auntie tomorrow. I'll drop you off and have these signed.
I talked to the property dealer. By the time I come back this property issue will be resolved as well.
Are you going alone?
What do you mean? Who else will go with me?
You said that it was a business tour, so I thought that you were going with some office colleagues.
No, I'm going alone.
Put these papers in my briefcase.
Sure.
Whose books are these?
Mine...
Yours?
They are way too much... it seems you like studying.
One has to study a lot to do their CSS.
CSS?
You're preparing for the CSS exams?
Yes... this is a dream of mine.
Why didn't you fulfill this wish?
Some incidents happened in my life...
that I had to start working, then I couldn't find the chance.
If you can't find time to study because of your job, then you can leave your job.
Fulfill this desire of yours.
My preparation is almost done.
But I don't know why I'm nervous.
A brilliant person like you should get nervous.
I'm sure that you will pass this exam, like how you'll pass every test that life throws your way.
You trust me so much.
Of course.
To tell you the truth, more than the exams I'm worried that auntie might not like it.
Because if I manage to clear the CSS exams, I won't be able to give much time at home.
No one can become a hurdle to your success. That I can promise you.
Seeing the size of these books scares me.
Good luck.
Thank you.
Sure... it's final from our end. No, we have more stock than is required.
Mahnoor.
Sure... what figures do you have? Okay, thank you.
What is it?
Look at what I brought you.
What is it?
What is this?
The registration of the exams has begun and the date has been announced,
What are you thinking?
Aren't these dates very close by?
Yes, but it's only a coincidence. They occur every time on those dates
You still have more four months.
I'm ready but...
At least try, even if you don't pass this year, you can try again next year.
Right now fill out this form. Attach the required documents as well, so that I can submit them.
Okay.
Listen... what happened to mother's appointment.
About that, I got a message.
The appointment is the day after tomorrow. Be sure to keep all of her reports.
Alright fine... I'll leave work early today. I'll visit mother and then I'll come home. Is there any problem with that?
Mother asked you for the papers a few days ago and you had the papers made so quickly.
Will we keep running behind this issue endlessly?
Besides, these are NOC papers that only state that auntie has no objections to selling this house.
It will take a lot of time for this house to be sold. Auntie, please sign this.
One here as well.
Greetings*
Come here.
It's alright...
How are you?
I'm fine.
How are you?
How are you brother Saqlain? Sister Areeba how are you?
I'm fine.
I'm fine as well. How are you and what's going on?
I'm fine as well... nothing but sleep, and work.
Your in-laws have burdened you greatly.
They are very greedy people. They're making you work even after your marriage.
I used to work a job even before my marriage.
They never even discuss it.
Why would they?
Everyone likes money coming in.
Besides, this is a personal matter, and I have no right to interfere.
Take care, auntie. Until I come back, you have to take care of yourself.
I'm giving you Areeba's responsibility as well.
Don't worry, my prayers are with you.
That's good.
Farewell*
Mother, I'll be back.
Are you fine?
Much better.
What kind of file did brother Saqlain have?
They were NOC papers...
NOC?
Mother asked him to sell the other home we have. He brought NOC papers for that and mother signed them as well.
Mother, you sold that house and didn't even tell me about it.
My dear, that house is in dire condition.
The walls are crumbling. Before it falls I thought it was wise to sell it.
I've had the papers signed, now I'm the owner.
Handle everything quickly...
And yes, the rate should be good.
It will be sir...
But what if they expressed the desire to look at it?
You know how people are.
For that, wait for my return.
I will figure something out. But start finding people and pick a good rate.
Don't worry sir... I will find them. Farewell.
How's your mother feeling now?
She's better than before.
I don't feel a difference between daughters and sons...
but if one has a son, daughters need not run to their homes every day.
That other sister you have...
How much time has passed since her marriage?
Something like seven years...
Seven years?
And they still don't have a child? What's the problem?
That's what God wishes.
That is true, but there is always a reason...
I mean some sort of problem.
I think she has a medical issue.
Then why doesn't she have herself checked up by a doctor?
She is...
After a few days, she has an appointment with a doctor as well.
May God have mercy. May Faraz be blessed with a child.
May God create ease for her as well.
How I've yearned to see happiness in my home.
Nowadays I can't seem to get well. My legs hurt, otherwise, I would have helped you out.
I will go and rest. Aima has her paper as well, she's studying inside.
No need for that, I'll take care of everything. Go and rest.
Where's Mahnoor?
Kitchen.
Faraz...
He can't see his mother. He's always looking for his wife.
May I?
Did you have something for me?
I did...
But now I've forgotten it.
What's for dinner?
Potatoes and eggplant.
Potatoes and eggplant?
I'll make the flatbreads and then we'll eat.
Mahir...
Yes?
What were you doing in Faraz's room?
I went to meet him.
But he's not in his room, he's in the kitchen.
Yes, I know that's why I came back to my room.
What do you want with him?
I'll tell brother about it.
I'm sure you must want to ask for money for your heavy bike.
Yes!
Don't you dare ask him for money for such a useless thing!
In this time of inflation, it has become hard to even manage the necessary expenses.
And you want money for useless things.
Is everything alright?
A friend of mine is selling his heavy bike. He's selling it at a low price.
Brother if you don't have the money, it's fine, we can pay him in installments. He's a good friend of mine.
Brother, it's my dream to own a heavy bike, please don't refuse.
Sure, alright. Let me arrange for your fees first...
After that, we'll take care of the bike.
Thank you so much. I should get going.
Faraz! By fulfilling his useless wishes you are spoiling him.
It's his wish, who will fulfill it if I don't?
Mother and I are going out today.
We'll be back in a while.
At this hour? It's time for supper.
I know... 
But I feel like eating out today.
We didn't need to come out to eat, I would have eaten at home.
You complain that I don't share my problems with you.
And you're hiding something from me.
I eat almost everything, I just don't like eating a few vegetables.
You can't hide everything from me.
But I do understand you. It would have been better if you had told me.
I like ice cream a lot.
Sure we'll eat that as well.
Come on.
Wait a minute, is this your heavy bike?
Yes, it is...
Anyways, how do I look riding it?
You look like a hero. You look very handsome.
I know.
Will you go on a ride with me?
On a ride? Why not?
Come on.
Twenty-five thousand.
Sure.
I thought I'd kept more.
Here you go.
Here's your bill.
Thank you.
Go inside opd three, you'll find the doctor there.
Thank you.
That's strange, Mahnoor.
Mother's doctor added this medicine after looking at her report. How can this doctor advise surgery?
Sister Areeba this doctor is very senior and very experienced.
He's our consultant senior, and on top of that, he's a specialist as well. After seeing these reports he said...
that it would be wise to do the surgery as soon as possible. Because there is no other option apart from surgery.
I think if you aren't satisfied you should come with us.
We can make an appointment with auntie's consultant again.
Faraz, it's not about if I'm satisfied or not. Saqlain knows all about mother's medical history.
And he's the one who has always taken mother to the hospital.
I'm sure that Saqlain must have satisfied himself. Apart from that mother has been well since that day.
I don't know why you don't understand that these medicines are only helping her temporarily.
This is having no effect on her health. That's why she's having trouble breathing.
Look Mahnoor... doing a bypass on mother is a big decision.
Saqlain is not here.
So... we should not take any decision right now.
Alright then, we'll wait for brother Saqlain. Until then we can make up our minds, as well as auntie’s.
There's no emergency. This surgery can be planned as well.
But we don't know when brother Saqlain...
What is the matter? Why did you get so quiet?
Is it something that you guys are hiding from me?
Faraz, is everything alright?
Yes, it is, please have a seat.
Why do they seem worried to me?
Auntie, actually...
they are still worried because of how you got unwell that day.
I'm just telling them that you're fine now and there's nothing to worry about.
He's right. I'm completely fine.
Don't worry.