Ramsha... Ramsha...
Is that girl even awake yet, or not? 
There should be a limit to such things
Mother, what's wrong? Why are you being so angry?
Look at how irresponsible she is.
The van guy will be here any moment, he will blow his horn and disturb the entire neighborhood.
I have a solution for this. 
Go upstairs, I'll bring you breakfast and I'll wake her up as well. Don't be angry.
Wake her up and make her understand as well.
Sure.
There should be a limit to one's irresponsibility.
Ramsha!
Get up... you will be scolded by mother very badly.
 You never learn. I'm making breakfast for mother, so get up!
What is the problem?
Everyone knows I have to go to college daily and I have to get up daily for it...
Besides, the divas are always last to show up.
So why don't they wait for a while?
Yes, this much is enough.
Greetings*
Here is your breakfast.
The color of the tea is very good.
I'll feel better if the taste is as better.
I'll check on Ramsha, and see if she's ready or not.
I'll get ready for work as well, I'm running late.
I wonder when will Ramsha change and take a hold of some responsibilities around the house.
Get up, the tea is getting cold.
Is the sugar alright?
It's just fine.
Did you iron my clothes?
Yes, I have. Take a shower, until then I'll serve breakfast.
Hurry up... I have to sort out your mother's issues before work. There is a new problem every day.
Don't we have enough problems? Then why do we have to include other people's problems in our life?
If I refuse then it will look bad.
No, it's not like that.
Alright fine...
Where is she? That girl has never been to college on time. Ramsha hurry up, you're running late.
The phone is ringing, where is it?
Let's go... I'll get late again as well.
Wear your shoes...
It's fine that way... alright then...
Farewell*
Oh my God... he blows his horn so hard!
I'm coming... wait!
Ramsha, why do you do this every day?
My throat gets sore from waking you up every day and this van guy...
he blows the horn so hard. The entire neighborhood gets disturbed...
but you're so stubborn that it does not affect you.
I have a good answer for you, but right now I'm running late.
Farewell.
Come back then...
I'll sort you out then.
She left the door open as well.
What is the problem?
Why are you boiling your blood? You know it will not affect her.
Let her come back in the evening...
I'll sort her out in such a way that it will have a lasting effect.
Why are you getting so angry at her? All girls her age is like that.
But you have become very strict towards her.
You were not like that. You're only two years older than her.
You go to university, you have a job and you make breakfast as well.
When you come back from work, you also make dinner. On top of that, you read those books as well.
That girl doesn't even do one thing properly.
I don't have a job, I have an internship.
Besides, college studies are very hard.
It's like she's the only one who is a human.
Rather, she's the best of human beings...
No, you're completely wrong about that.
Because someone else is the best among human beings...
I don't understand...
I'm talking about brother Saqlain...
He's an angel...
For God's sake mother...
Let him stay human, don't turn him into an angel, otherwise, you'll be disappointed someday.
Sometimes I think I've made a mistake by educating you too much,
You are making fun of me.
I can never make fun of you.
I'm running late, I should get going. I wonder if the cab is here or not.
Yes, it's here.
Farewell, mother. Don't worry if I'm late.
Farewell*
Greetings*
How are you?
I'm fine, how are you?
I'm fine as well.
Are you going to university? Come on, I'll drop you off.
No... thank you so much. Why would you go through the trouble? 
Besides I'm going to work, not university.
Farewell.
Saqlain my dear. Greetings. When did you get here?
Just now.
Come in...
I was going to go and solve that store issue. That guy is holding the rent and causing a lot of issues.
I think now it's time we'll have to use the stick.
My dear, don't fight with him too much.
We don't need the money that much. I'm fine with the money he's giving us
It's not about the money, it's about the principal. 
It's written in his contract that he'll fulfill the rent every three years.
Anyways, don't worry about him. He's my problem now.
Bless you, my dear. I don't worry when you're here. You've handled everything so brilliantly
Mahnoor's father used to do this but after he was gone...
You should worry a bit as well...
Such a lack of worry is not good.
What do you mean my dear?
I saw Ramsha outside in the van, she was chuckling out loud in the van.
Try and make her understand that girls from good families don't behave this way.
And ask her to sit inside the van.
 If something were to happen, I'll be the one who will be embarrassed.
Alright, my dear, don't get angry, I'll make her understand when she comes here.
Shall I make tea for you?
No need, I had breakfast at home.
I should get going to work. I'll get you the groceries in the evening. I hope there's no rush, will you be able to manage?
Don't worry about it, everything is present at home. Get it for us, when you have the time.
Alright, I'll get going then.
Bless you.
Farewell*
Who are all these people?
They are here for interviews.
It means that he's very busy. I needed to discuss something with him.
I'll do it late...
Excuse me...
Yes?
You're Mr. Khalil's daughter, right?
But, who are you? I didn't recognize you.
We are your tenants.
Oh... I don't know who lives in our home. My brother-in-law takes care of such matters.
Yes, your father was a nice and kind-hearted man. He never bothered us.
Who is bothering you?
Your father and my father were friends. He knew our conditions.
That's why he had fixed a low rent, he did that as to not hurt my father's ego.
He wanted to take no rent. But now the rent is being increased every year, which we cannot afford.
My father has lost his job, and on top of that, he's sick.
 I was thinking of coming to you guys and talking about it...
We're very worried, and we can't take it anymore. It's a coincidence that I recognized you
Your picture was in the newspapers after you got that position.
Don't worry about it, there will be no burden on you anymore.
Alright.
I came here for a job, please pray for me.
All the best.
You got ready so quickly. The wedding is at night, will you leave now?
Who's going to the wedding? I have some work that I need to do.
You said that you intended on going to Fawad's wedding, that's why you don't want to visit Saqlain.
I didn't promise, I just said it. 
It's not like he properly invited me. He saw that I was in Pakistan and he invited me.
It's been two days since I've been in Pakistan, why should I run off to meet your loving nephew?
During your childhood, we brought you to the city and then you went abroad for studies...
but you still have that feudal approach to things, just like your father? Why do you take everything to your ego?
One shouldn't be hurt by what friends do. That's not how it's supposed to be.
Anyways, what can I say? Saqlain, respect me a lot.
When you're not here, he is the one who takes care of me.
Think how I would have managed if he wasn't here.
You think it's my ego, but I think it's my insult.
Everyone has their point of view. As far as you living alone is concerned...
In a few months, I'll be back, and that will be solved as well.
Yes, indeed. You should go to Fawad's wedding.
He's your childhood friend, and he won't come to your wedding if you don't go.
I don't care.
I don't care if anyone comes to my wedding. It's not like I'm getting married tomorrow.
If it were up to me, I would marry you tomorrow.
All of your friends are married, I have chosen a lot f girls and...
No...
We will not talk about this. It's been only two days.
If not right now, we will talk about it later.
And I will do this at any cost before you leave.
Mother... my dear mother, that will affect my studies badly.
My time is very important, my attention will get diverted. 
I need my attention to be, where I need it to be.
Marriage is an important life decision. I'll engage you before you leave.
And... when your education is complete, I'll marry you when you come back.
Sure... we'll talk about this later.
I'll get going...
I made breakfast for you. Sit down and have breakfast.
This tea was enough breakfast for me...
Hurry on back at night, I'll be waiting for you.
Farewell.
That boy doesn't listen. 
What should I do with all this breakfast?
Now the rent is increased every year, which we cannot afford. Father lost his job and he's unwell too.
It seems you are lost deep in your thoughts.
It seems you're thinking about something special.
Work... I don't even have any average ideas.
Nothing special.
Stop writing then, what need is there to bang your head over this?
Let's go out somewhere and have lunch.
No... I can't leave this, besides I have to finish this content at any cost today.
Mahnoor you take your work way too seriously.
Have you ever seen me like this?
Yes... because you do this as per your liking and I love this work. You know that, right?
After two days my university will start and I won't find the time for this.
Try taking some time out for me, 
I need your time as well.
Tell me...
What are you worried about?
I'm not worried, the problem is that life is small and I have to do a lot.
I have to prepare for exams and then I have to complete this content.
And there are thousand other things.
You think that I can't read your face. I know very well...
that you're disturbed. 
Tell me, what is the problem?
Mother, I swear I didn't do that.
Why did you put your face out the window and chuckle so loudly?
If you ever do something like that I'll make you sit at home, understand?
So what if I sat on the outside seat, I feel suffocated inside. What's so wrong with what I did?
Why don't you get smart about this?
If Saqlain sees you again, he'll get very angry.
Why would he get angry?
Why would he be angry?
 I ask you why does he intrude so much in our life.
Did father make him our security guard?
You're talking nonsense.
He's like your elder brother. 
He takes care of us and he takes on responsibility for this house.
If he weren't here...
Nothing would have happened... when father died, God didn't leave us.
And I know that in the future God will help us as well.
Besides, worldly support is only temporary.
You're saying that because you're educated.
It was a hard time when your father died, if it weren't for Saqlain...
then today...
I'm not dead, I'm still alive...
I know you've studied more than me, but I'm your mother...
It's not like that. Who's refusing to follow your orders, all I'm saying...
is that who gave brother Saqlain the right to affect our environment badly?
I gave him that right?
He takes care of this house, he worries himself for us.
Because of him, we get all our rent for our shops and houses, at home.
If we had to do this ourselves, then tell me, how would we have done this?
There should be a limit to one's ingratitude. 
Seven years have passed since your sister's marriage.
Still, she doesn't have a child, but still, he's with your sister.
What did you do? So much salt?
It's like poison!
Is it that much?
I added the usual amount.
Are you trying to say that I'm lying?
I'll make something new for you.
No need... I'll eat out.
No need for that. It will take two minutes.
You should have done that earlier.
maybe I made a mistake. But I'll be careful in the future.
I'm already very worried, and you don't take care of me.
Is everything alright at work?
It's not work, it's your family.
Gathering the rent, depositing it in their account.... 
buying the groceries... on top of that there's so much else to do.
After that, I had to drop Mahnoor off at the university.
I can understand. You do more than your fair share for us.
You have taken responsibility for everyone. Mother, Mahi... Ramsha...
I'm gracious indebted to you.
Auntie Irham often tells me...
that I should marry again.
But my heart isn't set on it. If we don't have a child...
then it's not your fault. 
We can't do anything in front of God's will.
I'll make something.
What are you doing?
Can't you see what I'm doing?
Thank God there were lentils made at home because of brother Saqlain, otherwise, we'd had to stay hungry all night.
I asked mother if I should do the groceries, but mother refused, saying that brother Saqlain might mind.
He'll die... if we had even gone to buy a gram of sugar he would have acted like the sky was falling.
I won't be able to eat lentils... I'm very hungry...
I'm ordering something for myself, will you eat something?
I don't want to eat, you can order for yourself.
I don't have money, give me some.
I'm not asking mother, she will scold me.
Alright... sure. Take it from my purse.
Thank you.
Who's calling you at this hour?
It's my friend.
I know who's calling you at this hour, let me talk to him.
Where's that money?
Were you sleeping?
Not so early. Ramsha just ordered pizza.
It will take an hour till it's delivered and until then she will keep blabbing.
You didn't tell me why you were worried at work today.
It's just...
When someone wants to do something and can't, then one does get upset.
What is it that you can't do?
You're the person who takes life on like a challenge.
When did you get so helpless?
We don't have power over anything.
Some things we need to endure because they are attached to the happiness of people we care about.
There's nothing greater than the happiness of our family.
You're right.
You know, auntie often asks me to marry again.
Turn off the lights, I'm tired.
Wow... amazing. It seems brother Saqlain is coming today.
Because all preparations are for him.
We'll be humiliated by him if we don't prepare for him.
He'll humiliate us nonetheless. He will find something, and you can bet me on that.
What vile things are you two saying about your brother-in-law, have you guys no shame?
Ramsha help your sister. I don't want to hear anything like that again. 
Hurry up... Areeba and Saqlain will be here any moment.
It makes no difference if sister Areeba comes or not. All of this is for your son-in-law, who in actuality is your son.
Yes, he is my son. He's the son-in-law of this house and sons-in-law should be respected.
Sure... the nonsense you two talk about.
You don't let us say anything in front of brother Saqlain.
Don't act so smart, otherwise, I'll give you a backhand. Help your sister.
And yes... don't do anything stupid in front of Saqlain, understand?
Can anyone say anything in front of brother Saqlain, does he even allow that?
Silence yourself.
Forget it... I'll ask the maids to take them inside.
It's alright... they are very small. I can carry them.
All these gifts belong to Ramsha and Mahnoor. You wasted so much time buying those for them.
Besides, I won't like it if you carry things for someone else.
Come in, I'll ask them to get it.
Mother! Mahnoor!
Areeba you're here!
I can't seem to find the time. Where are Mahnoor and Ramsha?
They're in the kitchen, preparing lunch.
That means that you've gone through so much trouble for us again.
Bless you, my dear.
I've asked you so many times to not go through this trouble, and I feel ashamed.
It's not trouble, who will I make lunch for if not you guys?
I tell mother...
the same thing. Brother Saqlain is no stranger. He comes here daily to make us work.
Mahnoor is right. I don't like making you work.
From now on whenever we come here we'll eat whatever is made.
Alright fine... remember that for the future. 
Don't forget about it when we make lentils and rice in the future.
Silence yourself. Don't bother him. Come inside my dear.
Let them joke around. Who will they joke around with, if not me?
You know this is how our relationship is.
I brought your medicine. They were short in the market, so I had to visit a few pharmacies.
These are some gifts from Areeba and me...
for Ramsha and Mahnoor...
There was no need for this...
You do so much for them. Because of them, they are in this position.
What are you saying? That's very bad... 
why are you giving credit brother Saqlain for our hard work?
He only helps us financially... otherwise we help ourselves.
Does everything happen on its own?
You two stay busy with your studies.
Saqlain wastes his energy on you two...
Forget this... don't mind them.
Mother is right. Let's forget about this and talk about business.
Brother Saqlain, that other home we have, father has fixed its rent, it has been like that for a long time...
But you are increasing the rent for it every year and you haven't told anyone about this.
Indeed, that is true.
But not as much as that property is worth. I shared that with auntie, maybe you remember it.
I can't keep track of such things.
You maybe don't... but I do...
Auntie, the property tax and maintenance goes from that money. There are other requirements as well.
If you have any doubts I can write it for you.
Why would you do that? 
There is no one here who should be asking you for an account for anything.
If she has a complaint, then that means that she wants an account. I'm not a cheater auntie...
Nor am I in any greed. 
I'm doing this because I want to do something good for you...
But I think you won't be needing me anymore, so from now on I won't be doing anything.
I won't be able to help you out.
Mahnoor has grown up.
She can do everything on her own.
No Saqlain, she cannot.
That's not my problem.
I should get going.
What about lunch?
There will be no need for that.
What Mahnoor said was enough for me.
Are you coming, or do you want to stay?
I'm coming.
I think you should stay. 
They worked hard on making lunch. 
It will go to waste.
Saqlain... listen to me...
Sister...
Wait... I will go with you.