Many congratulations!
I don't want it
You too
May God make this relationship blessed
Amen!
Auntie, tell me what is the next plan?
Ashir is leaving in 3 or 4 days. I was thinking what if we do some ritual before he leaves?
yes, you are right
Wedding would happen once Ashir and Mahi are done with studies
what if we do their engagement in two days
I'm sorry I'm interrupting
I don't believe in engagement
I don't believe in wasting my time in these rituals
I want us to get married in two days
mother
umm .. Yes, I don't have an objection
Matters are finally resolved
You give us wedding date now. Departure would be after they have completed their studies
I respect your wish
but ..
how will we be able to prepare for wedding after 2 days?
auntie, you don't have to do anything. You just order us.
All the arrangements would be done. I'm here. I'll manage
Yes, but I'm telling you. I won't wear old clothes
You are worried about yourself?
We will take you for shopping. But Mahnoor needs it the most
have sweets. We got 2 good news
Wasif sir... these sweetmeats
Sweet? Is everything okay?
Ms. Mahnoor is distributing it. Its her wedding
Mahnoor's Wedding!
Wasif
You had left?
Why are you back now?
Oh .. may be to see
how am I mourning for the loss?
please ..
you were right Mahnoor
No one can give life for anyone
look
I'm alive .. still
words and promise are more important than life
Am I not fulfilling my promise?
It was you who decided to leave me
Please Wasif
I think that there is no use of arguing about it
will you live happily without me?
Happiness of my own people is more important to me
Also .. I told you that I don't want to marry right now. Anyways ..
These are my personal matters
You don't have to do anything with it
You are my issue
you might not know but you are very important to me
I feel that I have lost everything in a moment.
I have become a beggar
Mahnoor
Don't do this to yourself
and to me too
I was thinking to resign
whenever we'll face each other
you'd go through the same pain
now when our routes are different, I want to them to part properly
its just ..
I came to say, take care of yourself
Mahnoor
I want them to part properly
Thankfully, everything was done well
there were some awkward moments
but its okay. It happens
I am just satisfied
whatever I thought, was fulfilled.
Now when you'll be back in 6 months time, I will bring my daughter in law home
by the way, can't you extend the leaves? I am not done spending time with you.
Also, your in laws have planned many dinners. What do I tell them? You don't have any time
Mother, you know that whatever I do is pre-planned.
These dinners are just total waste of time.
Fine! As you wish
Listen, I wanted to ask you to stay in contact with Mahnoor.
I will give her number
Whats the need of me contacting her?
She is your wife now.
The more you'll talk the better the understanding would be
Mother, I go there for studies. I don't have spare time to do this.
I can't afford to divert my focus
Also, for God's sake ask them not to have crowd on airport.
I'll go the way I used to before
Fine, as you wish
I have packed your luggage. If there is anything missing, do let me know
thank you!
okay?
Can I have your hand?
umm .. by the way sister
there is no comparison between both the rings
I'm saying that it looks cheap
Ramsha, don't talk like this
Flight was on time? I asked Saqlain to meet Ashir on airport
I hope he reaches safely
you do give him my love.
Infact, give me his number. I'll talk to him myself
Yes! Do let me know when he arrives. Thanks a lot. Bye!
umm
I was talking to Erum. Ashir is about to reach
Where are you going early in the morning?
I'll go to office and put my resign
Then I'll go to university
Bye!
Put it on boss's table. Its my resignation letter
Can I say something? I hope you won't mind
No, what is it?
The reason you are leaving, he has already left yesterday
I think he has got admission in some university in USA. He was telling this to sir.
I think you should stay here and complete your internship.
There is no need to go from here.
mother? mother, give me food. Where is everyone? I'm too hungry
there is no one at home
Salma? Where is mother?
She is praying
Okay! What's in lunch?
chicken
Please give me food quickly. I'm too hungry. I can't explain.
Also, its too hot outside
really?
yes!
but you have cooked chicken. I'm going outside. Bring it quickly
Okay!
Ramsha, eat slowly. It will stuck in your throat
nothing happens. I'm too hungry
You haven't even changed your clothes and here you are having lunch? When will you learn manners?
what is it? I will change. I'm too hungry
you should learn manners. Look at your bag
I will pick it up
hey Saqlain, you have a long life. I was about to call you. Electricity bill is here
who was that guy?
I'm asking something
Which guy? Whom are you talking about?
the one who was following you behind van
I told you to stop her.
She sits in van but she is mostly hanging outside the window.
She was doing the same today
I don't know whom are you talking about
Am I telling a lie?
O no! You can't lie
Ramsha, didn't I stop you?
I want to know who that guy is?
Since how long is this going on?
I don't know
auntie, she isn't going to college from tomorrow.
I'll call the driver and ask him not to come
the drama that is going on will end
O no .. Saqlain? Saqlain, listen to me?
what did he say?
what did I do?
enough! enough of crying now
why shouldn't I cry?
brother Saqlain has put such a big blame on me
mother, if a guy is following my van then what's my fault? I didn't ask him
what happened? Why is she crying like this?
Sister? sister?
what is it Ramsha? Tell me?
Brother Saqlain said that I won't go to college from tomorrow and forbade me to go
why not?
tell me one thing, who is brother Saqlain to put these restrictions on us?
why is he trying to be a God?
instead of scolding her, you are calling him bad? That poor person ..
Mother please, stop considering him poor.
I won't let him ruin Ramsha's life. She will definitely go to college
Mahi .. why do you want to again start a fight with Saqlain.?
You know what happened earlier ..
I am not interested in fighting with him if he'd stop interfering in our matters.
I don't want to fight
matter isn't that small, Mahi
who ever that guy is. The van crosses that path and comes to our home.
People would talk if they'd see something
are you scared of people? People do make stories
If Ramsha the only girl who goes in that van? 15 or 20 other girls travel daily
he might be following some other girl.
Also, for example if you are crossing a street and a dog starts barking at you, will you hide inside your house because of that dog?
won't you scare it instead?
paths can be changed too
Stopping Ramsha's studies isn't an option, mother
I'm with Ramsha in this matter
This is about her future. I won't let anyone to ruin her life.
As far as van is concerned, I'll talk to the driver myself.
I'll take this responsibility but she will go to college
don't you worry
you go prepare yourself. You will definitely go to college
you took the right decision.
I have also asked mother not to send Ramsha alone anywhere
you know very well what your sister Mahnoor did
huh?
then be thankful that it was kept hidden just because of me
and she got committed to a good person
now Ramsha?
what do they want? Do they want to ruin my reputation?
Why are you standing here? Aren't you getting late for college? Come quickly and have breakfast.
breakfast is ready mother
come quickly
have breakfast
I think your van is here
hmm
what?
its okay. I'll have it later
fine! bye
bye!
bye!
I knew that this would be happening here
because its hard to listen to me
you are wrong.
We don't have a problem in listening to you.
But I do have a problem with listening to your wrong decisions
if you'll keep forcing your decisions on us then we will get hurt.
And its obvious that no one tolerates injustice
Mahi, be quiet
its okay
let her speak
I want to listen how much poison is filled in her heart for me
its not like this
it is. This isn't happening for the first time that Mahnoor is objecting my decision.
Now she is standing to compete with me as well
I am not interested in competing with you nor do I have such intentions.
But I won't let you stop Ramsha's studies
What do you want to do by putting such restrictions?
I want to save her life.
These restrictions that you think are unreasonable,
God forbid if she starts following your path
what do you mean?
my path? What have I done brother Saqlain? Speak openly
speak openly?
You are having an affair with a guy by making your studies and internship and excuse
Brother Saqlain, stop putting these blames
I don't need to?
I have no relation. It is you who is in relationship.
God knows what you do with him
Now be quiet otherwise..
what? Auntie ask both of your daughters to stay in their limits
This drama won't take time to reach auntie and Ashir.
You know it well that these things spread very quickly and they burn everything
I will be insulted only but your dignity will be ruined.
Rest is up to you
this is why I asked you not to let others take decisions of your family
but you didn't listen to me
how dare him
I don't need to. I have no relation.
It is you who is in relationship. God knows what you do with him
Mahi?
Do you believe what brother Saqlain was saying? Or do you trust me?
I did leave the house but I never broke your trust
I was friends with Wasif but I never crossed my limits.
Then who is he to point fingers at my character?
You don't need to say anything Mahi. I trust you completely
If you do then why didn't you answer him?
no one can be answered that easily. Also Saqlain is...
why? why not?
anyone comes to our house and character assassinates me and we stay quiet because we are in relationship with him?
why can't we answer him and make him stop so that they can't talk like this
come my child and sit
its easy to say but its difficult to shut people
I am scared what if your in laws would come to know about it
I don't care if they'd come to know about it. I'm not scared when I haven't done anything
Mahnoor, be sensible
emotional decisions always hurt us
My child, wait for few days and let things get better.
I'll talk to Saqlain properly. I'll also ask your sister to talk to Saqlain
Sister Areeba is a puppet of him.
What would she say? She can't do anything
Listen?
Mother called
Okay? She called to request?
No, it isn't like that. She wanted to talk about what you said regarding Mahnoor
Do you know I haven't seen more foolish woman in my life than your mother
She was complaining about your husband with you
it isn't like this
mother has never complained about you.
And what do you think
I would let them do it?
then why did she mention Mahnoor matter?
what does she want? She wants us to fight?
No, she was saying that auntie Erum and Ashir shouldn't find it out
hmm? And who would tell them?
Look, it was about my family. This is why I got Mahnoor married early.
It doesn't take long for someone to blame a girl.
And now when I have decided Ramsha to stay home, Mahnoor started fighting with me
Mahnoor isn't fighting with you
Look, I never wanted to talk to her like this. She forced me
That girl is coming after me again and again. Do what you want to do
Go and do what you want to do. The world is yours. Go!
I'm leaving
Ramsha?
Ramsha, your phone is ringing. Why aren't you picking it up?
I don't want to pick anyone's phone. You do one thing, take this phone and give it to brother Saqlain
Do one thing, strangle me and kill me so that you can get rid of me
hello?
yes my child, Ramsha isn't coming to college today. She is sleeping.
She isn't fine. I told you that she won't come to college
fine!
I was finding you. Sir has given this file and asked to correct the mistakes
fine! Farah?
yes?
Is everything okay at home?
yes, everything is fine
and how is uncle?
father is fine now
how is your job going?
perfect
umm
Actually, I was too occupied with work that I forgot. 
I remember that you talked about house rent and I told you that my brother in law deals this all
We don't live at your house now. Actually, we couldn't afford the rent
Your brother in law sent the notice so we vacated quickly
you have vacated the house?
but brother Saqlain hasn't told anything to us. We don't know anything
its obvious, Mahnoor. You are concerned about house rent.
 You are getting it on time so why would you care who lives there.
umm
anyways, its your house. We can't live by force
mother, it was father's friend who were the tenants
do you know that brother Saqlain asked them to vacate the house. 
He sent the notice as well. Do you know this?
no, Saqlain didn't mention this. But he did mention the matter of shop
I can't explain how much worried they were. 
Farha told me. Shouldn't have brother Saqlain discussed it with us at least?
yes
umm .. mother
hmm
Is it possible that I handle all the property issues myself
yes, why not? You can handle everything. 
You are capable of this now
now throw Saqlain out and become the boss of this family
its obvious, when elders can't fulfill their duty then youngsters have to take responsibility
are you listening? Ask her what she really wants?
Let things go the way they are going. Let Saqlain handle the house and shop both
we are women. We can't run like men
That's the problem. We women consider ourselves incapable. 
We think that men can do everything.
 And because we are women, we can't do anything
but mother, I'm not like other women. I'm free from these barriers
I don't think that there is anything that men can do but women can't
until God is with me, No one can defeat me
this girl has lost her mind
I will ask you to restrict her at home too, like Ramsha. 
Mother, you don't know Ashir. I know him well. 
He won't tolerate her attitude
He himself is a pampered guy. 
Auntie doesn't get tired of spoiling her son
If she'd find out that her daughter in law has these thoughts, 
she won't like her
I'm thinking that its been many days that Ashir left, but he hasn't contacted. 
He should have at least contacted Mahi
Mother, leave it. 
Its better that they both don't talk to each other
also, your daughter isn't interested in talking to him
it isn't about interest. Its important to talk
your daughter is mourning her lost love right now
She is fighting with everyone. Leave her alone
I will. Tell me, what should I do of Ramsha?
Saqlain is very upset right now. He won't listen anything
Wait for few days. 
As soon as he'd cool down, I'll talk.