why don't you get it? 
I've moved on in my life, and your words doesn't mean anything at all
you are not happy in your life, right?
who said this to you that I'm not happ
your eyes are telling me, Mahnoor 
that you are suffering a lot
that person is not capable enough for you whom you've chosen as your life partner
your status is quite high 
and your husband doesn't matches it a bit
how dare you to talk like this about my husband!
what do you know about Faraz? You know nothing about him!
Mahnoor, I only know... 
that even today I love you a lot
are you in your senses, what are you talking about Wasay?
you are a well-educated & an intelligent person
such crazy words aren't looking good from your mouth
Mahnoor
Wasay!
look at my folded hands, please go away from here
where shall I go?
if I would have gone somewhere
or would have lived peacefully then had I stopped you on your way?
not me, in fact you are coming in my way again & again
you are stopping me to move ahead
I accept that I had loved you a lot in my life
and I had wanted to spend the rest of my life with you
but... when I needed you the most
you couldn't support or stood by my side
today when I've moved on in my life after fighting these difficulties
Faraz gave me a new life, he gave me courage. He made me a new person
and today! Today you want me to come back to you after leaving him
how could you think of it?
I only have respect in my heart for you, I only respect you!
I respect you by thinking that I've spent a few good moments of my life with you
I don't have love for you in my heart
I've love & respect for Faraz in my heart, he is my husband
not just my husband, he is my life partner as well
I cannot see anyone else in his place
if you think that you respect me a little
then please forget me
let me move on in my life
the more you'll stop me in between the more I've to look back
and I don't want to look back now
I want to move forward in my life with Faraz
I really don't have anything in my heart for you
please forget me
think about me for once
if you'll keep coming into my life again & again
then how will I face Faraz, how will I answer him?
I don't want to be ashamed in front of Faraz
I just want to ensure him that its only him in my heart
there is nobody else except for him
it is better for you to understand this as soon as possible
that I don't have any place for you in my life, nor it will ever be
what does he know about me?
Faraz knows everything about you
I have never hide anything from Faraz
Mahnoor...
Wasay, please leave
for God sake, don't ever come in between my way or try contacting me in the future
I don't want to meet you, nor I want to talk to you or keep any contact with you
just look at me & say it once
that you don't love me
are you happy without me?
I am very happy without you!
and I don't love you
I only love Faraz
and I am very happy with him
Okay
are you saying this from your heart?
look into my eyes
you will get to know
sister Salma
yes madam
bring the bag from upstairs
do clean it before bringing
Okay, I'm bringing it
don't take this
I got this from there
let's go!
its the same necklace that Saqlain gave me & the robbers took it away
but... 
how come it got into the cupboard?
how come it got here?
and that too inside my cupboard
madam, I've brought the bag after cleaning it
yes... keep it there & keep the clothes inside it
Okay
it means somebody has informed
the person who had spied seems to be very close
some of your acquaintance
where is Faraz?
what do you mean that he isn't inside the office
he has gone outside?
when?
ok fine
where Faraz has gone!
that person is not capable enough for you whom you've chosen as your life partner
your status is quite high 
and your husband doesn't matches it a bit
Wasay doesn't have any importance in my life
he is no more in my heart
everyone claims that they love
but its not easy to prove love
but you've proved your love everyday
I feel tangled whenever I think about it
because I don't understand
whether I have more respect or love for you in my heart 
don't know where Faraz has gone
I made such a big mistake
by calling Wasay to my office as I was so worried at that time
I should have introduced Faraz to him
but how I would have talked to Wasay in front of Faraz?
I hope Faraz isn't upset with me
hey Mahnoor, is everything alright?
yes, everything is fine
Aunty, please talk to brother Yasir's mother. And tell her to send him to the office at 10 Am
I've talked about him, God willing his interview will be done
thank God, its a good thing
Mahnoor, I had asked you to do something for Maheer as well
now see, he has been sitting inside his room since morning. Also he hasn't eaten anything properly
how will it work this way? This way my son will get sick
don't you worry a lot, slowly & gradually everything will be fine
in fact, I've to a few people in the education department
hopefully, Maheer's admission will be done soon
God willing! Let me prepare tea
No, we'll drink tea together once Faraz comes
Okay
fine
where is the money?
inside my purse
not these, where are those 25 lacs?
I haven't understood one thing as of yet
how those people know that we've kept 25 lacs inside the cupboard?
yes Saqlain, Areeba is absolutely correct
only contractor knew that I had cash inside my house
and he is the only person who was stalling to take the money from the past few weeks
I think its his conspiracy
what's the matter, what happen?
Nothing!
you had to go home, have you visited?
had you brought whatever you wanted to, or there is still something left?
No, yes... 
I've brought the important stuff
good!
don't go there again & again
tomorrow on wards few labors will work there, so it doesn't look good to go there again & again
what's the matter, you are so quiet
No, just like that. Its nothing
did you had a discussion?
with whom?
who else it could be? Ramsha or Mahnoor?
No, I didn't contacted anyone today
I was so busy in the house, so the day had passed just like that
Okay
go change, meanwhile let me serve the dinner
Okay
yes yes, absolutely
Okay, bye!
thank God I got rid of this problem
otherwise Yasir's mother was after me
I pray that she doesn't make another wish
Faraz is already so frustrated
God shall bless Mahnoor for the way she has handled the matter
sister-in-law is so nice, do you realize it now?
or do you still have complaints against her?
she is nice
she is so nice, & there is no doubt in it
mom, do you know that sister-in-law already knew about Maheer's scholarship
but she hadn't told brother Faraz till date
just to save your reputation
mom, sister-in-law is our well wisher. She takes very good care of all of us
See, she didn't let brother know about Maheer's scholarship so that he doesn't become suspicious about him
Also she had saved you to become guilty in front of brother
Still Faraz got suspicious about Maheer because of Mahnoor's sister
even today is so mad at him
So mom its Maheer's mistake
when am I saying that its not his mistake?
how would I know that he is in love with Ramsha. Otherwise, I would have seek her proposal
I had made Mahnoor my daughter-in-law, so I would have brought her sister too
why would I have an objection!
at least Maheer should have talked to me properly
I kept thinking that he is doing a time pass
what shall I say now
nothing can be done 
why am I hiding this matter from Saqlain?
I should tell him that the necklace... 
what shall I do, I don't understand anything
whatever it is, but the necklace didn't come over there with magic
somebody had kept it inside my cupboard
that too by hiding it inside my clothes
but who?
who it can be besides me & Saqlain who... 
Saqlain!
sister!
yes Aima
sister, brother Faraz is not attending the phone and... 
mom is getting so worried as he hasn't come home as of yet. However, he had left the office before you
sister, is there any problem?
did you guys had a fight? If yes, then please tell us
No, there isn't any such thing. You know.. 
I & Faraz had never fought
No, but I thought that maybe he is upset on something
why would he be upset?
he has clearly refused for Yasir's job
he wasn't in the favor of helping him in any way
Its not the matter. The reason behind Faraz's anger was something else
but today, I had informed Faraz about Yasir's interview in the office
tell aunty not to worry. Faraz must be on his way
did you call to ask him, sister?
his phone is coming to be switched off
really! maybe his phone got dead
you are right
let me tell mom, she was being so upset
nowadays she gets worried on small matters
Okay
what is this problem!
it seems the problem is big
what shall I do?
Mahnoor
greetings mom, actually my car broke down so I am standing on the road
I've called the cab, it must be coming. But I'll come home after getting my car fixed
don't worry, everything is fine. I'll be home within some time
yes yes, there isn't any problem
yes, bye!
actually I need some help because my car broke down. 
So, if you can drop me nearby then it would be a great help
your entire neighbor knows 
that nobody can raise their hand on your wife in front of you 
but you can raise your hand & oust her from the house whenever you want to
why every girl put false allegation on Faraz?
you had said the same thing when his first wife wanted to take the divorce 
that she had put a false allegation!
although the entire neighbor is a witness & till date they say the same thing
that all of you did injustice with that poor girl
and she ran away from your house bare head & feet, while saving her life. Also she was injured
I don't want help. Thank you! You may go
Faraz should change his car now
its quite an old one
now see, it broke down in the middle of the road. My son must be worried
aunty, has Faraz's car broke down?
yes, just now I had a word with him. He was telling me that he will be late as his car broke down
why? Didn't he call you?
No, maybe he had called. I hadn't checked my phone
he must be dealing with the mechanic right now
my poor son left the office after an entire day, and now he'll get himself tired in this work
he bears all the difficulties alone
that's why I wanted Maheer to become his support, but Maheer.. .
my poor child. Don't know whether he ate or not, don't know in what condition he must be
are you fine?
I've been observing since evening, that you aren't talking to me properly
I'm not feeling well
why? what happen?
Since I had gone to my house so... 
I got tired while cleaning the entire house
what was the need to tire yourself?
you should have left everything as it is, as we don't live there anymore
more than tiredness
I am feeling upset
upset, why so?
I felt so weird by seeing the untidy house
I had decorated my house with so much of love
by the way, there was no need for the construction
Still you.. 
Areeba, you've started again
what's the big deal? That house is our property, we'll go there whenever we want to
as far as decoration is concerned, if you feel like then start decorating this house
let's do one thing, lets order a new furniture for this house
No
but we are guests here
why guests? this house is also ours..
I mean, its yours
its your father's property. Besides, religiously & rightfully you are the owner of this house
yes, I do have a right
but along with me, Ramsha & Mahnoor has their share in this house
Mahnoor & Ramsha will get nothing from here
hmm... 
do you know...
today I had recalled so many things in that house
a lot of past memories
I was missing that necklace today
necklace?
the same necklace
that you had gifted me with so much of love
and the robbers took it away from me
Oh that necklace!
it was so beautiful, right?
yes
I am feeling so sorry
anyways, it was meant to go this way. I had explained you earlier as well
no problem, I will buy another necklace for you
it would be so good if we could have got back the previous one
its such an old matter, from where we'll get that necklace now?
forget that by considering it as a charity
I'm feeling sleepy, let me go & change
she came back as an emotional princess after visiting the house
foolish woman!
but how did she remember the necklace all of a sudden?
that necklace was also inside the house, what if she found it
where had I kept it, I can't remember
No...
if she had found it, then she would have told me
but she isn't so intelligent
that a doubt comes in her heart... 
Faraz
where were you? You left the office without informing
yes, I had to go for some important work
for what work you had gone! You left without telling me, you should have at least told me before leaving
how I would have told you?
you were busy at that time
what happened on your hand?
nothing, they are dirty
actually... 
my car broke down on the way, so I was with the mechanic that's why I got late
and you phone! why was it switched off?
I've been calling you since so long, I was so worried. Do you have an idea?
I had switched it off as I didn't wanted to use it
are you upset with me?
No
I thought maybe you don't like Wasay's visit to my office
why would I mind?
I cannot stop him
from coming to the office or into your life
you could have stop me
I have never stopped anyone till date
whoever wanted to leave has left
we don't need to stop a person who wants to stay back
let me go & wash my hands