aunty, I hadn't lied. I saw Maheer
yes yes, Ok I accept that all of us are liars & only you are the sincere person in this entire world
Go, leave me now
and listen to me both of you! Next time lock your room before leaving the house
I or Aima will not get your room cleaned, get it cleaned yourself
in fact, we won't step inside your room
mom, now leave this topic
Ok, I will leave it
oh dear, if you say so then we shall leave this house for your wife's happiness
mom, what's with you what are you saying? I didn't mean this
it wasn't yours, but your wife's intentions are like this
she doesn't want me or your sister to live in this house with you
Aunty, why will I think this way?
the way Faraz is important for me, the same way all of you are
I have always tried to stay together happily
I can see your efforts, that what do you want
now leave, don't stand on my head. I can make the food myself
No, I always cook the dinner so even today I will do the cooking
really! if you want to cook then make it for your husband as I won't eat anything cooked by you
mom, can't you end your anger for my sake?
oh dear, we are tolerating these blames or robbery because of yo. What else shall we do?
Fine
I made a mistake aunty, I shouldn't have blamed anyone without thinking
I should have checked inside my room first
it won't happen next time
I'm sorry!
hmm... 
what happen to you? You seem worried, why are you crying?
Saqlain
what Saqlain? Where is he? Isn't he home?
the police has arrested him
what do you mean that the police has arrested him?
Mahnoor has filed a report against him
where the police took brother Saqlain? I mean which police station?
I don't know, also his number is coming to be switched off
don't know what does sister Mahnoor do
I had explained her a lot, if she had to do this then what's the point of explaining?
God knows what enmity does she have with Saqlain
when mom was alive, she used to stop her. She has started to show her true colors after her demise
don't know for what she is taking revenge from us. What wrong we did with her!
Okay, don't worry let me speak to sister
there is no need of it, I have already talked. It doesn't make any difference to her
if it would have made any difference on her, then by now Saqlain would have come back home
oh God! Okay, stop crying. Let me see what can I do. But at least stop crying
Faraz, please leave me alone for a while
this is the problem
I cannot leave you
I don't want to talk anyone right now
I want to stay alone
don't know... 
why everything is becoming wrong
I'm becoming a sinner in front of all
nobody believes me
nobody is with me
I've become all alone
I'm with you
whether you do right or wrong, good or bad... 
I will always support you, I will never leave you alone
you will support me though
but you won't believe me
a support is done on the basis of trust
if we don't trust someone, we don't hold their hand
but you were denying my words
you had denied me here & there... 
you had scolded me a lot on the matter of doing a case on brother Saqlain
I was trying to make you realize your mistake
supporting each other doesn't mean to defend each other mistakes
You & I cannot be sincere to each other, until unless we tell each other's flaws in person
do tell me wherever I am wrong
rest... 
the way you had apologized to my right now
I had never demanded this from you
rest whatever you did was right
but... 
if you wouldn't have apologized, still I would have fixed mom's mood in a day or so
and she would have agreed, her mood would have fixed
she would have forgotten her anger for my sake
please stop crying
I don't understand anything, whom shall we seek help in this matter
I don't understand anything. Don't know whether Saqlain could have contacted his lawyer or not
sister, shall I call brother Faraz?
try doing it
I don't expect anything good from him, he is way too worse than Mahnoor
both of them are doing this together
No... this is not the matter. Yesterday brother Faraz was explaining sister Mahnoor
I'm sure he will help us. Let me call him, Ok?
do whatever you want to do
but I don't expect anything good from both of them
oh God, what shall I do?
what shall I do?
let me speak to Hashir
No, no... 
what respect will be left in their eyes, aunt already taunts me a lot
oh God, what shall I do?
don't know in what condition Saqlain must be!
why aren't you eating ice-cream? it will melt
I've eaten a lot of food, I don't have anymore space
one always have a space for an ice cream, come on... eat it 
what's the matter? you look quite happy today
I am always happen whenever I am with you
my heart feels satisfied after seeing you
Ok tell me, when is your next doctor's appointment?
I was a bit busy in the past few days, so I forgot to ask you
the appointment is next week. Don't you worry, I will go with mom
I know you are quite a busy person
Besides, you have a lot of problems. Like Areeba & her sisters issues
I have a lot of time for you
do text me the date & timings of your appointment. I will come
Okay
yes?
ice cream... 
he is always discussing the same thing.
How shall I get rid of this fake pregnancy?
Ramsha, please don't worry
brother Faraz, how can I not worry?
the police has arrested brother Saqlain since morning. Also, we don't even know that which police station he is in
let me ask Mahnoor
don't know how can sister Mahnoor be so cold hearted
does she have any idea that in what condition sister Areeba is?
she has been crying since morning
only one peaceful night had passed and now even the neighbors have got to know that the police has arrested brother Saqlain
and... 
and what if someone came into our house tonight as well, then?
I & Mahnoor will come over there to you guys
No... don't bring sister Mahnoor here, otherwise sister Areeba will do something in real
just ask sister Mahnoor to take the case back
Okay, let me talk to Mahnoor once again
Mahnoor
Faraz!
I won't take this case back
absolutely not!
your sisters are so worried, do you have any idea?
yes, I don't have any idea. I am very selfish, I just think about myself. I don't care about anyone's grief or so
the police has filed our complaint, right?
if brother Saqlain is innocent then he will be released
yes, he will be released because you don't have any proof against him
Faraz
come with me right away
do you know, who will be in the most painful situation to see all three of you sisters fighting?
the same person, who had prayed for the happiness of the three of you in her life
she must be in a lot of pain
Mahnoor, we shouldn't give pain to mothers
neither in their life nor after their death
if we have to leave the fight of right for them
still its not a defeat but victory
listen... do one thing
yes sir, order me
beat me
Sir, what are you saying? How can I... 
beat me
Sir...
beat me!
over here
hey beat me!
Ok go, go away... 
Areeba
Areeba... 
thanks God you are back
what happened? who did this to you?
who else will do this, Areeba? the police did it
they wanted me to confess the crime
they had beaten me a lot
they wanted me to confess that I had added poison to aunt's medicines
No... 
what is this cruelty?
they wanted me to confess that I had killed my mother
my mother... 
*greetings!*
where is Ramsha & sister Areeba?
madam, both of them are inside the room & brother Saqlain... 
both of them have gone again?
mom, I had told you that they have to go to sister Mahnoor's house
God knows when Mahnoor's parents house visits will end
earlier, I had thought that since her mother is unwell that's why she is doing frequent visits
but this isn't getting over
mom, her visits are never ending
in fact, now she is fooling all of us around in this matter
Maheer, sister Mahnoor has already apologized to mom
and she has accepted her mistake too
therefore, if you cannot say anything good then don't talk bad
she has apologized to mom not me
she is elder than you, Maheer!
being elder doesn't mean that she shall blame me for stealing
tomorrow she will say that I stole her money. In fact, mom do you remember?
Maheer, stop it... end this matter
there is no use of stretching the matter like a chewing gum & to ruin the peace of our house. And then she has apologized
wow mom wow! this is great. Such a big matter ended all of a sudden
what do you want? What do you want me to do?
shall I make this house a battle field? then only you will get satisfied?
tell me one thing
why Mahnoor had blamed you only?
I & Aima are also at home, the why she didn't blamed us?
her room is open the entire day
So, what are trying to say? I had stolen?
what's with you, mom? Do you remember, the ring was found inside her room
I am not calling you a thief, you fool!
she has put a blame on you because of your actions
Maheer, change yourself. I have told you thousand of times to fix yourself & focus on your studies
until when poor Faraz will support us?
look, you are intelligent in studies, work hard
instead of wandering around at nights, try doing some small job to lessen your brother's burden
So mom, why don't you ask sister-in-law to lessen brother's burden?
I cannot do the job along with studies
and yes! I can never do any small job!
as if this guy will become a governor that's why he won't do any small job
am I crazy to take money from Mahnoor & get my head bowed in front of her
Ramsha, I have brought Mahnoor
brother Faraz, you don't know how angry sister Areeba will be after seeing sister Mahnoor. She is already very angry
she won't shoot me though
why you did this?
you have sent the police to our house without even thinking
Ramsha, lets go inside & talk
Brother Faraz, brother Saqlain is inside the room. And you know it very well what will happen if you guys will go inside
is he back home? Did the police released him?
left him? the police has beaten him so much that I can't even tell you
and you are tensed on the fact that how come he got released
here, our life was on the stake for an entire day
and sister Areeba, she was crying so badly that how will we get brother Saqlain released. But thanks God... 
and now for God sake leave from here, what if the matter gets more bad
I am so afraid, please go away from here otherwise a new problem will arise
Ramsha, nothing will happen. Just trust me
Mahnoor, shall we go inside?
Okay, but you people will go inside only on one condition
that you will apologize to brother Saqlain & end the matter right away. Please... 
be gentle
that's it, its hurting
please forgive me
I am so ashamed
Areeba
you... 
why are you apologizing? You have done nothing
whatever is happening with you today... 
its because of my sister
do you know, today... 
somebody had raised his hand on me for the first time
and what allegation they have put on me
how shall I make you believe, that I am innocent?
I haven't done anything
I believe you
I know you are innocent, you can never do any such thing
I believe you!
what will happen next, I don't understand anything
the case will proceed in the court, and I've to attend the court hearings
shall I look after my work, this house & related rents, Ramsha & you or.. 
shall I visit the court?
be careful... 
I don't understand anything that what shall I do
I've been trapped so badly
I don't understand anything
sister... 
do remember one thing, that you are here to solve the issue not to fight more. Ok?
I don't understand anything, Areeba
I'm caught
there is no need for you to go to the court
what are you doing here?
sister Areeba, I came to talk
I don't want to see her face even
Faraz, immediately take her away from here otherwise don't complain me later
but sister, please listen to us
what shall I listen to? yes?
can you see the wounds on his face?
its because of you!
you should die of shame!
you did such a disgusting act that I am unable to face my husband!
sister Areeba, I... 
don't take my name!
I don't have any relation with you
Faraz, take her away. End of discussion. Go away from here
Areeba, one minute
one minute...
Mahnoor, you think that I have murdered aunt, right? I gave her poison
because I had brought those medicines for her
tell me one thing, if someone else would have brought those medicines besides me
if Faraz would have brought them, then... 
had you filed a case against Faraz too?
you... 
do you have any proof to justify this blame?
no, right?
even a stupid person has got this much brains, that he doesn't pronounce anyone a killer without even seeing
and she... 
she had made me my mother's killer
brother Saqlain
I am sorry
I made a mistake
mom's sudden death had taken away my sense of thinking
I hadn't thought that one day mom will leave us all of a sudden
when I got to know about the poison, I felt as if my brain has stopped working
aunt's death is quite a big shock for me
she was my mother
I am feeling as if... 
once again, somebody has taken away my mother from me 
if you had to do the case, then you should have done it on that pharmaceutical company
or those who had sold the medicines
its my mistake
its my mistake that I took over all of you guys responsibilities on my head
I kept on doing everything for you guys crazily
if I hadn't brought the medicines then today
I wouldn't have been blamed
you did this deliberately, right?
you did conspiracy against me to trap me
No, there isn't any fault of Faraz in this
he has been explaining me since beginning. In fact, its is him who had brought me here today
whatever happened was my mistake
don't blame Faraz for my mistake
I cannot believe it that you went to the police station alone
so you think that I had provoked Mahnoor?
the complain Mahnoor did against you at the police station, is because of me?
you are having a misunderstanding
yes I was concerned about it
but, I don't believe that anyone will add poison in the medicines deliberately
yes, medicines can be fake or contaminated. I was explaining this to Mahnoor again & again
but if you still think that you got insulted because of me
then I apologize to you
you are our elder, brother Saqlain
and elders grateful nature should be big too
we have accepted our mistake, please forgive us being our elder
Okay
fine... 
what happen, what are you thinking?
I don't understand anything, what shall I do?
what you don't understand now?
that what will we do next
do whatever you feel like doing
look, the house documents are in your name
lets sell it, also 50 lacs is inside the bank
lets go somewhere
how will I take divorce? 
And I cannot marry Rameez without divorce
yes, true that
listen to me, all these matters can be seen later
mom, first of all tell me how shall I get rid of this fake pregnancy matter?
we cannot make him a fool anymore
he is asking me to go to the doctor along with him
why are you quiet now? Tell me something
what's the big deal in this?
tell Saqlain someday that you had slipped & the baby is no more
how's that? This is called, "killing 2 birds with one stone"
eat this, Saqlain had brought this for you
you did such a disgusting act, that I am unable to face my husband!
I don't have any relation with you!
Areeba, I've forgiven Mahnoor because of you
I know
and I never wanted another allegation on me, that the sisters fought because of me
otherwise, this matter wouldn't have got over so easily
I know that too
this is your paramountcy
Faraz was taunting me about my great nature
my nature is quite great & I've got to know his status
he had attacked me after hiding behind his wife
No, Faraz was explaining Mahnoor
he was talking non-sense
he took revenge from me
do you remember, I had got him locked inside the police station because of Mahnoor
he did the same drama with me, he sent Mahnoor to the police station against me
I became quite as we are relatives
otherwise, I know it very well how to keep such people in their limits
brother Saqlain
yes tell me, what is the matter?
actually I want some money
yes, why not
take this
but this...
what happen, is this less?
yes
Ok, keep 500 more. Take it
Ok I am leaving now as I am getting late
the breakfast is here, at least have breakfast before leaving
No, I will do the breakfast with my friend. He has a flight, so I am going to pick him
which friend?
I have a friend, he helps me a lot in my business. Bye!
bye!
look at this
I have to go to the university, & I need money
he has given some to you
this? this 1000 rupees?
if you require more then you could have asked. He would have given them to you
sister, earlier brother Saqlain used to give the shop rents & house rents to mom
and then mom used to give me a lot of pocket money
I don't keep any money, as he takes care of all the expenses
and I don't know anything about the rents
Fine, I will ask him
to give you the entire month's pocket money together
do tell him
I don't like asking money from him on daily basis
I will
she is remembering all the calculation so early in the morning
house expense & shop rents
I will give the calculation of each & every penny