How much longer will you stay upset with me?
I didn't accept this foolishness from you. I want to keep a veil over things and you want to tell everyone about everything.
Sister Areeba saw you fighting that day with me. The other day mother noticed it as well, and now today brother Saqlain knows it as well.
Why can't you understand?
Why don't you don't want me and Mahir...
Mahir is not right for you Ramsha.
How can it be that brother Faraz is a good man and Mahir isn't?
The difference between Faraz and Mahir is night and day.
And his family knows that as well.
Look Ramsha, he's not right for you.
What is he lacking, that I can't see?
You'll be able to see what he's lacking once you stop acting so foolish.
But you don't want to see anything? He lies and steals from his own home, then how can he be faithful to you?
He smokes cigarettes daily and he has affairs with so many girls. Still, you say that he lacks nothing.
He talks to me.
There are others he talks to apart from you. I heard Mahir take their name while he was talking to them.
No, all of them are university friends, I know them.
But you will stay away from Mahir and that is my final decision.
This is the last warning for you.
If you don't listen to me I will tell sister and brother Saqlain everything...
and then they'll decide what they need to do with you.
I think that Saqlain is just prolonging things.
He will never divorce his first wife.
I think that too. I think he's just passing the time.
I was worried about it before, but now I want to be rid of him as well.
I don't think he'll leave you so easily.
I think that you won't get your hands on anything but this house and those fifty lacs.
Everything belongs to his first wife.
And if Saqlain finds her wife expecting a child, then know that you'll lose everything.
I want to be rid of him and you're asking me to give birth to his child?
What's wrong with you?
She's going to the doctor daily.
If Saqlain finds her expecting a child, then know that you'll have no importance.
Yes, you're right.
Tell me, what should we do?
First, make him get rid of Areeba.
Tell Areeba everything. She will leave him then.
And what will Saqlain have left, but you? He will come to you.
Then you can rob him of his money.
And then you can take a divorce and leave him.
Yes... that is good advice.
Okay, let's do this.
Greetings*
Where's your wife?
She'll be here any minute now.
Do you know what your wife has done?
What has she done?
She tried ending Aima's relationship.
She called Yasir and asked him to delay the marriage. She told him that this was Aima's wish.
She's standing right in front of you. Tell your brother what objection you have.
Brother...
Let me ask him...
How dare she talk to him in secret?
I am offering prayers of gratitude here and she's playing such vile games.
Greetings.
She's here. Will you ask her, or should I?
Did you call Yasir?
Yes, I did...
You called and asked him to reject the marriage?
Not at all... I only asked him to delay the wedding for a while...
But why?
What problem did you have...
I did it because of Aima's studies...
You are so petty. You got jealous!
You were jealous that your sister-in-law was getting married in a good home.
Will you keep standing there silently?
You won't say a word to your wife, because she can get away with murder.
After what she did today, anyone else in your place would have sorted her out.
Either you can talk, or you can let me talk. I can only say something if you stop talking.
Faraz...
Enough...
Listen to me... envious people are never successful.
The plan that you made, will fall on your head!
You had ill intentions for us.
Aima will be married on time.
Why were you standing there silently? Why didn't you tell your brother anything?
Go and bring me water.
All idiots are gathered in the same place.
Faraz... believe me...
I had no ill intentions when I talked to brother Yasir. I talked to him because Aima wants to further her studies.
Before talking to anyone you should have discussed it with me.
If Aima had shared something with you...
it was your duty to tell me about it. What need was there for you to involve yourself in this matter?
I admit that I made a mistake, I should have discussed it with you.
I didn't expect this foolishness from you.
If they use this as an excuse to break off the relationship, then you'll be the one to blame for this.
Sorry.
I can't believe it.
It feels that your prayers have been answered.
The doctor said that I can be treated.
Thank God... I told you not to lose hope in God.
He never keeps His people in the dark, sooner or later He guides them toward the light.
For the first time, a doctor has told me...
that I can become a mother. I'm not barren... I can give Saqlain a child.
Thank God... you've answered our prayers.
Thank God.
There is a woman here to meet you.
A woman who wants to meet me?
Yes.
Dust the room, I'll see who it is.
Sure
Yes?
Are you Areeba?
Yes, I am.
Sorry, I didn't recognize you. Who are you?
I'm Fariya, Saqlain's wife.
What?
What did you say?
The truth, Saqlain...
You... how did you get here? What are you doing in my home?
What is she saying?
She's saying that...
she's your wife.
She's a fraud
You're lying Saqlain.
I was only holding myself back because you're a woman, otherwise, I would have reported you to the police by now.
Areeba, I told you that day about the person that came in front of my car, right?
Yes... in the hospital.
She was that person.
I helped her as a human being that day, and to avoid a police case as well. I even gave her money.  
She took my home and office address from somewhere. And now she's here to blackmail me!
Saqlain what are you saying? I'm your wife... why don't you tell her?
It's because of people like you, honest people like us don't help anyone.
Get out of here!
Before I shove you out of here, get out!
What you're doing is wrong and you will regret it!
You're doing wrong by me!
Do you that she's threatening me in front of you?
I'm not scared of fraud people like and you will gain nothing saying all of that in front of my wife.
And if you say that I'm married to you then where is the marriage certificate?
You can forge a marriage certificate nowadays, but do you have any proof?
Begone! Begone!
Don't ever show me your face again, otherwise, I'll do something you'll never forget.
Are you leaving... or shall I shove you out!
Tell me something, don't you ask someone who they are before inviting them in?
She might have a gang that steals from people. People like her can do anything.
Be careful... don't just invite anyone in,
I'm sorry... I'm being angry at you. Avoid such a situation, you're at home alone all day.
Anything can happen.
Sister...
I'm so sorry... because of me, you were scolded.
Look... I told you that it won't be appropriate if I talk, but you didn't listen to me.
Sister, I told mother the truth, I would never want anyone to point fingers at you because of me.
But mother lied to brother and put the entire thing on you.
I admit my mistake because I did make one.
If I had discussed this with Faraz, before involving myself, then maybe this fight might not have happened.
And Faraz wouldn't have been upset with me either.
Sister, if you want I can tell brother Faraz the truth.
No, there's no need for it.
It is between us and I'll handle it.
You and your brother fought. Mother scolded you as well...
and my problem remains unsolved
Shall I say something to you?
Learn to take a stand for yourself
You want to further your studies, and it isn't wrong to ask for your right.
That's why I helped you. Because I want you to further your studies.
If you had been brave enough to share this with your brother, there wouldn't have been any need for you to involve any third person.
And your problem would have been solved as well.
You're right.
What happened?
I'm so angry that I want to kill Saqlain. He shoved me out of his house!
He lay in front of Areeba. He called me a fraud and told her that I was blackmailing her!
How dare he! He's attached himself to his first wife like a leech and...
I should have never listened to you, this is all your fault.
We gained nothing and we might lose Saqlain as well.
I did it for your well being Fariya.
How would I have known that Saqlain would be there?
Look how quickly changed his face! We should be cautious of him.
I think that our plan is about to fall on our heads.
What if Saqlain leaves me?
If he does, we'll lose everything.
We will have nothing left.
Our hard work will be ruined!
What are you thinking?
You hit someone with your car that day, you didn't tell me that person was a girl.
But... listening to you it seemed to me that it was a man.
Areeba, I never got the chance to explain the situation to you. I just mentioned a person, you are the one who decided on their gender.
Are you suspecting me because of that girl?
What are you saying? I believe you.
If that girl was telling the truth, she wouldn't have gotten flustered.
She has been blackmailing for a while. First, she asked me to marry her, then she asked for fifty lacs. When I stalled her, she came here.
Areeba... if I had wanted to marry someone, I would have done it a long time ago
You know for how long my aunt has been pushing me.
You don't suspect me right?
No... I have no suspicions.
If you have a question, then ask it. A while ago there was that incident at the Hyderabad office...
No, that was a misunderstanding.
I apologized to you for that as well.
That's good, it puts me at ease.
If you're content, I need to leave. The lawyer has been calling me about some issues with your mother's property papers.
Shall I go?
Take care... I'll be back early.
Fariya! Fariya! Fariya! Where are you?
Why are you screaming? I'm not deaf... I can hear you.
I know you're not deaf, but you're blind!
What were you thinking when you went to Areeba? Do you know the consequences it could have had?
How dare you allege me? You're the fraud, not me.
You had an affair with me even though you were married. Then you married me...
And when the truth has been unveiled, you're putting it all on me.
Do you have any idea what could have happened?
All I know is that you are my husband and I have as much a right over you, as Areeba does.
And now I won't live like this.
Lower your voice.
Why are you being so rude?
First, you're being cruel to my daughter, and on top of that, you're scolding her.
Shut up your nonsense!
I'm sure you gave her this idea. Just remember, if you try and be over-smart again, I'll forget that I love you.
I will throw you out of my life and this house, understand?
Fariya... Fariya...
What happened to my dear daughter?
Bring water for her... Fariya, open your eyes.
Fariya...
Fariya... drink water, my dear child.
She was in shock since yesterday and today she's been so restless ever since she came back.
Fariya, are you alright?
I'm fine, I just felt dizzy.
Dizzy... is this sign of a good news.
What?
Meaning, maybe Fariya is about to become a mother, and you, a father.
What?
Thank God... I'll be right back, I need to offer prayers of gratitude.
You don't know how great a news you've given me.
And today you've caused me the greatest pain.
Forgive me, I was compelled to do this. Otherwise, it isn't possible for me to be cruel to you.
I can never be cruel to you.
You...
shouldn't have met Areeba. I've told you a thousand times that the time hasn't come for her to know about our marriage.
Will you refuse to accept your child as well, as you do with your wife?
Let the time come...
I'll be rid of Areeba long before.
I promise.
Mother, you didn't do right by instigating a fight between brother Faraz and sister Mahnoor.
What about Mahnoor? Was she right?
I asked her to talk to Yasir.
The question is, who is Mahnoor to involve herself in this matter?
She should have made you understand your foolish decision.
Maybe she didn't do that because she's jealous.
Jealous that you're getting married in a good home. So she ruined everything as soon as she got the chance.
Mother, I don't understand why you have so much hate for sister Mahnoor.
Even if she does something good, you find something bad with it.
I can see her good deeds. Your tongue has become sharp, be careful, otherwise, I'll cut it off.
First, let me talk to the one who asked you to be disrespectful to your mother!
Alright... I'll tell brother Faraz that I was the one who asked sister Mahnoor to talk to Yasir.
And I will also tell him that you're forcing me to marry.
I am so unlucky. The child I'm working so hard for is talking back at me.
She's set herself on humiliating me!
I think you've done enough studying, and you need a break. That's why I've made coffee for you.
Tell me how it is.
It's very nice, but why did you go through the trouble?
Thank you... I was just in the mood.
If you felt like drinking coffee, you could have asked me, I would have made it for you.
I needed to cheer you up as well.
And, this is the only idea had right now.
You were the one who was upset at me and you had every right to be upset.
It was my fault. I shouldn't have interfered like this
Because of me, things got bad, even though I just wanted to help Aima...
Aima is a fool and she's immature. She can talk to everybody...
but she didn't talk to me. But you are smart...
Why didn't you share it with me?
I made a mistake.
You made a mistake, I made a mistake. I think we're even,
I'm sorry.
That day I shouldn't have overreacted.
The coffee is nice.
I know.
How are you feeling now?
Fariya, try and understand. I was forced to come back because of Areeba.
Fariya, you need to understand. I want Areeba to not be suspicious about anything.
Alright, don't worry. You'll get sick. Just rest.
Listen, be ready, I'll take you to the doctor tomorrow.
Yes, I will take you myself.
Yes...
Take care of yourself, farewell.
What need was there for you to drop that bomb?
If I hadn't done that...
then he would have divorced you. He was very angry and I was scared.
Where will we arrange this report from?
We'll find one. Everything can be doctored.
He will take me to the doctor.
How will we arrange this report? This won't stay hidden for long.
Look Fariya, you need not worry.
This won't be unveiled quickly. Be smart, we only need to buy ourselves a few months.
After that, we'll achieve our agenda and we'll leave this place.
He was threatening to leave me.
I will be the one to leave him. I will leave him in a way that will make him yearn for his wealth, and his child, which he will never get.
And if your plan flops, I won't listen to you at all. I will then do what I think is right.
And now I think we need to involve Rameez.
Rameez, why?
To coerce Saqlain out of his money.