You were talking so bad about brother Saqlain.
You were alleging him, but he's here to pay the money.
You couldn't provide any evidence, but he proved that he is speaking the truth.
Before things get worse, it's better that we sell the shop.
That's why I was forced to make a deal for it for fifty lacs.
The shop was sold according to its correct worth.
Someone hid the truth from you stating that it was worth millions.
Auntie this is a cheque for one million.
Mahnoor put allegations against me without any evidence.
I had no other option but this.
Mahi apologize to Saqlain and return the cheque to him.
You were talking so bad about brother Saqlain.
You were alleging him, but he's here to pay the money.
You couldn't provide any evidence, but he proved that he is speaking the truth.
Sit down.
Thank you.
Why didn't Mahnoor come? I invited you all.
actually dear...
Mahnoor just came back from work and she said... that she was very tired & she is not in a mood to go anywhere so I & mom
Enough Ramsha...
Mahnoor would have come here if she cared about our happiness.
She only cares about herself.
Areeba it isn't like this.
Mother don't take Mahnoor's side.
Today it's our wedding anniversary and he didn't invite his aunt and Hashir.
Because he didn't want Mahnoor to feel bad, and what did she do?
She didn't include herself in our happiness.
Enough, there must be a reason why she didn't come.
Forget about that. Let's start eating, I'm sure everyone's hungry.
How are things at the university? How are your studies going?
Miss Mahnoor how was your site visit yesterday?
Sir, very nice
Yesterday I realized from which interval the material should arrive.
That's really very good.
No matter how much paperwork we do, we learn faster when we do things practically.
Yes sir.
We have an important meeting with the supplier tomorrow and I want you to head to that meeting.
Mr. Faraz will be with you and finance will support you as well.
This is a test of your managerial capabilities and I want to see how you perform.
Sir, I will try my best not to disappoint you. I will try to meet your expectations.
Wish you the best of luck.
Thank you, sir.
I don't understand the MCQs, I don't know what I'll do in class.
Ramsha... it's Mahir...
Hi Mahir...
Yes?
I'm Ramsha. I'm sure you've probably seen me in class.
Yes... I think I've seen you in class.
Have you made your assignment?
Which one? I just remembered... no... I still haven't.
I mostly make them a day before... why... is everything alright?
I don't understand a thing about that assignment.
I mean, if you have time could you explain it to me? I mean, if you have time...
It's nothing too complicated, it's simple and it doesn't require any logic.
Still, I'll assist you after class.
Thank you.
Welcome.
Boys... let's go.
What happened? What did he say?
He was telling me that he'll explain it to me after class.
Thank God, this semester had scrambled my brain.
Anyways come on... feed me something... I'm starving.
Mr. Faraz... is no one joining us from finance?
No ma'am. I talked to Mr. Rashid, he told me that he'll reach their office directly.
That means we'll have to leave together.
Yes.
Will I go in your car? Or will you come with me in my car?
Why don't you take your car and I take mine?
Sure... as you wish...
I'll see you there.
Where is Faraz? I hope the deal gets finalized today...
Mahnoor!
Hello...
Shall we?
Let's go.
Why are you so shocked?
Don't you recognize your ex-husband?
Your memory was never that weak. What are you doing here?
I heard that you started a job. Have you stopped pursuing CSS?
That's fine.
If you need anything don't worry, tell me about it.
No need to give yourself so much importance.
I could never need anything from a vile man like you.
It seems that your arrogance is still there!
Who's this?
Please don't say that he is the boyfriend that you left me for.
You left me because of him.
Mind your tongue.
I'm at my place of work, that's why I don't want to create a scene.
Otherwise, I know how to answer back to your rudeness.
Besides, my time is precious and I don't want to waste it on a man like you.
Faraz, shall we?
Yes, please.
Mother... tell me something...
Do you think brother Faraz will agree?
Why would Faraz have a problem with this proposal?
Why wouldn't he? She is five years older than brother Faraz and she has a child as well
Can't you stop bothering me? Do you think I'm a fool?
Why would I say yes without thinking about it?
We'll think about this.
It's not like Faraz is getting married somewhere.
Though...
I did like her brother for you.
They are wealthy people and this way we won't have to offer a dowry as well.
This will only lessen Faraz'a burden.
Still... don't talk to Faraz about this. I'll find the right time to talk about him.
Will you keep sitting here? Go inside and check in on the food on the stove.
Allow us to leave
Stay for a while. Leave after you meet Mahi, she'll be home soon.
No mother, this is not the time Mahnoor returns.
Besides, she doesn't want to meet me.
I've invited her so many times to my home, but she never comes.
Why should I sit here and wait? Let's go...
What are you doing? She's your younger sister...
How long will you stay upset with her? Forget the past.
Yes, Ashir... is everything alright? Why have you called me?
Mahnoor?
That's not a big deal.
She's independent and she has a job. She can come and go anywhere she pleases.
Did you call me to inform me about this?
Boyfriend?
Look... Mahnoor doesn't have a boyfriend, even if she does it should not concern you.
Alright fine.
I think Hashir saw Mahnoor with that guy, Faraz and he's labeling him as her boyfriend.
Hashir has broken his relationship with her,
it should be of no concern to him who she hangs out with.
Anyways, forget this.
I think we should leave now, Areeba.
No... I'll stay with mother tonight...
I need to talk to Mahnoor now.
I think you're right.
I think the way Faraz and Mahnoor are hanging out with each other...
I've started feeling concerned for Ramsha because of it.
After so much defamation who will bring a proposal for her?
Please don't tell me this is your boyfriend.
Did you leave me for this man?
Faraz, thank God I found you here.... look at this list... I've finalized it...
Are you alright?
I'm perfectly fine, why wouldn't I be?
Tell me, what were you saying?
I've finalized this list, please check it.
Sure.
I'll take a look at it.
Thank you.
Sister Areeba...
You've stayed after a while, it seems that brother Saqlain is away somewhere.
It's my mother's home, I don't need an excuse to stay here. Right mom?
Besides, I do not have a habit of making excuses
Neither have I ever made an excuse in my life.
You're right.
Areeba has stayed here because both of us need to talk to you.
Sit down
Do you want to talk to me again?
What have I done now that you two have to counsel me?
We have endured a lot because of you.
Just when people forget, you give them something else to talk about.
What do you want? I admit that you're my sister, but don't punish us for that.
You can be straightforward. Forget about the pain I've caused you...
and come straight to the point.
Ashir called Saqlain...
Alright fine... what did Ashir tell brother Saqlain?
Tell me what did he say, that you're forced to talk to me...
Do you hear her? I told you that she would feel no shame about what she did.
People are saying nonsense about you.
One shouldn't feel ashamed of nonsense, because it's always lies.
What relationship do you have with Faraz that you hang out so much with him?
Ashir thinks that he is your boyfriend.
Ashir... sister Areeba you might believe Ashir's nonsense, but not me...
After all, he's done to me, you should think a thousand times before asking me such questions.
I'm not answerable to anyone about every little thing that I do.
I've told you a thousand times that Faraz is nothing but my colleague.
If you keep acting so irresponsibly...
then, mother, there will be a huge problem.
If you have an interest in Faraz we can...
For God's sake...
Enough... a man and woman can't only have just one sort of relationship.
A relationship that needs to be looked at suspiciously.
I work in the office and meet a lot of people.
Will you join my name with someone else if you see me with someone else in the future?
That's the thing, you work with a lot of men, but you're only seen out with one.
People are bound to ask questions when you're always seen with one man.
Areeba is right... one should think before talking.
I can't do anything about your thinking.
Sister Areeba listen to just about anyone to tell you off.
If I were in her place, I would have taught Ashir a lesson that he would never have forgotten.
And...
she was saying that she didn't invite Saqlain's aunt because of you.
After all that happened, she just wants to maintain her relationships.
I don't know why doesn't anyone think about me.
Why doesn't anyone think that I'm a person, I can feel pain as well.
Why doesn't anyone care for me?
Only because of that, I've drowned myself in so much work that no one's voice reaches me.
Neither my family nor strangers.
Still, they won't let me live in peace.
They always bring something to disturb my peace.
Why don't they leave me alone?
At least don't cry. Aren't you strong?
You always say that strong people don't cry, so stop crying.
Please don't cry.
Economics... export manager...
I hope you understood this topic well.
What? You still didn't understand it?
Look... I'm explaining it one last time.
After this, if you understand it, fine, if not, then I won't explain it to you another time.
Got it?
What didn't you understand?
This part is here.
Okay...
Mr. Faraz is quite the lackey. He's in Mahnoor's office all day.
Buttering her up.
Since when has Faraz been working here and where does he live?
He's been working here for four years, but he's stuck in the same place.
Hearing you talk...
it seems that not many people like Faraz in the office.
I've seen that he likes to impose himself.
There are many things about him, there is no single reason that people don't like him.
Meaning?
My friend told me that he got married a few years ago...
Wife took a divorce... a lot of other things happened as well.
The girl's parents brought the police here.
They had a case that Faraz had the girl's jewelry and dowry
They put all sorts of vile allegations against him.
Even speaking about them dirties my tongue.
I think that's why he didn't get promoted.
Otherwise, he would have been in Mahnoor's place right now.
The boss decided not to be fooled by a man like him.
After all only a respectable person can sit atop such a big post.
A respectable person... it seems that he doesn't know a thing about Mahnoor as well.
Anyways... things are quite despicable about Faraz. If I find out where he lives...
then I'll see if I can use him or not.
Sir, there was no need for this.
There is always a need.
I should get going, I'm running later.
Yes.
I'll visit soon.
Sure.
What was that all about? It wasn't that hard of a topic.
I understood it the first time, but you asked him to repeat it three times.
It's nothing like that. I was just taking his attention.
I mean... he was sitting in front of me, and I was looking at his face.
Hello... have you fallen over heels for him, like the rest of the girls.
It's nothing like that. I just wanted to make all of the girls jealous.
Didn't you see how every girl was jealous when he was sitting with me?
Ramsha, you're quite sharp.
That is true. Shall we go now?
Sure.
Tea...
What?
Tea.
Yes.. thank you.
Don't go anywhere today. You were late last night as well.
When you come home late, I feel anxious.
Actually, I got busy last night, that's why I was late.
What were you doing so late at night?
When one has their own business, then one makes their own time.
Anyways, I'll try to come back early today, alright?
Tell me... did you talk to Mahnoor?
Yes, I did... she started talking back at me.
She said that she will not give any explanations.
Mother and Ramsha are upset with me as well.
This girl, even lawyers would lose an argument to her.
We cannot win.
I'll get going now.
And yes... if I ever get late, don't worry...
But I do get worried.
That's what I'm saying, don't get worried.
After all... you're my wife, so be brave.
Greetings*
Yes?
Do you live here?
Yes, I do.
Do you know a Faraz... he lives around here somewhere.
The tall one, with the old car?
Yes... something like that.
Not only me, the entire neighborhood knows about him.
You can ask every child here and they'll tell you how vile a man he is.
Could you tell me in detail, because we have a proposal from him for my sister
and I wanted to investigate him?
Don't marry your sister to him. He made his first wife's life hell.
I heard so many screams of that innocent soul from that house.
I cannot even describe it. I think he used to beat her as well.
Then one day, he ousted her from the home.
The poor girl left home with no shoes and without a scarf.
That is quite sad... but thank you, sir...
that you told me all of this...
Thank you.
Really...
Faraz is a good man for Mahnoor.
Mother... tell me something...
Why were they asking so many questions about brother?
I was thinking about that as well.
Who was that guy asking so many questions about Faraz?
That too from that wretched Asim.
I'm sure he must have talked badly about my son.
But mother, aunt was saying that she has told them everything.
Then why would they inquire about brother?
That's what's surprising. It's not their daughter is bejeweled.
I invited them here for you because the guy seemed nice...
but they started asking questions about Faraz.
Mother...
I told you not to talk about my marriage right now.
Why do you want to embarrass me?
but dear...
Have you any idea how I feel...
when people ask questions about me? I don't even go out to the shop.
People talk about me over there, that's why I don't go there.
My dear child... people are used to talking. People don't care about anyone
And Asim, he's jealous of you.
Why would he be jealous of a cursed man like me?
What do I have? A nine-to-five job... that old car... and father's home...
What else? My wife left me saying that I was incomplete and abnormal...
She left me... and you still think...
that someone could envy an unsuccessful man like me?
No, my dear, she lied! All of us know...
she alleged you.
You and I know that, but the world doesn't. They think that what she said was the truth.
I beg you... don't talk about my marriage.
For how long should I do that?
Those people brought their son's proposal for their son.
They want you to marry their daughter. It's a good proposal.
But...
But what?
The thing is that the girl's age is a little high...
And on top of that...
And what?
She has a child as well...
Brother.
They brought a proposal for Aima. They want you to marry their daughter.
The girl's age is high and she has a child as well.
What is the matter brother Saqlain? Why did you come here?
It seems that you didn't like me coming here. It's not like that.
What was so important that you had to come here? You could have talked to me at home.
That's why I'm asking.
It had been a while since you started working so I decided...
that I should look at the place you work.
Did you come here to keep an eye on me or find new breaking news?
Mahnoor, why do you think so badly about me?
Even though you have been rude to me in the past...
but I've always thought the best for you and that hasn't changed.
If you want...
you can ask Areeba if I scolded Ashir over what he did. Even auntie is a witness to that.
But if you're having an affair with your office colleague Faraz...
Faraz...
I'm busy right now, you can come by later, and I'll message you. Thank you.
It's good you order him around.
As you should, it will come in handy in the future.
I don't think he's from a good family background.
He seems like someone from a low-class family background.
To tell you the truth, I don't think he's worthy of you.
Brother Saqlain...
you came here to talk about something, right? This is where I work...
this is affecting my work badly.
If you want to talk about this nonsense then you can do that at home.
Alright... I came here to talk to you about that house.
It's getting worse day by day and I want to demolish it.
Before it gets worse, we should think about what to do with it.
I've seen you many times speaking ill towards others.
I've ignored this in the past, but I won't anymore.
 I'll teach you a lesson so that you don't ever think of doing this again.
What is that noise?
You're being unjust... let go of me.
I can do this for you as well.
Do you even have the courage to hold me?
What is going on here? What are you doing? Let go of him.
I won't let go of him, I'll teach him a lesson today.
Faraz, enough is enough. You can't act like a thug at work.
You should be ashamed of holding your colleague like that.
I feel no shame!
Keep out of this issue, I know how to handle this. Besides, both of them come under me.
And you work under me. Do I need to remind you that I'm your boss?
You're not my boss!
If you want to impose your power then file a complaint against me and send the one who you're so fond of...
I'll leave after I get my termination letter, but before that, I won't spare him!
Get out of the office right now.
Otherwise, I'll call the police... I said leave!
Whatever happened, I'll talk to the boss about it.
You guys can go back to work.
Okay.
What are you all looking at? Go and do your work!
What an interesting character...
 he's the perfect choice for an arrogant girl like you.
This psycho is great... I have no objections.
It's a yes as far as I'm concerned.
Sir... I didn't expect Faraz to behave like this.
If there was an issue it could have complained. Fighting as he did...
When I tried stopping him, he misbehaved with me as well.
Faraz has a mild demeanor and in my opinion, he's a very calm and decent guy.
I don't understand why he would act that way.
He's in a very calm way, even though he respects you.
That could all be just for show. 
I know personal attacks can hurt, but they can be answered decently as well.
The same people at work gossiped about me as well.
But I decently answered them.
Wait... about you?
I know that people talk about Faraz at work...
 but what is this gossip about you?
Why don't I know about it, even though I'm the chief of the company? 
Miss Mahnoor you better speak up now!
Tell me, so that I can take action against them.
 What is the reason behind them not respecting their seniors?
How come they are insulting their seniors behind their backs?
 Is this the company we're running?
It's that I...
I'm divorced.
My marriage broke off...
But miss Mahnoor in your CV...
that's because I only had a marriage ceremony, which is now over. 
That's why I put myself down as single in my CV.
I see...
Greetings sir.
What's the problem with you two? What am I hearing about you two?
Sir, we didn't do anything... Faraz was the one who was arguing.
Do you expect someone to remain quiet while you pass on personal comments? 
Who gave you the right to gossip about your senior's personal life?
This is my first and final warning. 
I don't want to hear any complaints about you two again
Understand? 
I'm sorry sir, this won't happen again.
Sorry, sir...
Alright... you guys can leave.
Some people have a habit of gossiping.
And it's not hard for them to find a topic. Lord knows what they must say about me.
I've warned them in front of you. You can attend to Mr. Faraz yourself.
He misbehaved with you in front of the entire staff and that can't be ignored.
Make a charge sheet and file a complaint against him.
We'll take a look at it and we'll take full action.