Did you talk to your family?
Not yet, I didn't get the chance to.
Tell me, why haven't you still put on that ring?
I can't just wear it. I will only wear it...
when you come to my home with your parents and put it on me in front of everyone.
I will be there with them. Why do you worry about it?
I will talk to dad about it.
The only thing that I'm worried about is that...
your family might have a problem with my family's status or my plans.
No, they will not have any problem.
Because I'll be standing by you in this matter.
There is no need for you to worry.
Shall we go?
Let's go.
Do you think that there is any girl equal to my caliber?
I study abroad, has anyone from your family even gone abroad?
I don't understand why you are so stubborn.
I admit that no girl in our family is equal to you.
But Mahnoor, you can think about her.
What's so special about her?
And tell me one thing, you dislike sister Areeba so much...
You advised Saqlain to divorce her and leave her, but why do you want me to marry her younger sister?
I say that out of love for Saqlain.
There is no competition between Areeba and Mahnoor.
Areeba did private BA, that too after marriage.
But Mahnoor is still studying and she intends to do CSS.
Think for yourself, how much power you will have if your wife is a government officer?
At least take a look at Mahnoor, if you take a liking to her, only then I will move it forward.
Otherwise, you can marry a foreigner.
I will not marry a foreigner. I will only marry someone who will you choose.
I silenced you didn't I? I won't let you marry a foreigner.
Even when we keep a dog in our house, we check its breed first.
And you want us to not look at the girl's status and family...
Even when we keep a dog in our house, we check its breed first.
Even when we keep a dog in our house, we check its breed first.
before choosing her as our daughter-in-law. Out of the question.
At least keep a little difference... between people and animals.
I will decide who I will live with.
And I have decided. If I will marry someone then that will be Mahnoor.
Alright then. Listen to my decision as well.
I and your mother don't like that girl at all.
We won't take your proposal there, nor will we be a part of your wedding.
The rest is up to you, do whatever you want,
Okay... if you two don't want to be a part of my family, then don't.
Now I'll do what I want.
This wedding will happen without you two.
Relax.... relax...
He's our only child. What if he marries against our will?
He has no idea about this world.
Boys his age have gotten married, and their parents have become grandparents.
Look at the girl he chose. What kind of people...
would get their daughter married to someone whose parents won't be part of the wedding.
He has no idea. The thing over which he left this house...
is my status.
He will learn his lesson and come back, don't worry.
Areeba...
Yes?
Put this away.
Shall I make you tea?
Yes. Did you invite your family?
Yes, I've invited mother here.
Why are you calling them here, it's your auntie and Hashir we're having a party for.
It's alright, this way all of us will get together, besides our families don't get many occasions to see each other.
You take such good care of everyone.
One has to take care of one's family. Be sure to make Mahnoor's favorite halwa.
Sure... I will.
Look how much Saqlain cares for Mahnoor, but Mahnoor... anyways...
I wonder why that girl has such a shallow heart.
Come in...
Auntie... auntie!
Coming Saqlain...
Greetings*
Bless you.
I beg your pardon that we came here uninvited.
What are you saying? I'm happy that you're here.
This is your home. Come in and sit.
Come in.
Sit down.
Sister Mahnoor!
How come you're back so early from work?
I had a headache so I decided to come home early and rest.
But it seems that the current circumstances won't allow you to rest.
You know whose car this is, right?
That means that he's inside as well. Him coming here is no less than dangerous for us.
Don't talk too much. If mother hears you, she will scold you again.
I have come to you with much hope, please don't refuse.
There is no chance of her refusing. Mahnoor won't find...
a capable man like Hashir anywhere. Am I right auntie?
Indeed you are.
That means that auntie has no objections to this marriage.
Your proposal has been accepted.
Wait for a minute brother Saqlain.
Who are you speaking of?
This is Irham, she's here with a proposal for you, from her son Hashir.
Saqlain and I...
I reject this proposal.
I will not marry him. Thank you, auntie.
Saqlain let's go.
Sister Irham listen to me.
Auntie... what Mahnoor did was not good. She embarrassed me in front of my auntie.
The outcome of this can be very dangerous.
There is no competition between Wasay and Hashir.
I'm a hundred percent sure that his cousin will be exactly like brother Saqlain.
Since when have you been so independent that you've started taking your own decisions?
Am I dead?
It's not like that...  at least don't let brother Saqlain take this decision for me.
What is lacking in Hashir? He's educated and belongs to a good family. Most of all he's Saqlain's cousin.
That's the worse thing about him.
You fixed sister's marriage by listening to brother Saqlain and his aunt.
Don't you know that sister loves someone, tell her sister.
You like someone? Who?
Mother...
Mahi...
Come here.
Sit down.
You have no idea how much of a spoiled rich brat that man is, whom Mahnoor is hanging out with nowadays.
Why didn't you tell mother about it?
I wanted to keep a veil up for Mahnoor.
A few days ago I saw them together. I had them inquired.
I thought that she was a smart girl.
I had no idea that she would play with our respect this way.
I was about to do some good for everyone.
A simple woman like your mother would never have known who her daughter was hanging out with.
I thought Mahnoor was only selfish...
but she turned out to be a fool as well. She can't distinguish between good and bad.
You have no idea how embarrassed I was in front of auntie and Hashir.
It was hard for me to convince them of Mahnoor.
Hashir would never even have looked at Mahnoor.
I thought that this would have made things better between you and my auntie...
Mahnoor's stubbornness and ego always mess things up.
Don't worry. I'll tell mother about why Mahnoor refused.
I will ask mother not to listen to her. If Mahnoor will marry anyone then that will be Hashir.
Only you will be listened to in that house. I will call her right now.
I would never have made that shrewd girl my daughter-in-law.
Standard education has made her so prideful!
She has no respect on how to talk to people.
And Saqlain was talking about making her my daughter-in-law.
Is there any point in screaming now?
When I told you that I had no interest in marrying anyone, why didn't you listen to me?
There is no point in over thinking.
Mahnoor didn't insult you, she insulted me.
Hashir listen to me!
I was a fool that I went there with a proposal.
I should have asked Saqlain to fix things first.
My poor son's heart has been hurt by this.
Not only him, but my blood has also been boiling ever since I returned home.
Anyways, I will not forget this insult so easily
I will talk to Areeba and I will give her a piece of my mind.
So that she may tell her mother and sisters. May their blood boil like mine.
Mahi...
If you wanted to marry someone, then you should have told me.
You told Ramsha and didn't even think of asking me.
It's not like that, I won't do anything without your approval.
I thought that I would tell you after Wasay talks to his parents.
I would have told you before they brought a proposal here.
You refused Saqlain's aunt's son's proposal so bluntly...
What about brother Saqlain...
He was sitting there and finalizing the marriage.
You know he wouldn't have listened to either of us. This is a matter of my entire life.
He can do whatever he wants, but he can't sacrifice me like this.
What will Saqlain gain from this?
Think about it. He wanted good for you and me.
That's why he brought a proposal from an educated man, who belonged to a good family. It's because he knew that you are educated.
I have no idea what brother Saqlain intends for me.
But what I do know is that he can never think of anything good for me.
I'll talk to Areeba and Saqlain. I pray that Saqlain isn't too angry because of the insult he faced.
Mahi... ask that man to send his parents as soon as possible.
So that we may have a substantial reason to reject the proposal.
I will talk to him.
Be sure to do that.
That's the reason... that's why I'm asking.
Wasay... what are you thinking about?
Nothing...
Are you listening to me?
Of course.
I'm listening to you.
Tell me, when will you bring your parents home?
Very soon.
I would never have forced you, but the problem is that we need...
a valid reason to reject the proposal brother Saqlain brought.
Otherwise, brother Saqlain might use sister Areeba to blackmail us.
If that's the case...
then what will you do?
He can blackmail us ever after we get married.
Mahnoor... it's your life, you took the decision.
Now you have to stand for it. We will get married.
Whether someone agrees with it, or not.
No one can stop us from being together.
Your coffee is getting cold.
Auntie, I apologize to you,
I'll talk to mother about this.
When mother has no objections...
then Mahnoor's refusal means nothing.
I went to your mother because of Saqlain.
Your sister insulted me so much that I wanted to teach her a lesson over there.
How has she educated her daughter?
Education means nothing in front of respect.
You'll see, both of your younger sisters will stay at home. No one will marry them.
Auntie, don't say that.
I know that Mahnoor insulted you, she didn't respect me either.
You have a lion's heart. I commend you...
for staying with her barren daughter. You don't even say a word.
They should be falling at your feet, but no, you have no respect over there.
They are selfish and shameless people.
Who are you calling?
I'm calling Saqlain, but he's not picking up.
He won't pick up your call now. It's his old way to blackmail you.
Areeba isn't picking up either.
I fear that they might have fought with each other over this.
They surely must have. Why are you calling him? Is there a special reason?
Mahi, such a big thing happened. How will I apologize to Saqlain without telling him any details?
Apologize to him again?
What else should I do?
I have to pay for your foolishness. Tell me...
did you talk to that guy? When is he sending his parents here?
First, make your daughter and son-in-law agree, then Wasay will bring his parents.
I want to see how long brother Saqlain drags this on. I want to see his limit.
Don't stress about it, everything will be alright.
I'll take a look at lunch.
Stop it, why are you torturing yourself by crying so much?
Auntie was angry, that's why she said all those things.
She said so many things to me as well.
Should I start crying like you?
She said nothing to you.
But she attacked my Achilles heel. She told me that I was barren.
Areeba, all of this is happening because of your sister Mahnoor.
She's the reason for your anguish.
Auntie says such things often...
She also advises you to marry someone else.
What's wrong with you?
Auntie is not bad at heart.
If there was something in her heart would she have taken a proposal for Mahnoor upon my single request?
Put yourself in her place, she was so humiliated at your home.
Nothing happened because of me.
Auntie and you didn't go there because of me.
Are you saying that if you were there you would have made Mahnoor agree?
Alright then, let's do it that way. You have to turn Mahnoor's no into a yes.
I don't care what way you use, I just want her to say yes.
Auntie has refused, she won't listen now. She also said that Hashir was very angry
Let him be angry. I know how to cheer them both up.
Just go to your mother's home and try turning her no into a yes.
And yes... tell auntie about that guy as well...
She should know why Mahnoor is rejecting the proposal.
I'll talk to mother about it.
Enough now, things have been solved. Go wash up and change your clothes.
What happened?
Are you feeling well?
Yes, I'm fine.
Why the long face then?
It's nothing...
Look at me.
You went with brother Saqlain with my proposal, why did you come back so early?
I came back because there was no reason for me to stay there for long.
What do you mean?
Meaning that Mahnoor rejected the proposal.
Miss, should I heat the tea?
No, my dear, this is fine.
Will you have some juice?
So you've decided that you will not listen to us...
You're right not to listen to us. Who are we other than your parents?
We didn't do any favors by raising you... we never once ignored a thing you said...
We fulfilled all of your desires and...
Mom, could you please stop emotionally blackmailing me?
I know that you gave me everything. A great education...
money... luxury lifestyle and with that...
you also gave me the right to take my decisions.
When I'm about to make such an important decision, you guys are concerned about status and class.
Wasay, you're being emotional. Whoever that girl is, she's very smart.
She's making a fool out of you.
Mother... you don't know Mahnoor. You've never met her.
Wasay, it was your idea to study abroad.
And you changed that because of that girl. That girl needs to set herself here...
But you're not forced to do that.
Why did you compromise? Not once did you think of yourself, or us.
You are our only son and all of our desires are attached to you.
You broke all our dreams because of the ordinary girl.
Mother... Mahnoor is no ordinary girl.
You haven't met her and without thinking about it, how can you... I swear...
I'm leaving.
Wasay! Wasay...
You wanted to marry someone.
You wanted love. You wanted companionship.
Feeling... emotions...
are for weak people.
I tried explaining that a million times.
On mothers say so...
you decided to marry.
Mr. Hashir Ahmed, a so-called independent and intelligent man...
Rejected...
All intellectual and famous people were destroyed by love and women.
You learned nothing from history.
Men who learn nothing from history are doomed to repeat it.
Same.
Burn these books, they are of no use to you.
I'm not angry at her... I'm not angry at mother as well...
I'm angry at you Mr. Hashir Ahmed.
I will not forgive you until there is the slightest of happiness in that girl's life.
You, Mr. Hashir Ahmed, are a disappointment.
You are a disappointment.
You are a disappointment.
Why do I feel that Wasay is hiding something from me?
He's stalling me, even though he was in a rush before.
Is it that his parents aren't agreeing?
No, if that were true, he would have shared it with me.
For him, this was not that big a deal.
I don't know, such is the circumstance that...
every thought I'm having is negative.
Doing kindness to you all is like hurting oneself.
Who asked brother Saqlain to bless sinners like us? No one asked him to.
Do you hear her?
Because of her rude behavior, auntie taunted me.
I was not rude to anyone, it was my right.
And... if I don't want to marry her son, then why is he taking out her frustration on you?
You're seeing dreams of palaces and wealth. Why would you take a liking to an honorable man from an honest family?
Hashir is no slouch.
Wait a minute, who told you that I was dreaming of living in palaces?
Now I understand why brother Saqlain decided to marry me to his aunt's son.
A man who studies abroad.
There always is a reason behind doing anything.
They have some of the best proposals, but Saqlain has loyalty toward mother first.
I can understand how much Saqlain cares for us. He was thinking of easing our burden.
What's with you? I don't understand why daughters are a burden.
Daughters aren't burdens...
Your father used to say this, daughters aren't burdens, but their responsibilities are.
And every parent has the desire to fulfill their children's responsibilities on time.
Mother, please... you don't need to worry about me. I can take care of myself.
Right now, we're worried about you the most. 
You've grown so selfish and stubborn that I've started to feel afraid of you.
Mother, you think she's smart, right? But she is a fool, who's shooting herself in the foot.
Mother...
Areeba, what are you trying to say? I admit...
that she refused in front of everyone. She made a mistake.
She's making a mistake that is greater than that...
By creating a relationship with that spoiled rich brat.
When Saqlain told me, my head bowed with shame!
Really? This means brother Saqlain has already deemed Wasay with a character certificate. 
That means that I'm a characterless girl in his eyes as well.
Right mother? Then ask him why he brought a proposal for his characterless sister-in-law.
Silence yourself, Mahi. What are you saying Areeba? Mahi said he is a good man.
You believe her? That man is making a fool out of her. You can bet me on that.
He will never bring a proposal for her.