umm .. sister Mahnoor .. sister Mahnoor came. Guard didn't let her come in
I stopped the guard from not letting anyone enter the house without my permission
but why?
She is my sister. It is my right to meet her
I am your husband. I have the most rights
You can't even leave this room without my permission. You won't go anywhere until I give you permission nor will you meet anyone. Understood?
Yes! Yes!
Show me your phone
Show me your phone!
Who is Maheer?
he?
Who is he?
He is my university fellow
Receive the call
and put him on speaker
Hello? Hello Ramsha, are you fine?
I .. I am fine
Ramsha, do you even know that your husband is already married?
You have been deceived. Its his second marriage
Now I got it. It was a conspiracy to trap me and to humiliate you
Brother Saqlain did the planning so that we would run away from house. You remember that letter. It wasn't me who wrote that letter. He humiliated you and put the whole blame on me
Ramsha?
Ramsha .. Ramsha there is no need to be worried. I am with you. I am standing with you in every difficult. Never think that you are alone ..
She disconnected?
She might be in some trouble
So this is Maheer, your old lover. You ran away with him? And now planning it again secretly?
Leave my hand
You are already married? You were deceiving me?
You were too
I wasn't. You are a disgusting man. I don't want to live with you
I'll kill you if you'll argue
Sajida? Ismail?
Where are you all? Come quickly
Yes sir?
Yes sir?
Do not let anyone enter the house without my permission. If someone tries to enter, shoot him.
Okay sir!
Lock Ramsha's door. Do not let her come out in any case. Give her food inside and then lock the door again. Understood?
Yes sir! This is what I'll do. Sir, are you going somewhere?
I'm not going anywhere
I'll see that who will come to rescue her. What if this secret was revealed by Saqlain?
No! He himself was stopping me
I will come .. What has happened to you? Its been only 10 minutes that I came here
Yes, I will come home and talk. Shut the phone. 
These kids don't let me go out of house
Now that I am here, she is asking when will I come back? Now that I'm here, I'll leave after sometime
By the way, you are here so suddenly today? I mean ..
I thought to congratulate Yasir. He has got a job. I got some presents for him
What was the need of this formality? Yasir's choice is very different. He always buys himself and always buy expensive things
Now that you have got it, we have to keep it. By the way, I never give presents to anyone. I always give cash. They can buy anything they want
I will be careful
Yes! Do that
Also, do not buy dowry for wedding
Yasir was saying that ask auntie to give us cash. He also wants to buy car of his choice. I said I'll give your message to your mother in law. Now its between you and her
Its between you and your son in law. I am not getting any benefit
Have tea
Yes!
Take tea. What are you thinking?
Nothing ..
Mahnoor, shall we go? Its flight's time
Shall I go too?
No sister, you stay here. We'll be back in some time
You just pray that things will be alright
how?
I ruined everything with my hands
She will never forgive me .. 
never
I think we shouldn't talk about it right now.
We'll leave now. We are coming
I locked you in the room earlier. Now I will tie your hands and feet. Come with me. Come inside
Sister?
Ramsha ran away and spent night with a guy. Get her married today with respect otherwise she will suffer for her life
Now you tell me? Who would marry this type of girl? Its a happy day today. How happy auntie would be
Where are you going?
Mother, Ramsha needs me right now. She is alone. I was talking to her and suddenly the phone disconnected
She is married finally
that wasn't a marriage. It was a deal that was made by brother Saqlain in exchange of Ramsha
Whatever it is. And why has Faraad gone? What can he do and what was the need of interfering into this matter? Saqlain has already raised too many problems for us
what are you saying mother? Sister needs brother right now. And Ramsha needs me. This is why I am going to her
Stop Maheer
why are you being emotional? Maheer, you have already taken too much pain because of Ramsha
That pain was my punishment that I got for taking advantage of Ramsha's innocence
But now I won't leave her alone. I will keep standing with her. She needs me
Stop! Stop and give me the keys
But mother
Don't you dare take foot out of house. I will break your legs otherwise. Faraad and Mahnoor have gone already. They will handle it
You go inside. You go to your room
Go inside
Mother listen
Go inside
I'm asking you to go inside. Go inside
Move!
There are no less problems that a new problem has raised
Greetings madam
Haven't you gone to village yet?
Sir has out my duty here
Fine move and open the door
Let me inform sir
There is no need
Lets go
Hello?
Tell me how did Mahnoor find out that I'm already married?
I don't know. I didn't say anything. Mahnoor misbehaved with me too much along with Areeba
I don't know that
Look Saqlain, I'm already telling you that if Mahnoor would come here again ..
Naila?
Come down
Oh ..
So this is the reason of your busy schedule due to which you aren't giving me and children any time
Naila?
Don't you dare ..
Don't you dare say anything. I thought you are only corrupt in business but that's not it. You are more disgusting than that. I did have an idea about it but I had no idea that you'd re-marry
This disgusting man lied to us. We had no idea that he's already married
My brother in law got him married due to greed of money. He already wanted to take revenge from me
She's telling a lie, Naila. They are fraud
They have sent their characterless sister to me to get money
just shut up
We don't need your money
I'm here to get my sister and I will take her from here
Mahnoor, you go and bring Ramsha
No one will go anywhere
Don't you dare. Give her way
Naila?
You have no idea how much trouble have you got by cheating on me. I kept ignoring you till today. But I won't tolerate it at all
Naila?
Don't touch me
Ramsha? Get up
Where?
To your home
He won't let me go from here
He can't stop you. I will take you
Lets go. Get up
Aren't you ashamed of getting married again?
Did you go so blind in your greed that you forgot that you have your own daughter? Don't you dare show me your face again
Don't you dare show us your face from today. I will go back and tell your kids about you. They should know how disgusting their father is
Please, don't drag my kids in between
Shut up!
I will talk to you in court now
What are you saying? I know that I made a mistake. I'm regretting. I have never given her your position
and would never give it to her
Do you want her not to be in my life, right? Fine .. I'll break my relation with her right here right now
Fine, end this relation. Free her from your life right now 
I divorce you
I divorce you. I divorce you
Did you see? For you, I have ended this relation. I have no relation with her now
There is no cheap person like you in the world. Do you think that I will trust you that you left her for me?
Tauqeer Ahmed, you left her for your property. The property that is in name of me and my children
Naila, please do not say anything to kids. I won't be able to tolerate their hatred
O shut up!
I am ashamed of calling you my husband
See you in court
Naila ..?
I will see you people
I will not spare you
What happened? Is everything okay?
Nothing is okay. Mahnoor has ruined my whole plan
What did she do?
She took Tauqeer's wife to his home
O! This is too wrong
Wrong happened to me. I was about to be his partner but it would be canceled now. He will ask me his refund too
Then don't return it. Be rigid.
It is easy to say. He is Tauqeer. He is a man of principals.
He couldn't do anything of Mahnoor and neither of his wife, and he will get you punished?
That's different
Those three sisters did a lot to you. They sent you out of that house when it was yours. But I don't understand that why don't you take an action?
you should have kicked her out 
Are you mad? Don't you know Areeba's condition? You want me to kick her out? 
Why are you getting angry at me?
Maria? Try to understand
Enough! I don't want to talk to you. Understood?
Maria? Listen to me? You get upset for no reason
Lift your foot
Mahnoor? Ramsha? This mark on her face?
What happened? These marks on her face? Are you .. are you fine?
Since when have you started caring about me?
This is what you wanted?
what are you saying?
what?
I'm saying it right
You both wanted to see me in this condition
You both ruined my life deliberately. You got me married to that man
No Ramsha, it isn't like this
My life is ruined because of you both and Saqlain ...
Ramsha?
Ramsha, open your eyes. Faraad call doctor quickly
I will
Ramsha?
Sister, bring water
Yes!
Ramsha, open your eyes. Ramsha? Ramsha, what happened? Open your eyes. Sister, bring water quickly. Ramsha?
Ramsha?
Ramsha? Water ..
Drink water
Ramsha? Ramsha?
Get up!
Ramsha?
Lie down
Mother? Mother, come here quickly. Where are you?
What happened?
Listen to me? This bag has all the jewelry and cash. Keep it safe with you
We don't have much time. Saqlain might return this money
what if Saqlain comes and ask us about money?
We will leave tomorrow before Saqlain comes. We will get money of this house tomorrow. Then we will leave this city. I just want to get rid of him now. Hold it
Lets do one thing. I'll put the cash I have in it too. Do you have anything else to keep?
I'll go and check everywhere. Now you prepare to go okay?
Fine, I'll keep it somewhere
I'm the culprit
I took such a big decision of her life without thinking
My brain wasn't working. I had only one thing in my mind. Get her married quickly 
I don't know what happened to us all during that time
None of us thought that this person would be a big fraud. I didn't think about it
But Ramsha would never forgive me for her condition. She would never
and I would never forgive myself. How did I let this happen to her?
What has happened to you all? We all made a mistake but we weren't aware. Saqlain was the only one who knew the truth
If he hadn't hidden it, then we would have never let it happen. The good part is that Ramsha is free from this trouble. Her relations is ended
but the condition she is in ..
She will be fine. It will take sometime, but she will forget. We all have to help her to forget it
Its mother calling. I'll talk and come back
You go back home
No, I won't leave you alone. I'm coming
mother?
Ramsha?
Ramsha? What happened?
what happened Ramsha? Ramsha, forgive me. I won't be able to tolerate this burden
Please be quiet
why .. why did this all happen to me?
consider it a nightmare and forget it. Everything will be fine
This Mahnoor and Faraz has ruined my plan. I'll see them
Your tea
You should have atleast drank tea made by my hands for the last time
God knows if its in your fate again or not
Faraz?
Greetings! How are you?
Why? Why are you here?
I came to apologize to you but .. 
Do you think your mistake was worth an apology?
I know that I don't deserve an apology but what do I do? I'm anxious. I feel as if I got cursed by you
I never cursed you. And what are you regretting for now? You regretted because you got married to a loser like me?
You have got everything. Everything that I couldn't give you
What do you want now?
But why am I still empty handed? I don't have anything besides having everything
Please, forgive me. I will apologize to your mother and everyone else. Please forgive me. I know that I gave you lots of pain. I humiliated you everywhere but please forgive me
I have already forgotten everything
Say it once that you have forgiven me so that I can live my life in peace. Otherwise I ..
I have forgiven you 
Will you .. will you never hate me?
I don't even want to keep a hate relation with you