Mahnoor, isn't there a lot of age difference between him and Ramsha?
I never wanted this marriage to happen. But brother Saqlain and sister Areeba...
they didn't give us any other option.
Wait a minute... Faraz... Mahnoor... come, we're starting the wedding ceremony.
How much dower should I write?
Saqlain, how much should I write?
Whatever you want.
Ten lacs.
How much dower should I write?
Ten lacs.
The dower should be at least ten lacs, right brother Saqlain?
Write twenty lacs.
Do you want me to write something else?
Hamza...
Sister, this is for you.
Keep it.
Mahnoor this is for you.
I can't take this.
Why not? This is the ritual.
Yes... it is.
But still, I can't take it. Because this is too much.
Besides, sister Areeba is the one who conducted the ritual...
and you've already given her the gift.
If you want to give me something...
then promise me something.
That you will take good care of Ramsha.
That you will always keep her happy.
If you promise me this, then I'll think that you've given me a gift.
I will do that but still...
Brother Tawqir if Mahnoor doesn't want to take the gift, then there is no reason to insist.
Alright.
With your permission, I'd like to have dinner served, after that, the sending-off ceremony can start.
Sure.
Yes, brother Tawqir?
What is the matter Saqlain?
No one seems happy with this wedding. Neither Mahnoor... nor Ramsha...
nor Mahnoor's husband.
Forget about it for now, I'll explain it to you later.
Just remember that I've respected your wishes. You wanted Ramsha and now she's yours. She'll stay happy if you keep her happy.
Ramsha is like my little sister. If she ever makes a mistake, then I apologize.
What are you doing... I will try to take care of Ramsha as you all do in this home.
I won't give you or her any chance to complain. I promise you that.
Thank you very much.*
Please come...
Did you see the attitude of both of your sisters?
I wonder where they find the nerve to act like this after the blunders they've made.
Ramsha ran away from home and spent the entire night out with a boy. Even then, I sent her away respectfully today.
Otherwise, this stain would have remained with her for the remainder of her life.
Now tell me, who would have married a girl like her?
I know that brother Tawqir is no less than an angel for us.
It is like that. You were there when Mahnoor demanded the dower.
For a sister who had run away from home. Did she feel no shame?
Brother Tawqir answered her well, by having the dower written twenty lacs, instead of ten.
It seems that she is jealous of Tawqir.
She is jealous that Ramsha got married to a well-cultured and wealthy man...
Maybe she's comparing her husband to brother Tawqir.
Anyways, to hell with her. It was my responsibility to get your sister married to a responsible man.
That has been done today and that is enough for me.
Thank you very much Saqlain.
All of this has happened because of you...
Why are you crying?
Today is a day of celebration. Auntie would have been so happy today.
Stop crying, please.
Should we return to our home tomorrow?
Tomorrow?
Yes... you said...
that after Ramsha's wedding, we'll go back to our home.
What is your problem? Why are you in a rush to go back to your home?
She just got married and went to her home. It's not like this house has become a burden on the Earth.
God forbid.
Think about it. If we leave this house, and someone takes over it, it will become a problem for me. Then what will we do?
Yes... you're right.
Be patient for a few days. We'll think about it. Your sister just left, let me have a few days of peace.
Pray that your sister settles down in that house. I have an old relationship with brother Tawqir, I don't want it to get ruined because of your sister.
I hope I do not get embarrassed in front of him.
Will I get some green tea? I think I overate at the wedding.
I'll send you to your home, you'll stay there.
You will go nowhere, we'll stay here now.
Is the wedding over?
Yes...
Thank God... everything went well.
What's with you? Why are you silent? Did you argue with Saqlain?
No...
Then what?
It's nothing...
All of this happened because of you.
You ruined an innocent girl's life. If you hadn't provoked her to run away with you then today...
she wouldn't be stuck in a relationship like this.
Why? Who did they marry her to? Is that man not good? Were they not careful in selecting him?
Was this a situation where they should have been careful in choosing her suitor?
But still...
He's older than her... he might be a millionaire...
but it didn't feel right to me when I met him.
I didn't see respect in his eyes for Ramsha. But still, I pray that she stays happy in her life.
But if that doesn't happen, then you will be the one to blame for this...
This is your new home.
Sajda...
Take miss Ramsha to her room.
Ramsha if you need anything then ask Sajda...
Do you want something?
My name is Sajda, if you need anything, let me know about it.
Sir will be here any moment.
He's older than her... he might be a millionaire, but it didn't feel right to me when I met him.
I didn't see respect in his eyes for Ramsha, but still, I pray that she stays happy in her life.
But if that doesn't happen, then you'll be the one to blame for this...
How is my dear child?
Yes... why are you getting worried?
It's not like this is the first time I've been out of the city.
I have work to do, I'll come back as soon as it's over. I promise.
Let me talk to your mother.
Yes... why is she crying?
Make her understand. Tell her that I'll come back, it's not like this is my first time being out for business.
Sure...
Hey, champ! How are you? How's your new Xbox? Very good.
I'll see you soon. I'll call you.
Okay, bye.
At least wear your shoes...
I'm fine like this.
Okay...
Farewell*
Oh my! Where did you get this ring from?
It seems very expensive. Who gave this to you, please tell me.
Mahnoor... 
She didn't even meet me before going.
She's upset with me.
Everything will be alright.
She had a lot of hope...
She had hoped that I'll help her.
But I didn't help her.
At that time you and I were helpless... we couldn't have done anything.
I feel very ashamed and helpless right now.
You too think that this isn't right.
Sister Areeba and Saqlain are impressed by his wealth...
Did you notice one thing... there were none of his family friends involved. He was there with a few of his friends.
Only through one's family can one know what type of person one really is.
When older men marry do they have no one from their family...
Do they not want to involve themselves?
When I went to their home, Tawqir was alone, he only had his servants. I asked brother Saqlain...
Saqlain doesn't care about anything else. He behaves like his lackey.
I've never heard him talk in this tone before.
Still...
We can't do anything.
I'll call Ramsha and ask her if she's alright.
Don't call her now, it's late.
But Faraz...
You can talk to her tomorrow. Rather you can meet her.
It's possible that by tomorrow morning her anger has lessened.
I'm very angry, I'm ordering pizza... do you want some?
No, you can order for yourself.
Alright...
I don't have money, give me some.
Sure... take it from my purse
Hey...
You're crying? Why?
Relax.
What is the matter?
You're afraid, there's nothing to be afraid of.
Girls are very happy when they get married. Why aren't you happy?
Alright fine... look at this.
I brought this gift for you.
It was very expensive. Especially crafted for you.
Look at this... wear it.
Did you not like it?
Alright, maybe you want to take a look at it later, or maybe you're nervous.
It's alright... I'll keep this here. When you feel better, wear it.
If you have a problem, let me know.
I want to keep you very happy.
Let me know if you need anything. I'll be gone for a few minutes...
I'll be right back.
Okay.
Areeba, who's calling you so early in the morning?
It's Mahnoor.
What does she want so early in the morning?
She doesn't care if we're sleeping. All she cares about is herself.
I don't know, let me ask her.
What's the point of educating oneself, if one has no respect?
Don't ruin my sleep. Go outside and talk.
Sure.
What is the matter? Why have you called so early in the morning?
Sister Areeba did you give Ramsha her phone?
Ramsha's phone?
I've been calling her for ages, but her phone is switched off.
Because I have her phone.
Sister Areeba, you should have given her, her phone. How will I talk to her now?
Mahnoor, call brother Tawqir, it's not a big deal.
Alright fine, send me his number. I want to talk to Ramsha, I want to ask her how she's doing.
She is fine. We married her, we didn't imprison her. Don't worry.
The way you had her married is no short of a punishment and unfortunately, I'm every bit as involved in this as you are.
Anyways... send me the number... I want to talk to her.
I'm sending you the number, satisfy yourself.
But yes, don't call him so early in the morning. He must be sleeping.
Saqlain was getting upset as well.
Mahir...
Yes, mother?
Where are you going?
I'm going to my university.
Where did you get this wound from?
It's nothing.
No, it's not, it wasn't there last night. Did you apply something to it?
Mother, it's nothing big. I applied medicine to it. I'm leaving.
Why are you going there?
I've already taken a lot of days off and exams are near as well.
I want to see the circumstances there and I have to prepare for it as well.
Alright fine, go. Come back straight home from there, do not sit with your friends.
Otherwise, I'll be worried sick.
Sure, I'll be back.
Take care of yourself and have this wound dressed.
Sure mother, I will.
Lord knows where Faraz went so early in the morning. He doesn't care about his brother, or us.
Lord knows what he's up to.
Hello.
Greetings is this Mr. Tawqir...
Yes, and you are? This is Mahnoor talking, Ramsha's sister.
Yes, how are you?
I'm completely fine, how is Ramsha? And how are you?
We're fine... everything alright?
I wanted to talk to Ramsha...
Her phone is at home, so could you please make her talk to me?
That's fine, I'll pass the phone to her.
Ramsha, it's your sister Mahnoor's phone.
Tell her that I'm busy somewhere and that I don't want to talk to her.
Mahnoor her mood isn't well. You can call her later, she doesn't want to talk to you right now.
Sure... alright.
Were you able to talk to Ramsha?
She doesn't want to talk to me.
Let's go home and talk. Let's go and visit her.
Faraz...
Do you think it's appropriate visiting his house?
What is inappropriate about it? We're just fulfilling an obligation that happens after the wedding.
Meeting Ramsha will make you feel well and you can talk to her there as well.
Let's go and not waste any more time.
Okay.
Mahir is here...
My man!
How are you?
I was in the police station, where else?
Hansa told me that the police arrested you and Ramsha.
You were still in that police station?
Yes...
Listen... where's Ramsha.
Is she still with you, or has her family found her?
Do you know that the entire university knows that you and Ramsha ran off together?
He looks upset.
Mahir...
Listen to me, Mahir...
You can have breakfast as well.
Listen...
Shouldn't we have taken breakfast for Ramsha and brother Tawqir today?
Breakfast?
You will take breakfast for brother Tawqir.
Yes... it's a ritual.
The bride's family always take breakfast for the groom.
You've already completed all rituals at your sister's wedding. You married her off with great pageantry.
We did all we could.
And who made you do all this?
I asked you to, otherwise you and Mahnoor were standing on the sidelines.
There is no point in taking breakfast. Brother Tawqir won't like it if we take breakfast to them, so early in the morning.
I would have felt better if I had met Ramsha. Mahnoor was worried about her as well.
She said that...
Have you imprisoned her?
What has happened that you and Mahnoor are so concerned for her well-being?
You just left yesterday...
How can she turn back to you so soon?