It's good that he searched me and things got cleared up.
Otherwise, I would have been suspected for the rest of my life.
I think that maybe she's taking revenge for what happened that day.
What day? Did you two fight?
No... he said that she was an officer at the company and maybe didn't want you to be promoted.
So she decided to take revenge for it.
When one has ill intentions things are dragged on, otherwise, one can just smile and forget about it.
Aima...
Do you think I alleged Maheer falsely?
You did allege him falsely.
I saw him leaving my room.
It's possible that he did leave your room, but the ring was in your possession.
Yes but that ring...
Sister...
I didn't expect this from you. I didn't expect you to allege someone without checking with yourself first.
Sometimes it has happened that I've taken care of your things and given it back to you. Will you make me a thief as well?
I respected you. I got to learn something new from you every day, but today I realized that I've made a grave mistake.
Maybe mother was right.
Look...
The food is great, did you make it?
No sister Salma did.
Alright. Why isn't Ramsha eating?
She's asleep.
So soon?
You know how moody she is.
She's moody and she must be upset with me as well.
Auntie has spoiled Ramsha and Mahnoor with her love.
I'm not complaining. All parents shower their children with love.
But you're not like your sister. That's why I've given you my life,
You're not stubborn, you don't have an ego and you're not childish as well.
That's how younger siblings are.
The eldest child always deals with the pain of their parents.
Nothing like that happened to me.
Father married me so soon...
Are you regretting marrying me?
Not at all.
I feel lucky to have a husband like you.
You not only gave me happiness, but you accepted the problems of my family as your own as well...
I did that thinking it was my duty...
I tried to fulfill my duty.
Anyways...
I was thinking to ask you to ask Salma to empty aunt's room.
Why do you want to empty mother's room?
Only till the closets. I was thinking of giving her clothes to the needy.
This will only be good for auntie. Be sure to have them taken out tomorrow.
Should I give you more rice?
Keep it down.
Faraz, I've never lied in my life, even if I had to face pain and loss, I've always told the truth.
Why do you think that I would allege Maheer falsely? Do you think I'm a liar?
You said that you trusted me... what happened to that trust?
Have you lost trust in me so quickly?
I trust you and I always will.
Then why don't you believe me... I'm telling the truth, I saw Maheer leaving my room.
Why would I allege Maheer falsely? Is he my enemy, why would I do that Faraz?
Alright... that Maheer came into our room, but he didn't have the ring.
If you had checked the drawer, this wouldn't have happened.
Why doesn't Maheer accept this?
Why doesn't he accept that he was leaving my room?
You're not accepting as well... you haven't still admitted to your mistake.
My mistake?
Mahnoor, I'm telling you for the past few days to not allege someone without proof.
Faraz, what are you saying? You're joining two separate things, that have nothing to do with this.
You are very emotional. Try to understand someone's feelings.
As far as you saying that I don't trust you. Didn't I check Maheer and his room when you alleged him?
Only because you are the one who alleged him.
And... I didn't say anything to you as well. I silently heard what mother said.
I heard your complaints as well.
I listened to them silently.
What else do you want from me?
Sister Salma.
I'm coming sister Areeba.
Yes?
Keep all of mother's stuff inside this and had it kept in Saqlain's car.
And yes... give me all of mother's important documents.
Sure...
I'll give them to Saqlain. I'll come with you and give it to you.
Alright.
Ramsha...
Yes?
Whatever happened yesterday, shouldn't happen again.
From now on you won't see Mahnoor again.
Alright, I won't but...
is it good to end your relationship with her?
This is all because of Mahnoor.
She has been unjust. If she doesn't apologize, I will keep no ties with her.
Sister, that's what brother Faraz and I were trying to explain to sister Mahnoor.
But you didn't listen to me... and you got upset. After mother, we sisters are all we have for each other.
If we decide to leave each other, then what will happen?
Mahnoor is the one who wants to leave, that's why she's doing this.
But I'm telling you very clearly...
If she doesn't end this and apologize to my husband...
then I will never keep any ties with her and I will think that I only have one sister.
You can tell her that.
Maheer...
Yes, sister?
Maheer, whatever happened yesterday...
Forget what happened yesterday.
It doesn't seem nice that you apologize to me.
I know everything.
You did all of that on purpose to degrade me. My ring was on the dressing table.
You hid my ring inside the drawer so that I may be humiliated in front of everyone.
You are so smart... how did you find out so quickly?
What will you gain by doing this? You are my brother-in-law...
I've never interfered with anyone in your business. You're doing this because I've asked you to stay away from Ramsha, right?
You want me to be insulted in front of the family and I may lose the status I have here.
I've asked Ramsha to be away from you. You're not good for her.
Sister... do you think that you doing all this will make Ramsha stop?
Not at all... she followed me, I didn't follow her. She used studying and lectures as excuses...
What can I do about that?
I've explained it to her. She won't follow you around anymore.
Did she stop?
Do you think that these stunts will make me afraid of you? It's not like that at all.
If I want I can unveil your truth to Faraz. I can tell him how you lie to him, how you take money from him using your semester fees as an excuse.
Even though you're studying there on a scholarship. You also take expensive gifts from Ramsha.
What's the big deal with that? Everyone in class gives me expensive gifts because I help them out.
Maheer be careful.
Faraz is burdened by your semester fees. He works so hard for it but you...
But what? Mother knows all of that...
If she wanted she could have told brother Faraz. I request you...
do not interfere in my matters with brother Faraz, because I don't interfere in your matter.
Okay? As far as the fee is concerned...
I don't care if brother Faraz doesn't give it to me, I'll take pocket money from his instead,
And please, it would be better for you that you stay away from all this.
Take this file to miss Mahnoor's office, have it signed by her, and then take it to finance.
Madam Mahnoor isn't here yet, I'll keep it at her table. As soon as she comes, I'll have it signed and take it to finance.
Alright.
Why hasn't Mahnoor come to work yet?
Hello Mahnoor, why haven't you come to work yet...
Faraz, I will be late to work today. I have something important to take care of.
Something important... where are you going?
I'm going to the police station to file a report.
A report against whom?
Brother Saqlain.
What?
I'm running late, I'll talk to you later.
Mahnoor, listen to me.
What is she trying to do?
These are my mother's blood work reports.
And this is the lab test for the medicine that she was using.
It's apparent that the poison being used in both medicines was the same.
My mother's doctor can explain this to you as well. They are willing to testify as well that my mother was poisoned.
Who do you think poisoned her?
My brother-in-law, because he was the one who bought the medicine.
Your brother-in-law bought the medicine, which means that there was no animosity between the family.
Then what need would he have to poison your mother?
No one can do this instead of him.
What evidence do you have?
These reports are evidence.
We cannot accept this. Firstly, your mother's cause of death...
in the death certificate is a heart attack. That means that she wasn't murdered.
But someone did try to kill her. Can't the one who poisoned her be arrested?
There should be some evidence against that person.
You're not understanding me...
Brother Saqlain was the only one who bought the medicine and I suspect that he poisoned my mother.
I don't know how you do it, write my report. Arrest brother Saqlain as soon as possible and have this entire method investigated.
Is it, not a crime to poison someone in your eyes?
It is but...
Why aren't you listening to me then? Should I approach a senior of yours?
Whether you involve a senior or a junior, this is my job and I will be the one who will do it.
But the truth is that there is no strength in your evidence. But for your satisfaction, we will take that man in custody.
To ask questions.
How are you?
What are you doing at this hour? Is there a set time for me to come home?
No, I didn't mean it like that. You told me that you were leaving for something important in the morning, so I thought that you would be late.
Yes, it was, but household problems are important as well. Where is this wretched man?
Where are you? I'm waiting for you...
Alright, hurry up... I don't have much time.
I've called a contractor to increase the length of the boundary wall and also to repair the vandalism outside.
Who is coming?
I've called a contractor to increase the length of the boundary wall and also to repair the vandalism outside.
I've called a contractor to increase the length of the boundary wall and also to repair the vandalism outside.
And...
And what?
I want to do a little maintenance work. This house hasn't been maintained in a while and since we're living here now, I think we should set it straight.
Alright.
I think he's here.
Brother Saqlain the police are here, they are asking about you.
Is your name Saqlain?
Yes, I am, what business do you have here?
You'll have to come to the police station with us brother Saqlain...
But why? What is my crime?
A report has been filed against you.
That's why we're here to arrest you.
Who filed a report against me?
Your sister-in-law, Mahnoor.
What?
Mahnoor?
She filed a report against me, but why?
She states that you are the one who poisoned her mother.
She's lying... she's putting allegations about my husband...
She's gone insane... my husband has always taken care of my mother. He can't poison her!
Wait a minute!
Inspector, I'm innocent. These allegations have no base.
I've been buying medicine for my mother-in-law. What evidence does she have?
You can talk about this in court.... this matter will be discussed there.
Our job is to catch the culprit. If you cooperate then it will be kind of you...
if not, then we'll have to use force.
Alright... I'll come with you.
No, you can't take my husband, he's innocent.
Areeba, wait a minute.
Listen to me... you know that I'm innocent and the allegations that Mahnoor put on me are baseless, right
Yes, I believe you!
Alright then, if you believe my innocence...
then there is no need to worry. How much lower will Mahnoor stoop? What more can she do than this?
Don't worry...
Everything will be fine... until then let everything be.
Don't worry...
Take him to the car.
What's the matter with you? Why are you making matters complicated?
I'm making this matter complicated? This is the most simple solution for this issue.
I made a mistake in that I directly fought with brother Saqlain, I should have complained to the police there and then.
You have no evidence or witnesses. You filed a report against your brother-in-law based on suspicion.
I do have evidence.
What evidence? Show it to me.
Show me the evidence... is there any video of Saqlain mixing poison with the medicine, or any eye witness.
There must be something that you have. Show me.
Mahnoor, those reports aren't enough to prove him guilty. You're being stubborn and you're not thinking of the consequences.
Saqlain will be released because that evidence isn't enough to prove him guilty. When he comes out he will become your enemy.
Your sister will shun you and they will not help you. You will be left alone.
Will you leave me as well?
No, I'm with you.
But put a place over your heart and tell me, will you be happy leaving both of your sisters, especially Ramsha?
You've taken an emotional decision again and you didn't discuss it with me.
We can't change what happened, and my decision won't change. Mother always used to silence me...
Mother was brother Saqlain's shield and he removed her from his path. And he will have to pay for it.
God... the police have taken Saqlain away. How dare you send the police here, Mahnoor?
Hello...
Why don't you die?
Sister Areeba, you're cursing your sister?
Sisters like you deserve to be cursed.
You sent the police to our home!
You sent the police here to arrest Saqlain. Have you no shame?
Sister Areeba... brother Saqlain was the one...
Not one more word, you should be ashamed of alleging my husband!
You will regret this and you will be punished for this.
Sister Areeba, please listen to me...
I don't want to listen to you.
Listen to one more thing... you're dead to me.
My husband's enemy is my enemy. If anything happens to Saqlain...
then I will never see for the rest of my life.
Do you understand? I will keep no contact with you.
That's why I was telling you. Do you see the outcome of this?
Did you like seeing your sister crying? Did it not bother you?
Did it not bother you hearing your sister wither like that?
Mother must have withered with pain like that as well.
You're repeating the same thing!
What else should I do? Should I tear up these reports? Should I forget that he poisoned and killed my mother?
No... I can't forgive him, nor can I forget it. He will be punished for his crimes!
I will never forgive him!
You did what you wanted to.
Are you satisfied now?
You had your brother-in-law arrested based on suspicion, and I can't do anything about it. But I know the outcome of this.
Whatever happens after this, you'll have to accept it.
Which pharmacy did you buy the medicine from?
I don't remember, there is a lot of medicine from where I purchased those medications.
Along with that, I kept tabs on her doctors and her groceries. I did it for many years.
If I wanted to kill her I would have added poison to her food, so that it couldn't have been tested.
Alright fine... you have cleared your story and your sister-in-law has cleared her story.
We'll take you to court tomorrow. Both of you can tell your story tomorrow in front of a judge...
after that whatever happens is up to your luck. Siddique!
Take Mr. Saqlain to lock up...
Listen to me...
Wait a minute... you just can't take him into lock up...
And you are?
I'm Mr. Saqlain's lawyer and I have his bail papers. You can check them out.
There is one copy for you as well.
Alright... Mr. Saqlain you can go.
Thank you.
Mr. Saqlain we will submit our evidence in court by next week.
I know that this case will be dismissed on the first call.
Alright.
Thank you very much*
You were quite fast.
How can someone keep a person in jail with a weak case like this?
I bailed you out in two minutes.
That was very quick.
I didn't even have to go inside.
Poor Areeba won't get a chance to talk.
In this condition, I shouldn't go home.
If I go home now, it won't give Areeba a chance to cry and...
there will be no hate in her heart for Mahnoor. I'm not going home.
Let's party...
Yes, sir, a party is due.
Come on let's party.
Have some water.
I don't want to.
Here are your fries.
Thank you.
Ramsha... how was your lunch that day?
It was fine.
You look worried, is everything okay?
Brother was telling me that my sister-in-law wanted to talk to you about something.
I thought it was very strange. What was it that they had to take you out to lunch, rather than talking at home?
I think my brother was making an excuse. My Sister-in-law didn't want to take me.
Right?
No, she wanted to talk to me.
Really.. what happened... you look worried.
Maheer... sister Mahnoor and brother Saqlain fought.
Such a big fight that I can't even tell you how bad. Everything at home is so weird that I can't even tell you.
Such is the matter. And I'm trapped between the two.
I don't understand what's the matter with my sister-in-law. She alleges anyone when she feels like it.
Just yesterday she alleged me of stealing her ring.
But in the end, her ring was found in her possession. If this had happened...
how would I have faced my brother and my family?
Thank God that I wasn't humiliated.
I don't understand...
how a sister can allege someone without evidence?
I don't know... I thought she was intelligent and sophisticated.
But... do you remember that I was the one who forced mother to accept her proposal.
Ramsha... I think...
she's doing this because I'm friends with you. That's why she doesn't think that I'm good.
But Ramsha, in my heart... there is no feeling of friendship with you...
Maheer...
I feel very emotional...
whenever I think about you.
So... that means that you...
like me...
Stupid... I became your friend because I liked you.
The truth is that I've started loving you.
But I feel afraid of how my sister-in-law will react when she learns of this.
You need not worry about your sister. I can take my life decisions. I don't need to ask her about everything. I can live my life as per my will, as she does.
Hmm... remember those words.
And stand by me, when the time comes.
Don't worry about it... I'm with you and will never leave your side.
Greetings.
Aima, what should I make for lunch today?
I don't know.
Ask auntie, until then I'll give this glass of water to Faraz.
Why don't you ask yourself?
Auntie, what should I make for dinner?
There is no need to bother yourself. Do not do anything, go to your room and rest.
And listen, be mindful of putting false allegations on us.
Auntie, believe me, I saw Maheer leaving my room that day.
Greetings*
Do you see Faraz...
She started once again, even though her lie was caught that day.
I didn't lie, I saw Maheer...
Sure, you did see Maheer...
We're all liars and you are the only honest person in this world!