Maheer, did you find anything about brother Faraz?
How can I find out?
Did you go to police station to check?
I did. I went to the police station close to his office but he wasn't there
Where have they taken my child?
In what condition would he be?
Will I get food or not?
Give him food
How selfish you are.
God knows in what condition your brother is and here you want to eat?
Fine, I'll starve if that is how brother Faraz can be found
Mother?
Leave him. He won't die
God know if someone has given my child food?
Who knows if he ate something or not
Mother, have water
Don't cry. Everything will be fine
In what condition would my Faraz be?
Its morning and he still isn't there. His phone is switched off too
Where were you the whole night?
I did message you and inform you that I had to go to Hyderabad in an emergency situation.
It was too late so I didn't find it appropriate to travel so I stayed at a friend's place there.
but why was your phone off? I kept calling you the whole night.
Your number started responding but you switched it off again
Sometimes a person gets stuck in a situation where he can't attend the call.
I could be in trouble too
yes! I didn't think about it. What is your problem?
No! There is no problem. Even if I'd tell you, what solution would you give me?
Now tell me, why were you calling me again and again?
And Mahnoor called me many times too. I couldn't call her back
Mahnoor came. She was saying that you filed a harassment case on her colleague?
Yes I did.
He was threatening Mahnoor in front of me. So I thought to teach him a lesson. Also ..
Mahnoor was being humiliated everywhere because of her. I had to take an action
I thought, she would get rid of that guy this way
She was very upset. She was saying that why did you do this harassment case?
Faraz isn't like this. His reputation would suffer at office now
Doing a favor to your sister is like doing a sin. Its the same case ..
I am a fool who always wants to do good to her. But end up being a criminal
now see, the other day she was defending herself as if she has no link with Faraz
Anyways, I don't want to discuss this matter right now. I'm too tired
I'm awake since whole night and then traveled back.
You make me breakfast. I want to sleep afterwards
Yes, I'm bringing it
Whole night has passed
My son hasn't come back
Mother, you haven't eaten anything since night. You'd get sick. Please have tea at least
No!
I don't want to.
I can't even drink water.
May God ruin those people who did this to my child
how do we take him out? We don't know anyone
Earlier, people in Faraz's office ..
Ask Maheer to go to his office and talk to them
go and wake him up
I'll talk. You have this tea
Leave it. You go
Go!
Hello? Greetings
Yes, I asked Aneeqa.
Which police station. Fine. I'm coming
Thank you so much. I'll go and talk myself first.
I'll let you know if I need you. Thank you so much
Mahi, where are you going? Have breakfast
Mother, I will get late. I have to go bail Faraz out of police station
What? Will you go to police station?
Its obvious. I'd have to go to take the complaint back
An innocent person spent his night in jail because of me.
Can't I even go to bail him out? I'd have to go
But Mahi?
I'll come and tell you.
Look, neither you are not letting me contact my home nor any lawyer for my bail
This is unfair, honestly
We didn't do unjust to you. You tell me yourself, you stayed here the whole night.
Did we give you any trouble? No, right.
Have this. Either call your family or a lawyer
Greetings!
Greetings! I'm sure you are Mahnoor. Sit
Speak up?
I want to take this complaint back without any pressure
Mr. Faraz is innocent. Neither he harassed me nor threatened me
But your brother in law was too worried regarding you.
He was also saying that you had a fight with him and he is humiliating you everywhere
There was some misconception. Faraz isn't like this. He is a good person.
He never misbehaved with me. Infact, he has always supported me in office
This is the result of a misconception.
Hence, I want to take my complaint back. Its a request to release him
Fine!
As you say, but tell me one thing.
If there wasn't any problem then why did you people waste police time?
If police doesn't take action then it is police that is bad.
But if it takes action, then the story comes out different
God knows when will you people get sense
Inspector, I'm sorry for trouble. It won't happen ever
Sign here
Fine, you can take him
Release him
Thank you!
Faraz?
Umm
Actually, I'm embarrassed for whatever happened. I'm sorry
Brother Saqlain didn't even let me know about it.
If I had an idea, I wouldn't have let it happen
I'm not worried about what happened.
I'm stressed for what is going to happen.
Everyone has come to know at office. I have no idea how to face them
Its not just you. Even my name is ruined.
I have to clarify things to everyone too
Lets do one thing, lets go to office together.
Infact, first lets go to your house.
Once your family has seen you, they'd be satisfied.
After that, we'll go to office together. I'll explain everything to boss.
I want to solve this problem today. What do you say?
Shall we go?
Okay!
Where were you? Why did you take so much time
I'll tell you why
Maheer? My child, did you go to brother's office? Did you find out anything?
Yes, I have. I went to brother's office.
I found it out there that brother has been caught in harassment case.
It was filed by his manager. Her name is Mahnoor. She is the same person brother had a fight with
No Maheer, that problem is already solved
I don't know if its the same problem or not
what can be the other matter?
Mother you don't know what happens when a female colleague files an harassment case.
It might be possible that brother Faraz ..
No, it isn't possible. My son can never do any such thing.
Faraz has never seen anyone with wrong intention
He'd do this to his boss? May God ruin his boss. She's telling a lie
Mother?
O Faraz, my son
Are you fine?
Thanks to God brother that you are back. Do you know how much we were worried
why did police take you? Maheer was saying that some Mahnoor ..
No mother, it was a misconception
this is Ms. Mahnoor
She has taken complaint back and case is over
Ms. Mahnoor, you sit here for a while. I'll go and change. Then we'll leave
Where are you going?
Mother, I have to go to office. I came to tell that I'm fine
hmm .. come
Sir, you can't go inside
what do you mean?
Madam, boss has restricted Mr. Faraz to enter the office
We are going to talk to boss
Madam, sir said that he'd call Mr. Faraz himself. For now, he's not allowed
Okay! I want to get my stuff from inside. I might have this permission?
Sir, you come with me and take your stuff in front of me
One second
Faraz, I'll go and talk to boss
Sir, you wait on the side
Sir, this was just a misunderstanding and its clear now
Ms. Mahnoor, I think you didn't see today's newspaper. Look at this,
this is a two liner news but its a big problem.
In few hours, it might become a social media trend too
but sir, this is false. I myself am telling you that this isn't true
I know its not true.
By taking the complaint back and releasing Faraz from jail, you have proven it.
But this company's reputation can be effected a lot with all this
Be thankful that higher manager only took action against Faraz. No one talked about you.
But if they'd find out that complaint was false, then they would like to talk to you as well
Sir, I have no problem in talking and clarifying things. But its injustice to Mr. Faraz.
He is being punished for the crime he hasn't done.
Also, you like Faraz a lot too
Yes, I do. Infact, I got him bailed out the last time.
These both are different things. It was a harassment issue. Such things are huge
Please, help me solving this problem.
This job is important to me but not as important as it is for Mr. Faraz.
I won't be able to forgive myself if he's being treat unjustly because of me
Please sir
fine! I'll inform you. Lets see what happens
Higher management would talk to you.
To be honest, I also don't want Faraz to lose his job
but lets see what happens
Last decision is taken by higher management. I'm also an employee like you
right!
Areeba?
Yes
Yes?
Keep this money
This much money?
Yes, contractor asked me money so I took them out of bank
then he left the city for a week. Anyways, keep it carefully. Its 2.5 million rupees
2.5 million?
why are you giving him such a big amount in cash?
I was going to pay by cheque. He said, he wants it in cash
anyways, keep it safe
I'll take it from you when I'd have to give it to him
I'll keep it safe
I'll leave now. Also, get ready in evening
we'll go out for dinner
hmm
hmm? bye!
bye!
Where will I keep this large amount of money?
I'll hide it upstairs under the bed. No! I'll keep it here in cupboard
Look at this. Wow!
In few hours, it got 1000 of likes and views. Such news is prevailed quickly
Right!
Mr. Faraz, you and here? I mean, how did police leave you so soon?
Mahnoor has taken back her false complaint
I see. This means that madam Mahnoor brought you back after so much?
Amazing!
Because that was a fake complaint
Forgive me Mr. Faraz, complaint can be fake.
But Ms. Mahnoor helping you besides all this gossip is so weird
Look at the social media, Ms. Mahnoor is being humiliated a lot along with you.
Read the comments. You both are a drama.
I have to agree with one thing
Madam Mahnoor has a big heart
May be she has fallen in love with Mr. Faraz, this is why she is doing too much
by the way, did you upload this all on social media?
Who else can do it other than me?
He held my collar
Yes, I have left the house and my wife has the money
Have patience. There is no need to do so soon.
We'll do it in few days.
Also, there shouldn't be any mistake otherwise you know me.
Be very careful.
fine! bye
What is it? Why have you brought me here? Anything special?
umm .. yes
I know it very well. Are you worried about your job?
I'm standing with you in this matter.
Also, it is my responsibility to help you resume your job. Don't take tension
I have a meeting with boss tomorrow
I have been blamed falsely one more time .. And again the reason was a woman
Everyone saw my drama earlier
Her family sent police at my home
Why do I get insulted because of a woman every time.
it isn't you
infact, to make me suffer you are being used
your name is being connected to mine deliberately to insult me
God willing, things will be fine. You will get back your job. Its a promise
Will you marry me?
what?
Are you gone mad? Do you even have an idea what you are saying?
I'm working hard to get you your job back and you ..
Please listen to me
No more words or else I'll lose my patience
I thought you are different from other men
but I was wrong about you.
There is no difference between you and others
Will you marry me?
Sister?
hmm?
are you fine?
Yes, I'm fine
it doesn't look like that from your face.
You weren't home the whole day and now you look so stressed. Is that matter solved?
Yes, its solved
Tell me, is there any problem?
do you have a problem regarding job?
Everything is fine. I'm just having headache. Make me tea
I'll bring it. Shall I bring medicines too?
No, I have taken medicine. Bring me tea
okay!
Yes mother?
what happened my child, where were you the whole day?
I went to office. I told you
You spent the whole night in stress and kept working at office.
You should have come earlier and rest
Now I'll rest. Until I get a new job, I'll sit at home and rest
what?
Your job?
Yes mother, the consequences of this case are huge
but that was all lie. Mahnoor was with you as well
She was with me, but I don't think so she'd be now
Anyways ..
you don't worry. From tomorrow, I'll start looking for a new job.
I'll get a good one if God wills. You pray
My child, everything will be fine. Don't you worry. Shall I bring tea for you?
No, I'm fine mother
True?
Are you fine, Faraz?
Hello?
Yes Faraz, speak up?
I .. I want to apologize
I proposed you without even thinking
I know that you don't deserve me
you just ignore what I said. Because ..
I know that you are worried, what if I'll step back from helping you?
Don't take tension, I'm with you until you resume your job back
I am not worried about my job.
I'll start looking for it from tomorrow. If not higher position, I know I'll get an average one
I truly respect you.
People are joining your name with mine, and making assumptions. For that I ..
Look, I'm a very simple person. I don't know how to be clever
I think that you are insulted because of me and ..
Sister?
Come here quickly
what happened? why are you shouting?
Look at this
what?
what is being written about you on social media?
I mean, they have mentioned something opposite. This shows that you had an affair
They aren't mentioning what the actual thing was
Aren't you both slept?
mother, look at this
what happened now?
Sister's pictures are there on social media.
I mean, there is a news that sister had an affair with her colleague.
This all happened because of brother Saqlain.
Why is he after me? I think he won't live me peacefully until I'm alive
you do one thing, you leave this job and do something else.
What will happen then? Will this scandal leave me?
Today, they are joining my name with Faraz. Tomorrow they will do it with someone else.
I wanted to get rid of this but then what happened? Something I was afraid of.
Tell me, how will I get rid of this now?
Don't be scared.
Shakila, I wanted to say
I don't have an objection on that proposal
Ask them to wait for 1 or 2 week. I'll talk to Faraz ..
You don't have an objection, but they have clearly refused
why so? They were very much ready earlier
Hey, they did your son's inquiry and said too much to me. They asked me to show a proposal of a decent family
Tell me one more thing, is this a new issue?
no, who said that to you?
Look, you don't hide anything from doctor or a lawyer.
 If you won't tell me the truth, then I won't help you next time
Is it about a girl? I heard that Faraz ..
O no .. This is all lie
Really? He stayed one night in jail for this? 
Wow! Why does every girl puts blame on Faraz? 
Earlier you said the same, when his ex wanted to divorce him
Although, all the neighbors say that you all tortured her. 
She left the house bare feet to save her life
Anyways, this incident is transparent. Otherwise, they wouldn't have fired him from job. 
Now don't ask who told me this. Bride's brother went to Faraz's office and found it out
and then they refused.
sir, its injustice with Mr. Faraz
Look, we also don't want anything wrong happens to anyone, neither with you nor with Mr. Faraz. 
But you can see that company's reputation is suffering with you both
Our competitors are taking advantage of this situation. Situation hasn't changed yet
Yes, you must have an idea what is going on on social media
I totally understand and I'm really sorry about this. 
But sir, if my resignation solves this problem then I'm ready to resign
but sir, Mr. Faraz is very needy. He needs this job. 
You also know that he won't get another job in this situation
You also know that this is a false blame. He isn't like this
Please sir, do think about it. He's innocent. Trust me
Fine Ms. Mahnoor. We have heard you. Give us some time to discuss this matter
As far as your resignation is concerned, that's not possible. 
Otherwise, it would confirm that Faraz is guilty and we asked the victim to leave
which isn't true
Yes, he said it right. And you know how quickly people make a story out of it
okay sir, I'll leave
Please, do give it a thought
You ..
You wait here for a minute
where are you going?
Maheer?
Excuse me for a minute
sure? Yes, speak?
I wanted to talk about a lecture. That subject ..
Please Ramsha, I'm not in a mood to teach you right now. 
Come after a day or two. If I'm in mood, I'll teach you
okay?
Listen? Come
come
What happened? What is it?
listen man ..
Is this your bother Faraz?
This story is on social media as well?
Seriously? Did your brother really harass his boss
No way, this girl is telling a lie. She is humiliating him
seriously?
She is characterless herself and now blaming my brother
yes, you go
we'll meet later
yes
Faraz my child ..
Did you find a job?
I will
I don't understand
what is life punishing me for? Earlier, I tolerated torture from my in laws
I left my share behind just to avoid conflict
I suffered
faced poverty ..
and today, my children are facing troubles like me
O God
if this was written in my fate
then You should have written a good fate for my kids
Mother, we shouldn't complaint
We can't complaint to Him
Then whom shall I complaint?
who do I have than Him?
infront of whom I can cry?
People get their sons married
for their happiness, but I brought a trouble into this house.
that nuisance has caused you humiliation
Mahnoor is worse than her. She took the job away
I think ..
like you, Aima won't get married too
Mother, it isn't Mahnoor's fault
Whose fault is it? Yours? Did you see this?
Every other person in university is asking me that did your brother really harass that girl?
what do I tell them ..
Maheer?