Sister, stop mother.
She asked auntie to find a proposal for me. I can't marry right now. Please, talk to mother
What do I say?
She won't agree.
She has said it that she doesn't trust me.
What would I say to her?
this is all happening because of you.
You have set an example that mother doesn't trust me now.
It was you who used to have affairs outside with men.
I used to come straight home from college
Instead of you, if I had talked about it to mother or brother Saqlain
then I would have already gotten rid of that disgusting man.
Ramsha?
The whole neighborhood is joining my name with that disgusting man, and comparing me with you.
My life is over.
I want to study not marry. What will I do now?
It was you who used to have affairs outside with men.
I used to come straight home from college.
Come in
Mother, you were saying that some guests would come today for brother Faraz's proposal, but you haven't prepared anything.
Neither have you cleaned the house or changed clothes.
I myself stopped them.
Infact, I told her not to show us any proposal for sometime now.
We will solve this matter later
Why mother, you were after auntie to solve this matter as soon as possible.
What happened now?
Aima, I think Maheer was right.
Earlier, I took the decision in rush and foolishness and got Faraz married.
I was scared that he earns well and is settled, he might bring someone from his choice
who would corner us all.
she didn't gave importance to Faraz as well
It isn't right to get him married at this time.
What if I get him married in this condition and his bride would start controlling his money, then?
So mother, does it mean that you won't get brother Faraz married?
Its unjust
This isn't. Faraz knows it well that he isn't going to get married easily. Also, he refuses himself.
I don't have a husband who would take responsibility of this house.
I have this son whom I made this capable of
Now he should fulfill the responsibilities he has first. After that I'll get him married
Until then Maheer would become something
As you wish. If you find it appropriate, then do it
Listen, check this and clean it properly. I'll go and pray. I'll come back and cook it
Come in
Madam?
Yes?
Did you sign this quotation?
Yes, shouldn't have I?
No! I think you didn't give it a thorough read.
Prices mentioned are too high and we didn't do contract on these rates
What do you mean?
I mean, if we'll do the project on this price, then it would cost us double.
Show me?
Absolutely! These are the wrong prices. They aren't those we decided in the meeting
Yes! You might have not noticed another thing on it.
You got this file directly, and it doesn't have my sign on it. You still gave the approval
I think you are disturbed mentally
It is Bilal who is at mistake.
He took out wrong rate list and sent to you directly by the office boy.
I'll do one thing, I'll cancel it. So that you won't have a problem later
Thank you Faraz!
Mention not, madam.
Mother has called us tomorrow evening
Is everything fine?
Auntie Najma has shown a proposal for Ramsha
The guy lives outside the country. He has a good business and nice family.
He is 7 or 8 years older than Ramsha.
Mother want you to look into this proposal. Say yes if you find it right
Does it mean that auntie wants to get Ramsha married before Mahnoor?
What Mahnoor did to herself
would effect Ramsha's future too
Its better that Ramsha get married before that
Tell me, what unjust has happened to Mahnoor?
She has been living her life freely. Doing whatever she wants
She meets whoever she wants to
It is us who are facing this humiliation.
And along with us, that poor Ramsha is also suffering because of her.
Ramsha called. She was crying a lot.
She was asking me to stop mother. She doesn't want to get married but study.
I clearly told her that I'm not going to do so.
I also want her to get married so that mother can be over with this responsibility
Because I think that it is difficult to explain anything to Mahnoor now
I think this would be appropriate according to situation
These are few bills that I have already looked into. Some of these are important ..
Madam?
Yes? You were saying ..
You weren't listening to what I was saying
I have been seeing since few days that you look very distracted.
You seem stressed. Is there any problem?
I'm so sorry. I'm asking you a personal question
No, you're right. I'm too stressed these days.
I'm sure, its work pressure
No! It's something personal. Anyways thanks for your concern.
but I think I need to learn things from you
that how can be keep our personal and professional life separate
and how can we prioritize work besides having crisis in our personal life.
A person learns this over time.
Everyone is facing problems and troubles in their lives these days
And if we don't focus on our job besides having these problems, then we might lose our job.
That would be a new problem.
Its better if we stay focused on our work
you are right. Also, I have to prove it to the management that selecting me wasn't a bad decision.
I am still on my probation period and I have to show them that their decision of choosing me was right.
Good luck!
Thank you! What were you saying?
yes!
auntie, I know that you took this decision in grief
but what can we do? A person thinks something but something else happens
Don't you worry. Things will be fine and this time will pass
by the way, where is Ramsha? I am here since long and she hasn't come to meet me
yes, she's in room. I'll call her. Salma?
yes?
Tell Ramsha that brother Saqlain is outside. So she comes out
yes madam
How is Areeba? You should have brought her along
She was busy at home
Sister Ramsha, madam is calling you outside.
Brother Saqlain is there too. He's asking about you
So what if he's here. I don't want to meet anyone. Everyone should go to hell
Sister, speak slowly. There would be a new problem if brother Saqlain has heard you.
You go outside and greet him. Then come back
Fine! you go, I'm coming
meet brother Saqlain
Greetings!
Greetings!
What is it? I have been sitting here since long and you haven't come to meet.
What is my fault in it if you are upset with auntie?
what have you done to you? You have ruined your eyes crying.
Has crying ever solved a problem?
Brother Saqlain, ask mother not to be unfair to me by making an issue out of that thing.
I don't know that guy, I swear. I don't know what is happening to me.
fine! sit, my child
I know my child that it wasn't your fault.
That nuisance was after you.
I have taught him a lesson that he will remember it his whole life.
You won't see him ever again in this street.
If you'd face him in life later, it would be him who'd change the path
And auntie, don't you worry too. I have handled the situation well. Everything is fine, don't worry
By the way, do you know I have something that would change your mood immediately. And you'll stop crying
what is this?
Look at it yourself
this is .. this is my college fee
yes! I have got your admission done.
Now study hard. You have already wasted a week of yours
But my child Saqlain, I don't want her to study further.
I want to get her married as soon as possible
auntie, don't mind. Decisions taken in rush are always wrong
also, Ramsha is still young. It isn't her age of marriage
she should study
You have no idea how much I disliked it hearing about it from Areeba.
And trust, when her age would come I would get her married myself with a suitable guy.
Its my responsibility not yours.
Do one thing
Do one thing, keep this money. Have it. Shop for yourself tomorrow and study hard.
Thank you!
Auntie, I'll leave now. I'll visit with Areeba after 1 day or two.
Infact, I'll ask Areeba to take you out for shopping
That would be fine
Fine! Are we happy?
hmm
Right?
Stay happy. Okay auntie, bye!
bye!
Brother Saqlain? Brother Saqlain?
Yes my child?
I wanted to say thank you! You have no idea how much I'm thankful to you.
Mother wasn't ready to listen to me or anyone else
My child, there is nothing to be thankful. This was my responsibility.
I will keep fulfilling my responsibility in future too.
I know that auntie said those words in anger. She did injustice. She shouldn't have
But I promise. Nothing would happen to you until I'm here.
Relax!
O Mahnoor?
Greetings!
Greetings! You are back early today. Its not even 6
When I get free early or there is no work at office, I try to come back home early
hmm...
Mahnoor, I know it that you don't like anyone's interference in your personal affairs, but ..
It isn't like this. Tell me what you want to say?
There are some issues that are connected to family
and they directly effect your family.
Relatives and neighbors have started talking about it too now.
Why don't you get a car for you?
It isn't appropriate to take a lift from your colleague
Look, I'm not saying it for me but for you.
You are at a higher position in your office.
It doesn't look good taking pick and drop from your colleague.
People say things when you leave. One should be careful
no matter how liberal we are, we have to live in this society
Yes!
Okay then, bye
bye!
Lets go!
I used to consider brother Saqlain so wrong.
I have always made fun of him and insulted him thinking that he only thinks wrong about us. He keeps scolding us
But he has proven me wrong today
If a medicine is bitter, it doesn't mean that its bad.
Saqlain has always cared about us.
He isn't my child but he has proven himself my son
He always cared about my pain more than my real children
How is it?
Delicious. I was very hungry
good!
Brother, I need a bike to come and go to university
Bike?
Yes,
Actually, university is far away. I have to change van every time.
I get tired too. Above all, my clothes get dirty and it doesn't look good
Why don't you do one thing, you get free from university in the evening.
Give tuition to children. Save that money and get a bike on installments. Right?
Don't you speak too much?
Keep your ideas to yourself. Also, when will I study if I'll go teach?
As if you study after university in the evening and don't roam around with friends?
Aima, have your breakfast quietly
Yes, Ramsha has got the admission.
Now brother Saqlain would decide her pick and drop.
Listen, I considered brother Saqlain wrong. I misunderstood him
He has always solved our problems in a very positive way.
The issue that got worse because of me and Ramsha was suffering, he solved that too.
Otherwise, poor Ramsha
I was disturbed so I wasn't able to work properly too.
But now I have thought that I would forget everything and work hard
Now there is no problem regarding brother Saqlain as well. I'm satisfied
Yes! Okay Aneeqa, bye
Faraz my child ..
He's too worried since few days and requesting me to ask brother to get him a bike
My child, if possible then manage it and get him a bike on installments
Mother, don't you know how difficult would it be to pay installments?
Already, loan is being deducted from my salary
and I have to pay his semester fee too
I can't take loan again and again.
Neither would my company approve loan so easily
Yes my child, I do understand.
There are many problems but the income is less.
Our problems are more than your strength
what are you saying? Are your problems different than mine?
Infact, I'm worried that my siblings are facing such problems that I'm not able to solve
Fine, we'll get a bike for you
thank you brother!
For now, lets get a second hand bike. We will get a new one later
Live long my child. May God keep you happy and may He keeps giving you strength
How much you care and love your siblings.
Do you know, you aren't like your paternal family regarding this
Look at your uncle.
The way he has taken right of your father.
God knows how do these people sleep in peace?
Did you talk to Mahnoor about that guy?
The guy who is her colleague and neighbors saw her with him too
After so much, do you really think I'll talk to Mahnoor? Never
Areeba, you should at least talk to her
Mother has stopped talking to Mahnoor as well
It is you who got Ramsha admitted in university.
Otherwise, I didn't want Ramsha to go to university
She's becoming ill-mannered like Mahnoor
Look I don't want you to be disheartened by your sisters.
They are your blood. Don't fight with them because of me
Yes, they are my sisters. But they don't care about me at all.
Only you are mine. 
You always supported me in grief
Because of my sisters, you were humiliated a lot. You tolerated everything silently
For me, your happiness is most important.
 I don't have anyone in this world but you
and we will tolerate all these problems
Tell me yourself, can you leave me alone in my happiness? No, right? Then how can I?
you kept facing my sister's problems because of me
they are my sisters too
Coat
Yes!
Do talk to her. Okay? Bye
bye!
For how long will you stay upset to me?
I'll leave this job and stay home, would that make you trust me?
Who was the guy neighbors saw you with?
He's my colleague, mother. Assistant manager.
Are you related to him?
Mother please, what are you saying?
My cab stopped working so he helped me. 
I was dropped at bus stop and not home just to avoid any such issue
Still .. please trust me
Do I need to convince you as well? 
To win your trust, do I need to make promises?
Please, try to understand me
why are you standing with the world?
 Is the world not enough to hurt me that you are supporting them?
you know me. I'm not like this
Come to me
I have got the file. I'll talk to you later.
 Yes Ms. Mahnoor, your work and dedication has proven it that our decision of selecting your wasn't wrong. I appreciate it
Along with this, I want to give you this good news that your job is permanent now. 
Now you'd be able to get all the perks like car, provident fund, insurance etc
Thank you so much sir. This is the result of your trust on my and co operation of my team.
otherwise, I won't be able to reach this position
Sign of hard working people is that they don't find anything difficult. 
Tell me one thing. do you know driving?
umm .. I don't know it yet, but I'll learn
You'll get the car in 2 to 4 days.
I want you to be ready for that
Sure sir! Thank you
Thank you!
so funny!
Ramsha?
hmm?
How is your university going?
Its going good
Hmm .. you might have found new friends in university now
Yes, I have made many friends
You haven't told me about your friends. Tell me? How are they and who are they?
Why don't you ask clearly that have I made male friends or not?
No, it isn't like that. 
Look, you study in a university. 
If you make male friends , there is no problem in it. Its just that we should know our limits
Look Ramsha, You are my younger sister. This is why I'm explaining it to you. 
I have been noticing that you focus more on phone than studies these days
This time of university is very excited but challenging too
I know that you are a bright student. 
This is why I don't want you to suffer in studies in any way
are you understanding?
You aren't present at home the whole day. 
You have no idea what is going on behind you. How can you say that I don't study the whole day?
It isn't like that. I didn't mean that
You mean I should stay busy studying just for you?
No ..
Secondly, I'm not interested in friendship with guys. 
And I know my limits more than you.
So its better if you don't dictate me for no reason. huh?
Ramsha?
Move aside
Yes?
Greetings!
Is this Ms. Mahnoor's house?
It is, And you?
My name is Faraz. I and Ms. Mahnoor work in the same office.
Okay!
Mr. Faraz, you?
Yes, your car is here. GM asked me to drop it at your house.
I asked GM to ask the driver to drop the car at home
His driver is on leave
Thank you!
You're welcome. Congratulations to you. You deserve this achievement.
So kind of you. Thank you!
I'll leave now
No way! Mahnoor, he did so much effort for you. At least ask him to come inside for tea
No, it isn't needed. I have to hire a cab and get my car. I will get late
Right!
The key .. bye
Congratulations! You should learn to drive now. 
Infact, if you have any problem, ask your colleague to take time out and teach you driving.