Auntie, I did talk to my auntie. Infact, I had a big fight
how could Ashir take a big decision? If he didn't want to marry Mahnoor ..
then what was this all needed?
If he didn't want to marry, then why did he sign wedding papers?
We were thinking about only engagement
and it was Ashir who said that ..
he should get married before leaving. He was in rush
It was Ashir who was forcing to get married to Mahnoor
Mahnoor even refused.
Then why did he do so?
Areeba, this happened because of this all.
because Mahnoor didn't want to get married to Ashir and wanted to get married to Wasif
so this all happened
Don't try to change the topic by mentioning Wasif.
The truth is that your cousin took out his frustration at me
Your cousin whom you and sister Areeba kept on praising
Mahi but ..
But mother? He told the truth that he never wanted to marry me.
He only said yes because he wanted to take revenge
Revenge because I refused his proposal earlier
but Ashir told another reason to auntie. Due to which he had refused to marry you
and what is that reason?
Ashir got to know about her and Wasif.
Now tell me, if a decent guy finds out that the girl whom he is getting married is having an affair ..
how would he marry her?
Fine, then tell me this. How did Ashir find it out?
You can put this blame on me, that I told him about you and Wasif
If I had to, I would have told him before the proposal about her and Wasif
I wouldn't have kept it hidden.
I kept it hidden and I really wanted her to get married with respect
I know that my child Saqlain. You have always thought about our betterment.
May be, this pain was written in our fate
this why our happiness went away
They are sent back.
Your happiness are sent back and this can only be done by people who had problem with this proposal.
Either it could be Wasif or Mahnoor herself
Is brother Saqlain telling the truth?
Did you tell Ashir that you ..
Please, you should at least trust me.
Don't doubt me in this condition
But this is something to think about. How did they find out at last moment that you ..
Brother Saqlain told everything to Ashir.
If you don't trust me, you can confirm it
You'll find out the truth
But can brother Saqlain stoop so low?
and it was him who forced you and his cousin to get married.
Infact, he was leaving sister Areeba for this
he did
Brother Saqlain and Ashir all insisted, and then this happened
They think  that by doing so they have defeated me
you are so hurt?
Lots of tension is going on. Also, mother isn't well
and we forgot in this all, that how hurt would you be.
No, I'm fine.
Life is incomplete without tests
and I have accepted it as a test and got my patience.
patience? How could you have patience so soon
may be, you never loved him
love?
I agreed to marry him without love
but I trust God
He will do whatever is best for me
but ..
mother?
You know mother. She has a small heart.
I have to be patient.
If I'd cry in front of her, she won't be able to tolerate it
I have to be her support.
I can't make her weak
If she'd see me crying, something might happen to her.
Then what will we do? We'll be left alone
I can be patient for whatever happened to me
but if something happens to mother
then we won't be able to tolerate it
This is why, I want us not to talk on this topic in front of mother
She won't be able to tolerate it
We have to be her support.
I can't be weak in front of her
Whom are you calling early in the morning?
mother .. She was ill
I'm too worried about her. I couldn't sleep the whole night
She might be fine! Otherwise, Ramsha or Mahnoor would have informed
We got this big problem out of nowhere. I'm too scared and worried
I'm too worried too.
But whatever happened, happened because of Mahnoor
Sometimes, nature do give you what you want.
And it was her wish. Ashir had finally found it out
Mahnoor refused earlier, I do agree
but she agreed later
She didn't want to get divorce.
I do agree that we had to face humiliation
but this divorce has hurt her a lot too
really? Her face didn't have such expressions.
You looked more sad than her
I think she hadn't even shed a tear. She has no shame
But Saqlain
Look, don't argue early in the morning.
I'm having headache thinking about this all
Focus a little on this house and me.
Stop thinking about your family
Earlier, you were involved in Mahnoor's wedding.
Now you are crying for her divorce
Don't you have a responsibility of this house?
I have always fulfilled my responsibility
Fine, go and make me breakfast.
I'm having a bad headache. I don't even feel like going to office.
I'll have breakfast and rest
now go and make breakfast
Yes! I'm making
Weird people are present in my life
mother?
Please have food. You have to take medicines too
No my child, I'm not hungry.
Also, medicines aren't going to effect
sister, you explain it to mother. She isn't listening to me.
Ask her to have food. She has to take medicines
Mother, how would this work?
You can get sick if you won't have food. You have to take food
Mahi ..
don't worry about me
I won't leave you people so soon and go.
Your father has already left, but I have taken time from God.
Until I have got your both married
and fulfill my responsibility, I won't go
What are you saying? Don't even think about it
After father left ..
We never felt that we are orphans.
It was because you were there with us.
If something would happen to you then we'd be orphans
whatever happened
it has happened
we have to forget it now
we have to move forward.
After father's demise, we handled that pain too.
This pain is nothing in front of that
This is mine alone. Why are you worried
My child, your problems and pains aren't separate. You are ours
I don't like it
Only because of me, why are you, Ramsha and everyone are worried?
making and breaking of relationships are a part of life
but this doesn't mean that a person stops living life and give up
but my child, society doesn't leave it alone
but this society can't take my freedom from me
and I'm not answerable to this society for my future life
what do you want, Mahi?
what new world do you want to make, tell me?
I want to live my life
according to my way
My wedding broke and I got divorced
Do you want me to stop living my life because of all what happened?
this is what I want to say, Mahi. As soon as I'll get a good proposal ..
Mother please ..
don't talk about wedding to me
I don't want to get married
you asked me to get married
I did what you said.
I stopped dreaming because of the wedding but what happened?
the relationship that wasn't written in my fate
shouldn't be made forcefully
I ..
I want to get out of this all and do something in my life. I want to forget everything
I want to work and do CCS
I stopped because you asked.
Now I won't compromise on my dreams.
As far as wedding is concerned, I don't want to get married right now.
I will tell you when I want to ..
but before that you won't force me
okay!
Now have food
I will
Many congratulations on your wedding Mahnoor.
I pray that this journey of your life is filled with happiness
I am writing this all with so much courage. But what do I do, I had to show courage.
My purpose was never to create troubles for you
In some time I realized, that love isn't about achieving it.
Infact, we should pray for happiness of people we love
either he/she is with us or not
this is also love. I will keep praying for your happiness.
And I promise, I would never be a trouble for you
but you have to make a promise too.
In life if you face any trouble
or feel that you need me,
you'd contact me without hesitating.
our relation started with a friendship.
Everything is ended now but friendship won't end ever.
Have you dropped your CV?
yes, I have done it
Why do you look so upset?
no, I'm fine
I just hope that you get a job
God willing
I will get it
its amazing ..
Neither she told anyone nor asked, and now she wants to work
mother, why didn't you stop her?
she doesn't listen to auntie
auntie, you have no idea
what are people talking about
I am avoiding all the relatives.
As soon as someone meets me, they ask they why did your sister in law get divorce?
she got divorced 2 days before wedding.
Mahnoor doesn't even care about it. That woman is making future plans
don't mind auntie, but all of this is because of your liberty
After all this happened, I thought you'd keep her at home. According to me ..
According to you, I should hang myself
I have been humiliated so much
My husband got to know about my previous affair so he divorced me in anger.
According to you, I shouldn't step out of house now
why do you need to work?
Can't you sit at home in peace?
I and Saqlain are trying to find a good proposal for you. We'll get you married soon ..
proposal? You and brother Saqlain had already found a proposal for me. What happened to it?
That wasn't our fault
because of your own ..
I am not blaming anyone. I just want to move forward in my life
nothing else
auntie, what is it that you don't have. Now you'll have Mahnoor's earning too
Even you have everything.
You have family property.
Also, you get rent from sister Areeba's shops then why are you working?
I'm a man. I have to work
It doesn't look good if I sit at home
but auntie, you have no idea that it very difficult to find proposals of girls who are working
brother Saqlain, don't measure me with a balance of men and women.
I don't want to sit at home and waste my life
I also don't want to turn into psycho by thinking that what will people think about me if I'd leave home
no one would say anything to you. It is us who have to listen
then don't listen. Infact, go and break their faces.
Infact, why don't you change your social circle. These people say you anything they want anytime.
but remember one thing
I have taken a decision. I will definitely work
Mother can you see, how is talking?
Everything has started again
I'm scared what if they come after me
My college result isn't out yet. I have to take admission in university
why don't you talk to brother Wasif?
what for?
He wanted to get married to you. Now you aren't even committed.
do you want that I go back to him because I couldn't move forward?
there is no problem in this
you both like each other
Our love ended months ago
if he's still standing there, then it isn't my fault
what do you think?
if I couldn't reach my destination
should I go back to him again?
Even if he wants, I would never go back to him again
sister?
Ramsha please
look
I am not so selfish.
I can't take advantage of someone else because of my own benefit.
Wasif was my past. We have parted ways
and now whatever happens
we can't be together
This happened because your sister's actions
Infact, forget her. She is happy and living her life.
It is me who is facing humiliation
everything is in front of you
I and mother both talked to Mahnoor. If she isn't listening then how is it our fault?
she will regret and you too
God knows what will happen in future because of this liberty.
Isn't an affair and divorce enough?
Mahnoor should go to hell. Infact, your whole family should go to hell. I have raised my hands
I was humiliated whenever I tried doing kindness to you people.
what do I tell you? I have such busy life
I don't even get time to scratch my head
hmm .. she still keeps visiting people
nothing! I was asking you to have juice and relax
A person should keep meeting others and console each other
humanity would end if we won't help each other in such hard time
greetings!
Greetings! O Mahnoor, you went outside?
I thought you'd be at home. Her iddat is still left
Auntie, there is no iddat before proper wedding. You can even check
absolutely!
She went outside because there was something important
sister\
I swear to God, I'm having a headache.
That auntie has been sitting for last 2 hours and repeating one thing again and again. O hello!!
and mother is listening to her silently. She isn't answering her to make her quiet
where are you going?
to make her shut. Not only her, but rest of our relatives too
I am thinking to call everyone and tell them what happened to me.
At least, their excuse to come here and show sympathy would end
a divorced daughter is like a huge burden for a mother
May God never show this day to even an enemy.
I curse such people who gave this stain of divorce to Mahnoor.
You'd see that God would take the revenge
Yes, because God doesn't forgive a person until he has been forgiven by the person he has hurt
and God doesn't even like people hurting His men verbally or physically
Mahi
auntie, I do agree that you feel sad for whatever happened to me. Infact more than me.
This is why everyday, either someone comes to show this sympathy or call.
My bad luck is that you people are more hurt than me
Girl, what are you trying to say?
all I am saying is that keep this pain to yourself
there is no need to tell us because we have overcome it.
And stop coming here daily and sprinkling salt on our wounds in the name of sympathy
Wow! People say it right that don't be kind to anyone.
Write one thing down sister Saira, your daughter is sitting at home because of her tongue
O God, she should be ashamed on this thing but look at her speaking too much in front of everyone
You are right, auntie. Those should be ashamed too who make other people's pain a drama
and make fun of them in the name of sympathy
Can you see it Saira, how is your daughter humiliating me?
 I would never step in your house again.
You just came back. Now you are going again?
Yes, auntie called. She has a pain in her knee. 
I thought to go and ask about her health
Ashir did so much unfair to Mahnoor
and auntie didn't apologize to mother even once
and you ..
you are going to ask about her health?
what do you want?
shall I end my relationship with auntie?
 Ashir and Mahnoor's relationship ended because of Mahnoor. 
How is it auntie's fault?
If you see ..
Your sister insults me everyday. 
Because of her and her affair, 
I had to face humiliation in front of Ashir and auntie
you haven't ended your relationship with your sister
then why do you expect me to end my relationship with my real auntie?
 Listen to me, 
its a blood relation
I'm going to meet her. And you also have to meet her for me
because of your sister's actions
I can't end my relation with her
understood?
understood?
hmm
Good!
What is it Ramsha? Why do you look upset?
I don't get it
mother got upset and went to the room
what wrong did we do by answering auntie?
our own relatives ..
they disappear quickly when we need them
but they are called our relatives
I don't understand that why doesn't mother say anything to them?
I mean, I'm sure mother doesn't like what they say
Listen. don't you worry. I'll explain it to mother. Infact, come with me
I know that you are upset
and you should be
a low tempered child like me
who has never listened to you and has hurt you
one should be upset from such child
no matter how disobedient a child is, a mother always pray for them
and you are never bad. 
You are my most adorable daughter. 
You have always realized my pain
but what happens to you suddenly. You think that everyone is an enemy
Mother, I find everyone our enemy who tries to make fun of our problem.
 Instead of making our problems easy, they try to make us feel inferior
my child, this news has spread in the whole family like a wildfire.
everyone is talking about you and I can't see your humiliation
it had to be spread
Brother Saqlain is there to do so. 
As far as humiliation is concerned,
 I can't be fake
It isn't Saqlain's fault
It was just written in our fate
fate? then fine, accept it as God's will and be patient
If we'll talk to people, they will dig our wounds deep instead of healing them up.
Mother, sister is right. Sister didn't get married. 
Before a bride's departure, if the marriage contract ends, its completely like as if someone's engagement has ended.
and engagements do break. Its not a big deal
And you think about it, if people would keep reminding us our pain daily then how would we move forward?
when will we forget this all?
once you are married, people would get quiet
I will get married on the right time. 
As far as these people are concerned, they'd be quiet when I'd become something.
Don't take tension
how can I not? Saqlain was so upset
After hearing about your job. I don't know how will he react when you'll get the job
how is the food?
its fine
I made this all for you
I know that its your favorite
hmm
how was auntie?
She was fine. She was asking about you. 
Did you talk to Mahnoor?
Is she still obsessed with job or is it resolved?
I haven't talked to anyone since many days. 
Neither to mother nor Mahnoor
this is why I have no idea what is happening at their home
why? why didn't you talk?
you were right
I should focus on you and my house
I shouldn't get worried about my mother's and sister's problem
Infact, I was thinking that you shouldn't worry about them either. 
They can handle their rental issues themselves.
 You shouldn't waste your energy for no reason
Mahnoor can handle it herself
are you gone mad?
I mean, what are you saying?
why would Mahnoor handle things that I do?
I am saying it for you
whenever their matter is discussed, our conflict happens.
 Mahnoor wants to be the head of that house,
 let her be.
Everytime, I have to be embarrassed in front of you because of her. 
And she doesn't care. 
I have decided that I won't enter that house again
what has happened to you? Why are you getting upset because of Mahnoor?
how can you end your relation with auntie because of Mahnoor. Look at me, I'm in front of you. 
Mahnoor misbehaves with me every time
She has blamed me even that she got married to a wrong person because of me. 
She blames me for her divorce too
She blamed you wrongly. 
Nothing happened because of you.
Look, after hearing so much if I'm not ending this relation then why are you making an issue out of it? 
Think about auntie. How hurt would she be if you won't meet her or talk?
Call her after finishing your food
and we will go meet them in a day or two
they don't think this well as you think
I'll go and check what is going on there. She considers me mad
I'd step back because of these issues and give my control to Mahnoor?
My dominance would stay only if I'd keep her aside. 
Otherwise I'd lose control of everything
don't take tension. Have food
yes, I got worried
Brother Saqlain, have this sweet
I'll eat it if you say so. But what is this for?
Sister got a job of commercial manager in a big company.