which medicine Mahnoor has sent?
I don't need any medicine
I had lied to you because I wanted to meet Ramsha
how can you come to meet her like this?
you don't know that she... 
I know
but what shall I do?
I had become so helpless & compelled, that's why
please look...
just give me two minutes to talk to Ramsha
only 2 minutes!
Ramsha, are you listening to what I am saying to you?
Ramsha look, I know that you are listening to me
I just wanted to apologize to you
I know that I took wrong advantage of your innocence
I didn't know that...
the consequences of the game that I was playing with you will be so bad in the future
you got into this condition because of me, you are suffering because of me
what do you mean?
I...
Ramsha, I wasn't in love with you
I wanted to take the revenge of my insult from sister Mahnoor
because of which I had used your innocence & love as a weapon
Ramsha, if possible please forgive me. What I could do as I didn't had any other option at that time
Ramsha, I am so sorry. Please forgive me
I did a very big mistake
Ramsha, please!
Maheer
you can leave now
now keep waiting for me for lifetime, Fariya
I will never come back
not only this city, but you won't see me in this country
Rameez's car is not here
Fariya
Fariya!
yes
where is Rameez? I didn't see him since morning
Rameez? He has gone to the travel agent for the tickets. What happen?
Okay
have you taken all the money from him?
No! its with him
but he wouldn't be roaming around with it, he is here
yes
and what about jewelry?
mom, what's with you? Everything is inside the cupboard
I am saying you for my satisfaction
Ok listen, don't trust a lot on Rameez
a person's intention can change anytime
money is such a bad thing
for sure you are worried about your share
what's with you, Fariya? are we not together?
Go, go & check if the jewelry is fine
let me check for your satisfaction
mom!
what happen?
the bag is not there inside the cupboard, did you take it?
What!
why will I take it? Have you gone mad?
so where can the bag go from the cupboard?
I've been explaining you since so long, and asking you that where have you kept it
Come, let me see it myself
that's why I was asking you to be careful. You trust everyone
I had kept it here, how would I know that...
what shall we do now?
why will he do this to us?
let me do one thing, let me try calling Rameez
yes yes, quickly go & try calling. Maybe he had kept it somewhere
his phone is coming to be switched off
mom! Rameez's phone is off
what will happen now? My God!
there is something fishy!
there is something fishy...
Faraz
yes
dear, I was waiting for you. Please talk to Maheer
Ask him that what is he trying to do with himself. Why is he doing this to me?
mom, I'll talk to Maheer please don't worry about it. But right now I am worried about something else
What does Yasir wants?
Why, what Yasir did?
from the day he has joined office
I am getting his complaints on daily basis
Why! What complain does the office have with Yasir?
mom look, the office is not of our father
we cannot do everything as per our will
if you'll daily come late to the office & will fight with your seniors, then eventually there will be complains
dear, ask them to explain him with love. He will understand
and you don't say anything to him
he is like your younger brother
if my younger brother's professional behavior had been like this, then I would have pushed him out first
a person can tolerate relations & generosity inside the home, but not professionally
convey my message to him
Ramsha, I am so sorry please forgive me
I did a very big mistake
I knew it that Maheer wanted to take revenge from us
and he was doing that to humiliate me
that's why I had rejected this proposal at that time
I didn't like it, otherwise...
Maheer had used me to take revenge from you guys
and because of brother Saqlain, my life became a living hell
after all, what was my sin
that I've become the prey of the contumacy & enmity of both of you
I didn't had any personal clash with Maheer
if you hadn't gone home directly from the university on that day then
I was just worried about you, I was worried about your honor
it was you who was blinded in his love
Mahnoor
whatever Ramsha is saying, let her say
her complain is justified
we did a mistake in taking care of her
by the way....
I saw guilt & shame in Maheer's eyes
you are right
honestly Maheer has changed a lot
he has changed a lot, he isn't like previous Maheer
he stays very quiet, also he minds his own business
and since Ramsha has got married
he stays inside his room, he doesn't come out of his room
that's why aunty is also quite worried about Maheer
maybe he stays restless because of his guilt
that's why he came to apologize to Ramsha
otherwise, Ramsha wouldn't have got to know about these things in her entire life
Mahnoor
I am thinking to get Ramsha & Maheer...
stop it!
for God sake stop it! Don't think about me anymore
Ramsha... Ramsha!
for God sake! I beg you guys
already my mockery has been done, now for God sake forgive me
please
Mahnoor
I want to discuss something important with you
it had slipped out of my mind because of Ramsha
do you know any lawyer?
why are you asking about a lawyer?
We have lawyer who handles all of our cases
No, I want to meet a good family lawyer
try to find out one for me
what are you trying to do?
what you are understanding...
its the same thing
now go home, you are getting late
and do call me after reaching home
otherwise I will stay worried for you
sister, take care of yourself, Ramsha & of the baby
Maheer had used me to take revenge from you people
and because of brother Saqlain, my life became a living hell
after all. what was my sin
that I became the prey of the contumacy & enmity of both of you
I think, the life of both of my sisters got ruined because of me
if I wouldn't have been there, then nothing as such would have happened with them
why are you thinking like this?
because this is the truth
No, its not the truth Mahnoor
Maheer had gone to apologize to Ramsha
He has told the entire truth to Ramsha
that he was fooling Ramsha just to humiliate me
I have never kept any malice in my heart for Maheer
but I like it
that he told the truth to Ramsha & accepted his mistake
nobody becomes small by accepting their mistakes
that's why I am also accepting my mistake
but there isn't any fault of yours in it, Mahnoor
you were protecting Ramsha in all of this
and then its your farsightedness... 
my mother always used to say
that I will break Areeba's family
she always used to say to me
that Mahi the way you speak the entire truth without any hesitation
also you don't care about anything
I fear, what if you break Areeba's family
today...
I think that everything is happening because of me whatever my mother used to say
Areeba is seeking a family lawyer for herself
she was asking me to find a family lawyer for her
So, do you want sister Areeba to keep her name attached to a shallow & fraudster person like Saqlain?
he is a cheater, Mahnoor!
what not he did with you & Ramsha. Leave it
but he..
he has shattered sister Areeba's trust as well
Do you still think that there is any way out in their relation?
sister Areeba...
She was truly in love with brother Saqlain
today, when she was saying this to me
I didn't understand...
how come she became so brave
As per my opinion, Saqlain has removed this fear from her
if he hadn't taken off his veil in front of her, then maybe sister Areeba wouldn't have been so brave today
you aren't at fault in this, Mahnoor
I have an idea that what you must be thinking right now
You are worried because of Ramsha & sister Areeba, right?
you are thinking that how will their future life will be spent, what will they do
I don't understand anything
As happiness doesn't stays forever
the same way bad times & difficulties doesn't stay forever
no matter how dark the night is
next day, the sunrise comes over the darkness
there will be brightness, even if we stay hopeless
happiness will come for sure
everything will be fine, Mahnoor
what is the matter, why aren't you going to the university?
actually brother Faraz...
do you remember how hard it was to get your readmission done
also do you remember that next month are your final exams
don't worry, I have done the preparation of my exams
already your attendance is short
who misses their classes in such times?
you have already removed the burden that you had on your heart
brother, I've set my conscience free from this guilt
but the disbelief of her eyes
make me realize my sin
Maheer, Ramsha isn't your problem
mom is so worried about you
she has some hopes with you and if you won't fulfill them then do you know how upset she will be?
brother, I don't do this deliberately
I want that nobody shall be hurt by my existence
look, whatever is going on in your mind. Just leave its decision on the time
just focus on your future right now
look, if you listen to me & mom right now
then I assure you that...
I will support you on the right time
I wanted to take the revenge of my insult from sister Mahnoor
because of which I had used your innocence & love as a weapon
was it important to dishonor my love in order to take your revenge?
madam, come & have lunch
I don't want to eat
please don't do this, you haven't eaten anything since yesterday
and sister Areeba, already she is not eating anything
madam, I do realize your pain but madam Areeba needs you
if your mother would have been alive today, then think how much care she must have done of her
she used to pray a lot for her
also, she used to ask me to pray for her
if our mother would have been alive then our lives wouldn't have been destroyed like this
madam, everything is written in a person's fate
one should be thankful to God that somehow the difficult time has passed
and you do care about your sisters. Please come & ask her to have lunch
Tea
No
give me this cup
please sit
by the way, you people don't respect Yasir at all
He is your to be son-in-law, and who does this with their to be son-in-law?
oh no, its not the matter. Mahnoor, bring juice for Yasir
Okay, shall I bring juice or coffee for you?
I want nothing, I am not in a mood for anything
what is the matter, dear Yasir. You seem bit upset
No..
Yasir is upset with all of you
but we should know that why he is upset
whatever you & brother Faraz are doing with me in the office, is that reason less?
I think, we should keep the office matters to office
those matters shouldn't be brought at home
Secondly, Mahnoor & I mind our own business in the office. So you do the same, that's it!
did you see? He misbehaves with me in the same manner on daily basis
by taunting me he wants to prove that he did some big favor on me
although I got the job on my educational basis but..
Its ok dear, if they have helped you in this matter then its not some big favor
even you are doing a favor on them by marrying Aima
what are you saying? Favor!
what else? Yasir doesn't have any lacking of girls
he is still getting the proposals of rich & well-educated girls
So, we didn't came to you to seek the proposal?
you people came to our house yourself to seek Aima's proposal
Mahnoor, be quiet!
don't interfere in this matter
and Aima is just inter pass, she isn't an officer like you
So?
We hadn't hid this matter with you
Aima wasn't allowed to continue her studies because her marriage got fixed
even today she wants to take an admission in the university
if she completes her studies then she can also become an officer like me or a big officer than me
She doesn't lack any quality
She is such an illiterate and crazy girl. Neither she have any mind or intelligence
she can never become an officer
talk with respect about my sister
So what special qualities does your sister have?
he is right! Your sister is an ordinary looking girl
nobody will look at your sister if we don't come to marry her
therefore, lower your eyes & head while talking
why shall we lower our eyes?
you ask for the car in the dowry, and we shall lower our eyes?
your worthless son is of no use though
I get his complains in the office on daily basis
but we are tolerating, we haven't said anything ever
are you listening? Your daughter-in-law doesn't want your daughter to get married in a good family
As far as dowry is concerned, everyone gives it to their daughters. You guys aren't doing any favor!
and whatever you people are saying about Aima, shall we stay quiet after listening to it?
get up!
whether my daughter gets married into a good family or not
its her fate
but I have realized my mistake
I did one mistake after another by listening to your demands
therefore, I call off my daughter's & your son's engagement
you people may leave
Leave!
Areeba, I was sure that you will come to meet me here
don't worry! I will divorce Fariya
Besides, I don't have any relation with her anymore
just ask Mahnoor to end this case & forgive me
you also forgive me, for the sake of our child
I came to file a divorce case
these are the papers
sign them after the birth of my baby
me & my child doesn't have any relation with you
and I will not let you see my child's face for your entire life