have you seen the report?
yes
also we've got to know that the medicines were contaminated
yes, we've got to know that something was added to her medicines
means, poison
this is the same poison which was found in your mother's blood report
look at your mother's blood report, you can check it yourself
it means... 
it means my mother was killed by poison
and that too by adding in her medicine?
yes, I was very sure about the medicine
in fact, the reason of her death was massive heart attack
because we have cleaned the effect of poison. That's why it is said, one is helpless infront of death
thank you!
no matter whatever everyone thinks that mother died because of a heart attack
but now the doctor had also said
that mother died because of the poison added to her medicines
and those medicines were brought by brother Saqlain
whom are you calling?
sister Areeba
Mahnoor, think before calling. What if you guys have a fight
what shall I think?
my mother died because of these medicines
my mother's death wasn't unconditioned, in fact she was poisoned
yes Mahnoor, tell me... all good?
sister Areeba, is brother Saqlain at home right now?
No, he is in the office & I am at mom's house
then call brother Saqlain home right away, I am coming there
I want to discuss something important with both of you
what happen, Mahnoor. Is everything fine?
I will tell that after coming home
lets go
hello! Can you please come home for a while?
Mahnoor had called, she was saying that she wants to discuss something important with you
yes, I have told her that I will call you home
Ok, I am waiting
you guys are doing the workout here, & I've been searching for you guys in the entire university
what's the matter! You have given a lot of time to Ramsha today
actually her mood was off
so I thought to fix her mood, that's it
you are pitying someone? I don't believe it
it seems that he has fallen for Ramsha in real, otherwise he makes the girls come after him
sometimes, one needs to change their rules to play the game
and its not a sin to change your rules to win
come on, carry on the workout
anyways, tell me what is your plan after this?
what does she wants to discuss now that she has called me in such an emergency?
I hope she haven't come to ask for her inheritance share, or maybe... 
how are you, Mahnoor?
I'm fine, how about you?
and Faraz, you?
yes, I am also fine. How are you doing?
yes, I am fine. Please come
sit
have you told brother Saqlain that I want to talk to him?
yes, I had called him he is about to come
by the way, what as such is the matter that you guys came in an emergency
the matter is quite important
actually... 
Mahnoor, may I talk?
sister, actually the matter is that we've got the results of aunt's medicines samples
they were poisonous
So, the same poison can be observed in her blood report
what!
yes.. 
look at these blood reports
even doctor has confirmed them
who can add poison to mom's medicines?
its obvious! the person who used to bring medicine for her must have added poison to them
but mom's medicines... 
I see... 
so this is the conspiracy against me
conspiracy?
yes, conspiracy!
even I was thinking that what as such matter your sister wanted to discuss with me & that too all of a sudden
you did a conspiracy to kill my mother by adding poison to her medicines
and there is no doubt that you used to bring her medicines
you've gone mad!
do you have any idea that you are putting an allegation on my husband
this is their planning!
they want to take revenge from me
yes!
I used to bring medicines for aunt, Mahnoor
and not from today, I have been bringing them for so many years
and if I had to kill her then I would have done that long time ago, I wouldn't have waited for so many years
No, no... I believe you
you can never think of doing any such thing
I don't believe him at all! Also, the truth or lie will be decided
I am going to file a complain to the police against him & proof! we have this proof
I will show them that the medicines contain poison & he added it
you have gone mad!
did you see, she is threatening me!
she will go to the police to file a complain against me
it can be an ordinary thing for you that anyone call kill mother by giving poison, but its not an ordinary thing for me
I will ensure to get him punished
Mahnoor!
sister please!
have you gone mad?
how dare you to hold my wife's hand? Are you crazy!
nobody can raise their hand on Mahnoor infront of me
yes I know, in fact not just me but your entire neighborhood knows
that nobody can raise their hand on your wife in front of you, but you can oust her from the house anytime
don't try to change the topic like this
stick to the topic we are discussing. 
As far as Faraz is concerned
so doing his character assassination won't hide your sin
so what do you think, will you black mail me? Will you prove anything by showing the fake report?
this report is true & I have the proof of it
you have a proof
how do I know? 
You had given these medicines for testing, right?
maybe you have added the poison
what are you saying? Why will I trap you?
sister Areeba, can you believe it that I will kill mom by giving poison?
there is no need to do these dramas in front of me
everyone knows it very well how much you care for everyone
I remember it clearly, aunt used to call you whenever she was unwell. You people used to come here running
yesterday, a robber came inside the house & poor Ramsha was all alone. She was so afraid that she was about to die
you didn't even received her phone
I came for help! I handled her, I have always handled all of you
furthermore, I had handled your deceased mother as well. Your mother used to consider me her son
and she used to tell you the same thing
and now when she is no more in this world then, do you want to take revenge from me
Fine!
prove it! prove whatever you want to
I will also see how will you handle your sisters then
I will handle my sisters
my sisters aren't a burden on me, and you cannot black mail me for this
be quiet!
you always wanted to break my marriage
you have always provoked me & mom against him
Ramsha is the witness 
sister Areeba, what are you saying? I can't even think of it
then how can you put such a big allegation on my husband?
go away from here!
leave & never show me your face ever
nobody needs to go anywhere! All of you shall stay here together with love, I am leaving
you cannot leave me
I promise you! I will never come in this house ever, nor I will see her face ever again
leave my hand
I will go with you
sister!
sister... 
how can you leave me?
listen to me, where are you going?
you won't go anywhere after leaving me please
what are you looking at now? Go back to your house!
we are already so worried and you... 
go away!
Mahnoor, lets go
Mahnoor, I'm telling you to come
I want to go back to my house
give me my mobile. Bring my mobile, I want to go to my house
I want to go to my house with my husband
I will ensure to make you beg
I will make you apologize
when Areeba will make your life a living hell like always, then it will fix your mind
do visit the house tonight as well
and repeat whatever you did last night
but don't enter the house
got it?
sister... what happen?
he has switched off his phone
I am going to my house, I want to go to my house
what do you mean that you are going home? I am alone here, what will I do?
so, shall I leave my husband?
he had left in anger
earlier, mom was there... she used to call him to appease him
and used to call him here
who will call him now?
you know brother Saqlain doesn't listens to anyone whenever he is angry
I will appease him, he will agree
he won't come, I know him
at least don't cry
for what Mahnoor took revenge from me?
sister... please don't cry
please don't cry
how!
my sister has put an allegation on my husband for killing my mother
I have to see this day as well
I had told you, whatever you do... do it after thinking a lot
because I knew it that there would be a fight
sorry
you had to hear so many things from brother Saqlain because of me
I don't care about those things
I am angry on the fact that he misbehaved with you, he reacted a lot. I could have answered him
but the result could have turned out to be bad and...
what's new in this?
its brother Saqlain's habit, he leaves after getting angry on every petty matter and
then I have to apologize to him upon mom's insistence
maybe the intensity of those matters isn't very high
this time he has been blamed, that's why he is restless
its evident that he will react more
I am afraid, what if he leaves sister Areeba...
No
sister Areeba is his protective shield
he knows, if anyone can save him then its just sister Areeba
therefore, he always uses sister Areeba as his protective shield
Mahnoor, if we see it through reality instead of being emotional then
neither aunt's death happened because of the poison nor
we are confirmed that the poison is added by Saqlain
yes, the medicine was poisonous. And we have the proof of it but...
it is not confirmed that who had added it
I will suggest you to think before acting on anything
what if we face a huge loss & don't get anything
thank you dear, stay happy
oh dear, you guys took a lot of time
I had told you that Yasir & his mother are coming
Mahnoor, they have come to meet you
mom actually....
hey Mahnoor, you are back?
*greetings!*
We've been waiting for you since so long
dear, I am so sorry to hear about your mother's demise
I can't believe, it was a shock for me. What had happened to her all of a sudden?
she had a heart attack
oh! okay
she had a bypass too, actually she was already very unwell
dear, nobody can replace parents
but don't think yourself alone, all of us are with you
and then, a mother in law is also like a mother
am I right sister Shehla?
yes absolutely
I don't see any difference in Aima & Mahnoor, she is also my daughter
by the way, if you want... you can consider me as your mother too
you can come to meet me at my house anytime
thank you, aunty
thank you!...
I don't understand your mother in law, as if she wanted to adopt her
she didn't even looked at her to be daughter in law properly
she was being so kind to her
Aima! I am talking to you, not to the walls
she is such a weird woman
either she is trying to make a separate relation with Mahnoor
or maybe Mahnoor is doing some conspiracy which I don't know
mom, this mother son duo is quite weird
what's the bad quality in that guy? He is just like a diamond
and a diamond is also a stone
what was the need for you to give him my number?
he has made my life a living hell! Messages & calls at all times
and if I don't reply a bit then he starts complaining
do you know what was he saying to me? that I didn't gave him any attention
mom, how come I would have given him attention in the presence of a lot of people?
he is right, try to take care of your phone
nowadays girls don't spare their fiance
Aima listen, try to control him
this way he will stay under your control after marriage
the way Mahnoor has controlled Faraz
mom, what are you saying?
there should be understanding in a marriage, the way sister Mahnoor & brother Faraz have
controlling isn't called marriage
here comes her advice...
mom... come here quickly
what happen?
look at this
50 lacs!
wow!
oh my God! now this house is ours also these 50 lacs are ours
now I can leave Saqlain anytime
by the way, haven't we left such a filthy rich guy like Saqlain so easily?
but we have to get rid of him now
before he gets to know about the fake pregnancy
although I am enjoying a lot in making Saqlain a fool
what do you say? Shall we carry on with this game for some more time?
I mean, why shall we leave them so easily?
As it is...
how can I forget?
that I have to get Areeba divorced
I still remember, how this woman had ousted me from her house after insulting me so badly
I won't let them stay together anymore
Saqlain will live alone for life time
hey! this is Saqlain's car horn
let me go & check after keeping the bag
go, keep it safely
Ok, I am going from here
you! at this time?
why? Can't I come at this time?
No, I mean you had visited in the afternoon
and you visit only once
and sometimes you don't even visit
I will remove this complain of yours today
what do you mean?
I mean, I will stay with you for a few days
really!
are you serious? this is such a good thing
lets go
sister...
sister...
sister...
madam, he will break the windows
do one thing, call the police
what will we do after calling the police? The police is always involved with these robbers
how come we fight the police & robbers all alone?
let me call Saqlain
Saqlain, please don't disconnect the call. Some robbers are breaking our house windows
No, I promise you. Mahnoor won't say anything to you, she will apologize to you
if she won't do this, then I will break my relation with her & I will never meet her
please come, we are so scared
please come quickly
what's the matter, you seem quite happy
just like that
come
it is better to get rid of him as soon as possible
what if he humiliates me like Areeba
I have to think about it
Ramsha & sister Areeba aren't receiving my phone
whatsapp!
they have blocked me from watsapp too
they aren't understanding my point, they don't believe me!
how shall I tell them that I am getting worried for them
don't know in what condition they must be
Mahnoor has put such a big allegation on me
she has been crazy!
please forget that matter
its not so easy to forget it, Areeba
Mahnoor has blamed me that I have given poisonous medicines to aunty
I will give her poison?
who used to consider her as a mother
I had never missed my parents in her presence
and today, when she is not here then
I am feeling, as if once again I've lost my mother
you are so courageous
you have supported us & given us courage
Areeba, I don't have anymore courage
Mahnoor has made aunt's death a murder & put the entire blame on me
I'm shattered after listening to it
I will never forgive Mahnoor for this
She is always brain washing Ramsha
but...
I had never thought that she will say such a thing & will put this blame on you
I think its Faraz's conspiracy
No brother Saqlain, brother Faraz is such a nice person...
how can he do any conspiracy?
sister, tell him that when mom was unwell & after her death brother Faraz took very good care of us
how he had supported us
this is his game!
he has attacked from behind!
No...
what can be Faraz's motive? and why will Mahnoor come into his words?
his motive is clear
this house & aunt's shops and these properties
the shops are Ramsha's
and Mahnoor knows this very well
and this house...
this house belongs to all of us three sisters
Mahnoor will get her share after Ramsha's wedding
then why is she doing such cheap antics?
both of them want to take over everything!
by removing me from between, they want to snatch away the right of you guys
Faraz wasn't after Mahnoor for no reason
he is such a clever person!
from day one I had believed that he is after aunt's wealth
and you'll see...
when Faraz's motive will be completed then...
he will leave Mahnoor the same way he had left his first wife
in fact not just me but your entire neighborhood knows
that nobody can raise their hand on your wife in front of you, but you can oust her from the house
Faraz
yes mom
what happen, why you seem so lost?
No, I was just thinking about something
what are you thinking?
that...
when does a person's past leave him?
oh dear, one's past doesn't leave itself. One needs to get rid of it
by moving on or by forgetting
until past related matters will echo in the ears
how can one get rid of them?
people's words make us face the past somewhere like taunts...
oh dear...
people are habitual of talking rubbish
has anyone said something in your office?
No... nobody had said anything
then why are you worried?
why are you upset? Has Mahnoor said something?
No mom, Mahnoor has never talked to me on this topic
She isn't among those who add salt to one's wounds, instead she is the one consoling
Mahnoor doesn't care about whatever happened in my past
dear, even you had shown a lot of leniency towards her
its not an easy task to ignore your wife's related matters
mom, I won't hear a single word against Mahnoor
you also don't say any such thing about Mahnoor
otherwise, what will be the difference between you & those people who taunts & humiliates me?
shall I make tea for you?
No, I am fine
I know you are so worried
because of Ramsha & sister Areeba
but don't you worry at all
I will talk to them myself, I will try explaining them
there is no use of it
because they won't understand
brother Saqlain has brain washed Areeba
there is a possibility that brother Saqlain is innocent
I mean, the medicines can be fake or contaminated
look, Saqlain's behavior...
his misbehavior & fights with you, all of them are there but...
to take someone's life deliberately!
 I don't think so, its quite a big thing
Are you talking in brother Saqlain's favor?
you are supporting him?
No, I am just talking about logic
Besides, I don't have any personal enmity with Saqlain. Also, I will never want an innocent person to suffer
its the matter of one's great nature
however, no matter what not brother Saqlain did with you. To humiliate you & to insult you
he had taunted you so badly, also you were hurt
but you have never complained
you were saying the same thing to aunty as well, right?
I had heard it
you had said that you will never hide anything from me
then why you hid this matter?
actually...
She is a mother, & nothing can stay hidden from a mother's sight
and then
its easy to lessen your heart's burden with her
but it doesn't mean that I am not close to you, I am so close to you
I just thought that you are already so worried, then how can I shift my stress & burden on you
Besides, I've been listening to these taunts since years.
I'm habitual of listening to the negative things about me
do you know?
I've learnt one thing in my life
never think what does the people say
who you are, how you are... and what you are
only you know this
in this world...
no matter what we do, or try to make people happy
or to do everything as per people's choice
we can never do that