You have a lion's heart, my son.
There is no limit to your strength. You're still with her barren daughter.
Auntie Irham often asks me to marry. 
It isn't your fault that we don't have a child.
Hello...
I'm fine as well.
I visited the specialist you asked me to go to. But it seemed that they had no interest in my case.
If you have another specialist, then sent me their number.
Thank you. Yes, Saqlain is fine as well.
Mother is fine as well. She was unwell a few days ago.
Alright, take care. I'll be waiting, send me the number.
Farewell.
It seems to me that we are wasting our time.
Saqlain will not come under our control. Even though he's troubled by his wife, he will not leave her.
Till now you've been going according to yourself. If you had listened to me, then the tables would have surely turned.
If I had listened to you, he would have run away by now.
He'll run away after he uses you.
You'll be removed from his heart and his love for you will wear off. That would have happened by now if I wasn't here.
But now I'm not willing to take any risks. You'll do as I say...
then you'll see, he'll beg you to marry him.
Maybe Saqlain is here.
Go to your room and don't come outside. I don't even want to hear your voice.
Sit down, son.
Where is Fariya?
She went away with his uncle, who had just come from Nawabshah.
But you told me that they had disowned you. You told me that he took over everything and ousted you after your husband died.
Yes, my dear... greed can make one cruel...
He was blinded by that.
But now he has realized his mistake. He came here and apologized to me and Fariya.
And then he took Fariya with her.
How can Fariya leave without my permission?
We didn't get the chance to tell you. You don't know how he is...
He's very stubborn. He's decision is set in stone. He asked me to go with him as well.
But I stayed because I wanted to give you the keys to this house and thank you.
How dare you sent away Fariya without asking my permission?
I'm her mother, what are you saying? And he's her uncle, I don't need your permission to take any decision.
So you've forgotten all of my favors.
I remember all of your favors, and we will remember them for the rest of our lives.
Don't say such foolish things and ask her to come back.
She can't come back here.
Why not?
It's because her uncle has decided to make her his daughter-in-law.
The respect that he's giving her, you can't do that.
I'm her mother, I can't destroy her future.
What did you say to him? He has left!
He'll come back and this time he'll be back with a cleric.
He's calling me.
Don't you dare pick it up?
Do as I say, understand?
How come you're here so out of the blue? Why didn't mother come with you?
Can't I visit you out of the blue?
I didn't mean to say that...
Don't worry, I took permission from my mother and notified her that I was there.
Alright fine, did you eat anything?
I'm coming here straight from the university.
I am hungry.
No worries, I'll arrange something for you to eat.
I don't see auntie and brother Faraz anywhere.
Auntie is in the kitchen and brother Faraz is in our room.
And Mahir?
He still hasn't come back from university?
When does he come back?
There's no telling. Sometimes he comes at three, sometimes at four... and sometimes at five.
There is no timetable fixed for him. Are you taking care of mother?
I do, as much as I can. Now, give me something to eat.
Sit down. I'll do something.
Come here.
What's the matter?
Why is Mahnoor's sister here unannounced?
It's obvious, it's sister's home. She can come here anytime she wants.
One can't just visit one's sister's in-laws, whenever they feel like it.
If I had known I would have made something good for dinner.
What should I do?
I'll ask Faraz to order something.
If she eats vegetables for dinner, she'll go and tell her mother. She'll say that we weren't hospitable to her.
There are some kebabs in the freezer, fry them for her.
Mother, they are not like that, why are you worrying? I'll fry those kebabs.
Brother Faraz, the entire event yesterday was successful only because of you.
And I came here to thank you. I can't tell you how happy I am.
Yesterday was Mahnoor's day and nothing could have been greater than that. If you guys constantly thank me and make me feel like a stranger...
No brother Faraz, it's not like that.
Think of me as your brother, as I think of you as my sister.
Apart from that, if you ever need my help with anything you can ask me.
Okay, I should get going now.
At least eat something before you leave.
Have something to eat, then we'll drop you off and Mahnoor will meet her mother as well.
Right?
Sure, come on.
Thank you.
Greetings*
Will you have tea?
Sure.
How come you're here today? Everything alright?
I decided that you would come here after university, so I decided to meet you here.
You know how adventurous my life is... it's not boring like yours.
By the way, did you come here to meet me?
I want you to help me in my regular life, as you do in university.
What does that mean?
Make my life adventurous like yours.
Okay.
Mahir...
Yes, brother?
You were quite late today.
Yes, I had some extra classes. After the class, I sat down and discussed it with my friends and I lost track of time.
Really... we were going to drop off Ramsha home. It's getting late...
Okay...
But Ramsha, first eat something.
No, she's done. You've eaten, right?
Let's go...
Let's go...
After Faraz parks the car he'll come inside and meet mother.
Thank God you're here, I was about to call you.
Why are you so worried? Is mother alright?
Miss Sairah is not well. Check-in on her.
I think her blood pressure must have fallen.
I don't trust the medicine the doctor gave her.
I think we should take her to the doctor again.
Mother...
What happened to you?
Hey... Mahi, it's you!
What happened to you...
Nothing my dear... I just felt a little down.
Were you taking your medicine?
Yes...
I've taken my medicine, don't worry...
I'll take care of it. Ramsha, call brother Saqlain and ask him to book an appointment for mother with the doctor.
Sister... it was getting hard for mother to breathe as well.
What?
She has a breathing problem as well?
No... she only has blood pressure issues and for that she takes medicine.
This is the first time she is having issues breathing.
Yes... let's take her to the doctor.
My dear, you are worrying for no reason.
I'm fine... you'll go to the doctor for no reason.
Don't worry about me.
Faraz is right. We'll take you to the doctor.
Saqlain will take me tomorrow. Why are you bothering him? He came here to drop off Ramsha...
No one even asked him to sit or offered him tea.
We're only concerned for you right now. You require help right now.
Ramsha, did you talk to brother Saqlain?
He didn't pick up, as usual. I called sister Areeba and asked her to...
book an appointment with mother's consultant.
What would brother Saqlain have done? I'll take care of this.
Don't worry, you'll be fine.
I am fine.
Listen...
Ramsha called and told me that mother's blood pressure has spiked.
What should I do about that?
You, people, have a new problem every day!
I'm sorry... actually I'm stressed and I took out my anger on you.
What happened? Is everything alright?
No, it's not. Anyways, tell me what happened to auntie?
It must be the same blood pressure issue. Why doesn't she take her medicine on time? Ask Ramsha to give them to her on time.
She likes planning for others, but she can't take care of her mother!
She does, but today she was having trouble breathing as well.
What?
That's why she called. She wanted you to make an appointment with her consultant.
If you're busy, Mahnoor and Faraz are there. They'll take mother.
Who will they go to?
Firstly, her consultant doesn't meet anyone without an appointment and we won't get an appointment so quickly. If they want to take her just anywhere...
they can, but if something were to happen after that then I won't be responsible for it.
Make them understand... there's no need to do anything stupid... I'll see what can be done.
Sure...
If you were so worried, you could have stayed there as I asked you to.
No... I have work in the morning...
and we didn't tell auntie as well. What must she be thinking, after all, we only went home to drop off Ramsha.
That was nothing major. I would have talked to mother about it.
It's alright... I've asked Ramsha to take care of mother and sleep with her today. I told her to call me if something were to happen.
Auntie looked better to me. She talked to us for a while.
By God's good grace.
Indeed.
Greetings*
Please buy some flowers for your wife. 
How do you know that?
Because every girl likes them.
Give it to me then... I'll try and make my wife happy.
Wear it.
Thank you.
Why is Fariya's number off?
Why are you worried?
It's related to the business.
I've had a great loss today.
How's that?
Because of my lack of attention, I underestimated the situation.
Oh... what will you do now?
I'm thinking about that. There's no other option but...
But?
Other than investing money, deliver the consignment quickly and save me from that loss.
Then do that...
It's about the money...
It's an investment worth 20 million and it isn't possible to get that money from anywhere. The only option is for me to sell your shop and...
And that is not an option.
No, you're right. We can do that.
Sell the shop and save yourself from the loss.
What's with you? How can you do that? It's your property.
That's disappointing...
When has there ever been a difference between me and you?
You work hard day and night for my comfort.
You think of your family's pain as yours.
Then can't I drive away your worry?
Try and understand...
Enough... we won't argue about this. I always listen to you, don't I?
Now, you'll have to listen to me.
We'll think about that. How's auntie feeling now?
Shall we visit her?
It's late...
We'll go there tomorrow. Besides, I talked to Ramsha and she told me that she was fine.
That's good... I'll do something about the doctor's appointment first thing in the morning.
Will you make me tea? I have a headache.
Sure.
Mahir!
What is it?
Ramsha forgot her bag here in a hurry yesterday.
Why are you telling me? What should I do about it?
You never try to listen and understand.
You're going to university, give it to her there.
Keep it at the breakfast table, I'll grab it on my way out.
Why are you looking at me? Go on...
I'm not your servant. I'm running late for college. Don't order me around!
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Faraz, congrats to you too.
Thank you.
We brought sweetmeats for everyone.
Miss Mahnoor, we've arranged a lunch for you at work today. Just as a treat for your wedding.
And we'll be surely taking our treat as well.
Sure.
Shall we go back to work?
Sure.
You look perfectly well!
Yes, I'm better than before.
I don't know why Ramsha and Mahi get so worried.
You have no idea how worried Areeba was when I reached home yesterday. She's the one who told me that you were unwell.
I'm sure you're the one who must have exaggerated things to her. She has a weak heart, what if something had happened to her?
God forbid if something were to happen to her.
Thank God you're fine now. I've made an appointment for you with the doctor. It's after two weeks. It was very hard for me to get it.
Now you have to take your medicine on time.
Are you listening?
I remind her every day, but she forgets to take it. 
You have to sit with her and make her take them. Focus on your mother and forget about your other activities.
Sure...
Auntie, I have to go now. Take care of yourself.
Alright my dear, bless you.
Farewell*
Ramsha, escort him out.
Greetings*
What are you doing here?
Ramsha forgot her bag yesterday when she visited us at our home.
I forgot it there and I didn't remember it when I reached home.
Yes, you didn't come to university today as well.
So... I decided to give it to you here. I thought you might need to study the books left inside.
Sister Mahnoor told me not to because of mother's health.
That means that Mahnoor didn't send you here with that bag.
Pardon?
Even though she knows that Ramsha didn't go to university today.
No actually...
Thank you.
No need for that. I'll get going.
I don't want to see that guy in this house again.
This house only has a relationship with Faraz. It's not appropriate for him to come here.
Besides, because of Mahnoor, this house is defamed in the entire neighborhood.
Do you want to make it worse?
Don't be so casual at university as well. You go there to study...
you should focus on that. Take this... go inside and lock the door.
Come in.
I didn't ask for that coffee, did you order it for me?
Obviously... you've been working since morning and look how tired you are.
There have been back-to-back meetings since morning. I have to attend a board meeting...
and then after that, I have to take a look at this production sheet.
Transfer that production sheet to me and I'll work on it.
To you?
Sure that will give you time to relax before the meeting. You'll feel fresh after drinking that coffee.
Don't you trust that I can do this for you?
No, I've always trusted you. I transferred you the file. Now it's your responsibility.
Tell me, why didn't you have this coffee made for yourself?
I wasn't in the mood.
How did you know that I was in the mood for coffee right now?
Let that remain a secret. I can't share it.
How's your mother feeling? Did you call her?
I talked to her in the morning... she told me that she was fine.
Thank God.
Yes?
Okay.
There comes the call. They called all the managers to the conference room in five minutes.
Great! Please... your coffee...
Don't you think you've made matters worst? What if he backs off, or believes your lie?
If he does, we'll lose this house.
Don't you trust yourself?
You know how sly Saqlain is.
If he was that sly, he wouldn't have believed us so easily. We told him that we outcast from a landlord family from Nawabshah.
And he believed us immediately. He didn't even have us investigated.
What if he investigates us now?
You're taking your mother lightly.
I've hit the mark at the right time. He loves you...
and he is sick and tired of his wife. This is the right time to take advantage of it.
Look, he's calling again.
Pick it up.
Hello...
Why is Fariya's phone turned off? 
There must be signal issues there. Besides what will you gain from talking to her? I told you that she's getting married.
And I'm going there as well.
How can she marry anyone else?
I'm sure you must have forced her.
Call Fariya back, otherwise, it won't be good for her.
What should I say to call her back?
And why should I stop her from having a future? Does she not have a right to live a respectful life?
I'll give her that right.
What guarantee is there that the landlord will give her that right? He stole your right from you years ago!
It's possible that this must be some trick to steal your share...
Listen Saqlain...
I'm not in the mood to listen to anything. Call Fariya back immediately, and tell me when she comes back.
I'm ready to marry her.
Alright fine... then bring the cleric tomorrow. Fariya will be here tomorrow.
Alright.
The cleric is coming.
I really shouldn't have taken you lightly.
I told you.
Listen to me... don't take what brother Saqlain the wrong way.
It's how his nature is.
No, it's not like that. You have it wrong.
Ramsha!
I'll talk to you later.
Mother! Sister Salma bring water quickly!
Hello...
Sister Mahnoor?
She has left and you are?
I'm her sister... it's urgent, pass the phone to her.
She's in a board meeting and I can't take the phone inside...
give me your number... I'll...
Hello?
Brother Faraz... let me call him.
Hello... Ramsha?
Brother Faraz...
What is the matter? Why are you crying?
Mother has fallen unconscious. She's not getting up.
What?