you are not my boss!
if you have got so much power of your position then go to your room & write a complaint against me
and send it to the person whose dearest you are!
I will leave when my termination letter will come. I won't spare him before that!
I've to pay my brother's university fee next week for the entire semester
 that's why I've applied for a loan against my provident fund, so that I can pay off on monthly basis
this inflation has affected everyone so badly
no matter how expensive things we purchase
still we get bad stuff
now look at these rice
they are so bad, & they are getting sold in the price of gold
what an ordinary person will do in this situation!
mom
yes
look, the electricity bill is here
here it comes, how much is it?
check it
oh God! its quite a lot
there isn't any electricity or gas for an entire day & they have sent such a lengthy bill!
oh God... 
Ok keep it, I will ask Faraz to pay it once he comes back
Faraz
greetings!
greetings to you too! dear, is everything alright? you came back early today
yes, I was having some headache therefore I came early
I am going to my room, I will do some rest
its quite strange
no matter whatever happens, he never comes back early
and today he came back because of a headache
I pray that everything is fine
I think there is some other problem
what have I done!
I had gone mad! I have foolishly harm myself
what shall I do?
what shall I do now... 
Ramsha.. 
I have to do this as well. She cannot tidy up her room
whose phone is it
pick up the phone, Mahnoor
she has cut the call
pick up the phone, why aren't you picking it? You are getting Faraz's call
if you need privacy then I can go outside the room, its fine
what's with you? I don't need any kind of privacy to talk to my office colleague
I will talk to him if I want to
what happen, why are you being so angry?
is everything fine? I mean, did you had a fight with someone at office?
there isn't any such thing
is everything fine? I mean, why you are so upset & angry. Did you had a fight with someone at office?
there isn't any such thing
then?
Ramsha, look at the room's condition
you always keep your room untidy, either me or mom tidy up your room
you've grown up, show some wise attitude
sister, I have to use a lot of brain in my university & then we have to walk a lot & now you are giving such a big lecture
I won't give you any lecture
Okay fine, I will do it
Ok, shall I tell you something?
I've got 90% marks in my university's weekly assignment
really!
yes
its such a good thing
did you see, you had focused a bit of your studies & you have got such a good marks
forget everything & just focus on your studies only
there is no need to think about anything else. You'll see, you will get better marks than these
Okay
its such a good thing
brother Faraz
yes
what is the matter? Is everything alright?
yes, everything is alright
why?
you seem quite worried
even mom is so worried, how come you came so early today from your office?
I had told you that I am not feeling well
brother Faraz, you had never taken a day off even when you were so unwell. Then?
Ok tell me
I am your younger sister, you can share with me
Ok sit
what have you done!
I don't believe it that you can pick a fight with someone
I know, even I don't understand. How come I had become so numb at that time
if you had to reply back to their misbehavior, then you could have register a complain
and then you had a fight with your senior officer
what if she did a complain against you? You will lose your job
call her. Ask her to forgive you & end this matter
I tried calling her, but she isn't responding
Ok, but you'll go to the office tomorrow right?
talk to her then. Maybe she forgives you after listening to the situation
can you please bring tea for me
please don't worry
thanks
Ok fine, we'll discuss it tomorrow
listen!
I'll talk to you later
I've found it from your coat's pocket
yes so?
they are for whom?
they seem quite expensive
I've been trying to give you a surprise since so many days
Besides, for whom I buy the jewelry except for you?
last evening, I was stuck in a few matters so... 
I didn't remember that its in my coat's pocket
what is worrying you?
you don't forget anything ever
yes, I am worried
I had told you that today I had gone to Mahnoor's office to talk to her about your mother's house construction
what happen then? did she agree?
don't know whether she will agree or not, because we cannot force her for anything
Besides, its her amount so its her choice if she wants to give it or not
but... the matter couldn't be discussed completely. There was a new issue in her office
issue?
which issue?
that guy Faraz
he was fighting with his office colleague
Mahnoor tried to stop him, and he started misbehaving with her
what!
he had misbehaved with Mahnoor?
but Mahnoor was telling me the guy is her junior & works with her
this is what I am amazed about, also I am worried too
why are you worried?
Areeba, I haven't heard good things about that guy
I have heard that once the police has arrested that guy from his office
means that guy is a hooligan too
yes! I got some investigation done
I have got to know that his neighbors doesn't like him & his family
I fear, what if Mahnoor takes any action in anger against him in the office then.. 
even I am worried now
see, such a big issue has arise
I never wanted Mahnoor to do the job, but No!
look, we have to face such a big problem now
yes, the matter is worrisome
but don't you worry, I'm here, nobody can harm Mahnoor until I am here
before that guy does something wrong
let me do his arrangements
tell me, how do you find them?
yes, they are very nice
wear them & show it to me
yes
suits you! actually made for you
thank you!
let me show you by wearing both of them
yes, go
maam, I apologize to you
I shouldn't have talked to you in that tone
don't know what had happened to me, either I had gone insane or... 
maybe I had lost my control
how to control your anger
how to handle your personal issues, you were lecturing me on it Right?
if you had heard them talking about something inappropriate, then can't you handle this matter gracefully?
how can a person handle their insult gracefully for so many times?
I've been listening to their taunts for more than a year, and I've always been ignoring it
I know that I am such a big looser
my personal & professional life is a proof of unsuccessful things
people get an idea about my class by looking at me
but now if anyone will say classless to me on my face
and shall insult me, so I should handle it gracefully too?
look, I am quite ashamed of what Ashir & brother Saqlain had said
its just because they are seeing you with me & that's why
maam, I know it very well that not just you but I am not capable for any girl. Thank you!
Mr. Faraz, neither you are a loser nor you have any quality missing in your personality
you are such an intelligent, decent & a wise person
and I've got an idea about it while working with you for the past few months
are you saying it to appease me, or is this the truth?
whenever you praise me & my work
what does it mean, that you are saying it to appease me?
I have never praised you falsely. In fact I have never done any such thing
maam, you are so intelligent
I have always respected you with the bottom of my heart
not just because
you hold a higher position than me
then accept it
that whatever I had said to you, I mean it
that's why I haven't done your complaint to the boss
both of the guys are given a warning
because I know it very well, how important his job is for you
and I don't want to become the reason of your worries
anyways, we have wasted enough of the time. I think we should focus on the work now
of-course!
thank you!
mom
yes
give this cheque to brother Saqlain
he was saying that the house needs a lot of renovation, it will be rebuild as its condition is too bad
really! So, why did he ask you for the money? Why he didn't ask me?
because maybe he knows that you don't have enough amount
the house will be demolished, and the expense will be almost 60 to 70 lacs
dear, this the amount of your share of inheritance right?
mom, how many times I have told you not to talk about share of inheritance. I don't want anything at all!
whatever is there is yours, I just need your prayers
dear, how can you think that I don't pray for you
I always keep on praying for the three of you
Mahi... 
listen to me
what?
get married
mom, not again! Just now I came back from office & you've started the same discussion
that's why I am saying that you don't need to wander around once you get married
you know, I am not doing this job because we are in need
after marriage, to take care of the house, husband & children responsibilities
a woman wants to rule on her house
I mean, does a woman have this character only?
I think, women who works & do business they can also run the house
look at sister Salma, she works here for an entire day. Then she goes to her house & look after her kids
what's with you, why are you doing your comparison with Salma?
she is helpless and earning because her husband doesn't earns
sister Salma is also a woman like us
I am just trying to say that instead of begging in front of her family or strangers, to which thing she had given preference?
that she has become independent by doing hard work. She has become her own support
I also want to become independent & do something on my own
and what was decided in between us? Don't you remember?
I will get married, give me some time. Let me do the job first, I want to achieve something
after that, I will marry whoever you will ask me to. I promise
Ok, I am going to make coffee for myself. Would you like to drink some?
yes I will
Ok, let me bring it right away
Mr. Faraz, neither you are a loser nor you have any quality missing in your personality
you are such an intelligent, decent & a wise person
and I've got an idea about it while working with you for the past few months
the room of this prince charming is always so untidy
my entire day gets wasted in tidying it
are you done with cleaning?
mom, look at this
what is it? I won't be able to read it without my spectacles
mom, this is Maheer's scholarship certificate
it means, his entire semester's fee is waived off
really?
All praise to God, did you see?
my son is so intelligent & wise that he got a scholarship
check the date on it, its one month old
Maheer has already taken this amount from brother Faraz
it means that he...
it means that Maheer had lied to brother Faraz & took the money. Also he hid this scholarship too
oh Maheer...
let him come, let me fix him
oh God! he took almost 2.5 lac rupees
he could have given it to me
I would have bought a new fridge & an AC
or else, I would have bought some jewelry for you from that money
mom, its so bad. Brother Faraz will be so hurt, if he gets to know about it
Ok, now don't tell the entire story to Faraz
how many times I have told you not to tell every matter to him, keep a few things to yourself
what do you mean? I shouldn't tell brother Faraz that Maheer had lied to him about the money
be quiet! and end this matter
I will explain Maheer not to do this again
yes Mola Baksh, did he open his mouth?
No sir
open the gate, you'll see how quickly he will tell everything
yes, Mr. Saqlain?
I have got a small work for you. There is guy namely Faraz
he works in my sister in law's office, he is harassing her. I want you to register an FIR against him
he was threatening her in front of me
but why you sister in law is not coming in person to register this complain?
Inspector look, we don't find it appropriate that women of our house shall visit the police station. So this is the only reason 
I mean, if she would have come to register the complain of harassment then we could have taken a big action
Inspector look, she is my younger sister & my responsibility
and because of that guy people are doing weird gossips in the neighborhood & office
he wants to defame my sister in any way
please register an FIR against him
because her security & respect is my personal concern
Ok, don't worry. I am registering your complain
thank you so much!
didn't you feel ashamed while spending the fee amount so casually?
and that too in such a situation when we have got a lot of problems at home
mom, as it is you had to give me that fee amount
and I've earned the scholarship with my hard work. It doesn't mean that you don't give me the fee amount
So, you do care about us?
poor Faraz got you a bike with such a difficulty
and paid your fee
he got your admission by taking a loan
if you had earned the scholarship with your hard work
then didn't you think about your brother a bit, that you shall reduce his burden
just think, when he will get to know
that you haven't told the truth, how hurt he will be
what is the problem!
you signify your favor on me for everything
tell me, have you done a favor on me by giving birth to me?
No, no... it is you who did favor on me
give me the money, where is it? Return it to me
I don't have them, besides I have spent them
what!
what do you mean that you've spent them? Where you have spent such a big amount?
I go to the university, I have got a lot of expenses
should I stay like a beggar in front of my friends? No, right?
Besides, I had gone for an outing so I have spent the entire amount on my friends
oh God! you've spent such a big amount on your friends
there is a limit of everything!
greetings mom!
greetings to you too!
what happen, why are you scolding him?
No dear, I am not scolding him but cursing my fate
I had sent this fool with a 5000 rupee note to buy a few things
and he lost it
why are you standing here? Now get lost
mom
loss happens
its alright! he wouldn't have lost them deliberately
Ok, where is Aima?
she had called & asked me to bring Samosa. I have brought another snack along with Samosa
stay blessed my son, may God bless you with a lot of success
may you always take care of your younger siblings in the same manner
oh God...
Sir, this madam will tell you about Mr. Faraz
yes sir
where is Faraz Ahmed?
Mr. Faraz is inside the boss room
call him immediately
yes, there he is.
Mr. Faraz, they are here to meet you
yes
so, you are Mr. Faraz
yes, I am Faraz Ahmed
in what regards you want to meet me?
we have received a complaint against you for harassment
the girl's family has filed an FIR against you
what are you saying? I have never harassed anyone
what is the name of the person who has registered a complain against me
I mean, I am sure you are having a misunderstanding
she is your boss, Ms, Mahnoor
you have threatened her, you follow her
you are defaming her
lets go to the police station, you'll get to know everything over there
Mola Baksh
yes sir
arrest him!
hey Mr. Faraz, at least give me the file
but I haven't done any such thing
ma'am, he was saying that your relatives...
relatives!
who else can do such a disgusting act except for brother Saqlain
Okay you may leave
yes
and listen
you will not talk to anyone about it in the office, nor you will tell anyone about it. Ok?
but ma'am, everyone would have got to know about it as of yet
the police came in the office & took away Mr. Faraz with them
the security guard must have told this to boss directly
sister Areeba, where are you?
sister Areeba
where has she gone
sister Areeba
Mahnoor! you are here at this hour!
where is brother Saqlain?
usually he is in his office at this time, but you...
he isn't in his office, I am coming from there
he isn't picking up my call as well. Please call him once & make me talk to him
is everything alright? You look worried
nothing is alright. 
Do you remember my office colleague Faraz?
somebody has done a harassment case on him, that he is harassing me
what do you mean?
I mean, the police has arrested him
they were saying that either me or my family has done a case on him
I just want to confirm, whether brother Saqlain did it
and I think, now he is not picking up my call deliberately
please talk to him once, ask him to go to the police station with me & take back the complaint
why should he take back the complain?
and he did the right thing!
its a good thing that the police shall treat him for a few days
Saqlain was so worried, how that guy was threatening you so openly!
God forbid if something bad would have happened with you, then?
sister Areeba please! are you in your senses? Do you know for whom you are saying this?
Faraz is not that kind of a person
neither he has threatened me ever nor he is harassing me
talk to brother Saqlain, at least ask him in which police station Faraz is
I will go & take back the complain
Mahnoor, sometimes I don't understand you
you don't consider any relationship with that guy
and on the other hand you are getting so restless for him, why!
you always take every matter in the wrong direction
that poor guy is innocent, he is in the jail for the crime he had never committed
and not only he will be defamed in it, but I will also be defamed
I will lose my respect in the office, I can also lose my job
just think, how much I will be insulted
please sister, talk to brother Saqlain for my sake. Ask him
please call him
he isn't responding
what shall I do then?
Ok come inside, sit for a while. Let me serve you some tea
I am leaving
Mahnoor...
so much of restlessness
anyways, I like your yearning for him
tonight he will stay in the police station & tomorrow when he will come out then...
for now, let me make an arrangement to proceed this matter further
yes Aneeka, any update?
No man, I've already checked 3 to 4 police stations which cover our area
I am not getting any information at all
the entire matter would have been solved if I could talk to brother Saqlain once
he isn't receiving my call
keep updating me, whatever you get to know please update me
I don't want Faraz to spend his night in the jail today
and that too for the crime he hasn't done
please, do let me know if you get to know anything. Thank you!
Inspector, please believe me I haven't threatened her
neither I have harassed her ever, you must be having a misunderstanding
this is what you are saying
Mahnoor's family has filed a report & we are taking an action accordingly
do you know, a very big legal action can be done against you for harassing a female office colleague
She is lying, also her family is lying. I am innocent
Sir, do one thing. Call her here & ask her to tell us that when have I harassed her or threatened her
when Mahnoor's brother in law had filed the report, he had told us that Mahnoor will not come to the police station
anyways, now you'll meet her in the court so you can tell your complaints
let us do our work
go inside, tonight you are our guest
look, you cannot keep me here forcefully
at least, let me make a call. My family must be worried for me
and remember, I've got a complete right to do my personal lawyer
you know your legal rights very well
but you don't know
that harassing a woman is such a heinous crime
Mola Baksh
yes sir
put him in the lock up
one thing is decided
I will ask Faraz not to pay your next year fee
what are you saying?
how will I pay the fee if I don't get the scholarship next year?
you will arrange it yourself
or else, you'll pay your fee from the amount you took this year by lying
mom, I've told you already that I have spent most of the money from it
no matter from where you arrange it. I will not give you a single penny
I am thinking about Aima's marriage, also I have a suitor
I just pray that Faraz agrees, then I will wed her off immediately
this amount will be helpful in her marriage, and what about you!
you can go and spend the money once again on your friends
in order to show off!
you are always after the money...
Why Faraz is taking so long! why he hasn't come as of yet?
Aima... call Faraz
what shall I do?
yes, did you talk to Faraz?
mom, I had called but his number is switched off
you should have called his office then, its 8 PM and he hasn't come back as of yet
he always call to inform whenever he gets late
mom, I had called at his office but there was a security guard & he told me that...
what did he say? Tell me, why are you adamant to stop my heart?
mom, the police has arrested brother Faraz
what!
what rubbish you are talking!
why will the police arrest Faraz?
he is my innocent son, what has he done?
call him again, he must be lying
in fact, I'll talk to him myself. Call him
I will talk to him myself
give it to me
hello brother, this is Faraz's mother speaking
what!
No but...
what is this!
oh God! how come we are facing such a big problem all of a sudden?
Maheer....
Maheer
what happen mom, why are you shouting?
the police has arrested Faraz
what! the police has arrested brother Faraz! but why?
how would I know?
don't know what rubbish the guard was uttering
Maheer listen to me, go & bring your brother back home
my son has never done anything bad with anyone then why the police took him?
where will I search for him now? in which police station?
will you keep on arguing with me? Don't waste the time
explain her! where will I search for brother Faraz?
they wouldn't have taken him on the moon, he must be in the same city
go & find out. You'll get to know about my son
Maheer, you can at least go & check
Okay, I am going
why are you getting worried? Come here
where has my son gone!
please sit here
don't know where they have taken my son
don't worry, let me go & see where he is
take care of her
don't know where they have taken my son
mom, please don't cry
God willing, nothing will happen to brother Faraz. He will come back soon
God willing, my son will come back
mom, I couldn't even think that brother Saqlain can stoop so low to degrade me
that he had put a false allegation on an innocent person without any reason
dear, Saqlain wanted your betterment
my betterment! he can never think about doing any of my betterment
he did all of this to degrade me, however this matter didn't had any logic
why did he put a blame on Faraz? Just because he used to help me
but sister Areeba was saying that he had a fight with you in the office & that too in front of brother Saqlain
but that was official matter
the official matter should have ended there & then.
What was the need to put a blame on him & to file a complain the police?
and now see, he isn't responding my call
why are you getting worried?
if he is innocent, then you don't need to worry
he will come out himself
what do you think? Shouldn't I be worried about Faraz?
all of this is happening to him because of me
it is almost night time & we don't know in which police station he is in
and his family! what is their fault? They must be worried without any reason
even they wouldn't be knowing that where is he
I can understand
No mom, you cannot understand that how bad the the situation can be
what do you think? Only Faraz will be defamed in this matter?
my name will be taken as well
I have to answer in front of the management that why did I put such a false blame on him
everyone will joke about me, I have to answer everyone's questions
Maheer, did you get any update about brother Faraz?
how can we get to know so easily?
did you check at the police station or not?
yes, I had gone to the police station nearby his office
but brother Faraz wasn't there