Hello... Ramsha?
Brother Faraz...
What is the matter? Why are you crying?
Mother has fallen unconscious and she's not waking up.
What?
I tried calling sister Mahnoor and brother Saqlain...
but I couldn't reach either of them. Please help me.
Yes... Mahnoor is in a meeting right now. Try waking up your mother somehow.
I'm leaving right now.
Alright, farewell.
Basit please pack my stuff and meet me in the parking.
Listen... I'm leaving because of something. Ask miss Mahnoor to call me as soon as her meeting ends.
Sure, alright.
Be sure to give my message to her.
Don't worry.
How is she now doctor?
She has woken up, but we need to keep her under observation.
Why did this happen?
She fell unconscious because oxygen wasn't reaching her brain. Has this happened to her before?
No... this has never happened before.
This is the first time that this has happened.
She's been having trouble breathing these past few days.
I've written some tests. Let's see what they tell us.
What kind of tests are they?
They are routine tests, related to this condition.
You can go to accounts, there you'll find the rest of the details.
Yes, thank you.
Call Mahnoor.
I'll go and pay for it
Sure.
Faraz... what happened to mother?
What happened to her? Why aren't you telling me?
She fell unconscious.
You were in a meeting, Ramsha called me here.
How's she feeling? Is she fine?
She's fine, she has regained consciousness.
I want to meet mother right now. Where is she?
You can't right now, they've taken her for some tests.
Please don't worry, God will make everything better. Ramsha don't worry so much, you're worrying Mahnoor as well.
How's mother?
She's fine now.
But Ramsha was saying...
You told everyone, but me. Couldn't you have informed me?
You're the first one that I called.
You didn't pick up my calls, thank God that brother Faraz picked up and he brought mother here.
Thank you Faraz. If you weren't here, Lord knows what must have happened.
It's nothing like that. If I weren't here, God must have made someone else a vessel.
Right now, all of you should pray that auntie's tests go well.
I'll go and talk to the doctor.
You know she is a cholesterol patient and that's why she has trouble breathing. There is a blockage in the blood vessels.
We have to see the intensity of the blockage. We need to see if we can clear with medicine, or we need to do a bypass.
When will the reports be back?
They will come tomorrow and we will check it in the system as well.
Can you see any situation where we might need to admit her?
If there isn't any emergency you can take her home. I've stopped one of her medicine, because it wasn't suiting her.
As per Dr. Idree's instructions, I discontinued that medicine.
Good... according to new reports, that medicine causes a blockage and we cannot give that medicine to patients who have cholesterol.
Sure, thank you.
I have a friend who works here. I talked to him, but he's not on duty right now.
But he said that he'll talk to doctors.
Brother Saqlain...
What did the doctors say?
She didn't say anything. But she's out of danger.
The rest she'll discuss when the reports come back. Maybe she'll be discharged shortly.
Let's stay here for now.
How can we go right now?
Let me meet my mother and see if she's feeling well or not.
Mahnoor, there's no need to create a rush in the hospital
You guys can go home, I'll have her discharged and bring her home. You can meet her there.
At least let mother's reports come back.
They will be back tomorrow, shall we stay here until tomorrow?
But the doctors said that they would be back in a couple of hours.
The reports will be back tomorrow. The rest is up to you. If all of you want to stay here, then please do.
I think I should leave. Since everyone is here, I am no needed here.
He's right. Take Ramsha home.
Saqlain and I will stay with mother.
We'll come back home with her.
Shall we?
Let's go.
It's very late, isn't it?
Neither Mahnoor, or Faraz has come back from work. Don't the offices close by now?
Mother, they must be busy. They went to work after a long time, I'm sure that there must be a lot of work load.
It is possible that they went out somewhere.
If it were like that brother Faraz would have told you.
Yes, Mahnoor told me that she'll make dinner and that I shouldn't do anything.
Like she would do any sort of work in the house.
She has no set time of coming back.
Mother if she said that out of respect, then you could have lovingly refused.
She comes home tired from work, should she come back home and work?
Then she should leave her job and stay at home.
It's the woman's job to take care of home. Women who work..
cannot take care of their homes.
Should she compromise her career to do some household chores?
You've been talking a lot lately.
No mother, I was just trying to make you understand.
Have you grown so much that you can make me understand?
I was just saying...
Don't say anything... go to the kitchen, take you sister-in-law's place. Knead the dough and do the dishes.
Lord knows where the two of them. Couldn't they have called and eased my worry?
Faraz my dear... why aren't you two home yet?
Where are you?
There was an emergency.
May God have mercy... are you alright my son?
Yes I am..
Actually... Mahnoor's mother got severely unwell
She fell unconscious.
May God have mercy, how is she feeling now?
She's better now... she's been discharged and on her way home.
My dear, when will you two be back home?
It will take some time, you should go ahead and eat.
Don't wait for us.
God willing, I'll talk to you when I come back.
Take care of yourself my dear.
Something new has started now.
They've gotten a servant for free.
Mother, are you alright?
Yes, I am.
I worried you all today.
All we're worried about is your health.
Brother Saqlain, what did the doctors tell you?
Did they find anything in the reports?
They checked the reports and there is nothing to worry about.
But the doctor's opinion is different. The doctor said that the reason that the reason she fell unconscious is because oxygen wasn't reaching her brain.
Her arteries are blocked, as you're already aware of. The doctors checked everything and added new medicine.
They've also asked to continue the medicine she was taking. As far as what you guys need to be cautious about, Areeba will tell you about that.
There was a person in our neighborhood who only lived for two years after their bypass.
Greetings mother.
You're still sitting here... why haven't you slept?
Greetings to you too... how's sister Sarah feeling now?
She's better and now she's home.
Thank God... was it something very bad?
It doesn't seem like it, but I think she's in pain.
Did you eat anything? Where's Mahnoor? Did she not come with you?
I'm not hungry and I don't feel like it.
Mahnoor has stayed with her mother today. She was very worried.
There should be a limit to one's irresponsibility. Her husband has tired himself tending to her mother all day...
and she didn't even feed you.
Mother, she was very worried.
She hasn't eaten anything since morning, there was a lot of work to do at the office. We had a lunch today at work as well..
but we had to come to the hospital.
Still, she should have been worried about you.
One has to take care of their in-laws home, not just their own.
She stayed of her own accord, she didn't even ask me.
Mother, I told you that she was very worried because of her mother.
Enough... don't defend your wife too much. I don't want to say anything that might hurt you.
I won't defend her, alright?
Now please improve your mood.
Mother...
Do you have money?
Yes, I do. You just gave it to me for the expenses.
Not that... what happened about your committee money, did you get it?
Yes, I got it this morning.
Could you loan me some money from it?
Why do you need money so out of the blue?
I took a loan from a friend and I need to return it. I'll return it to you in a week.
I'm very tired, I'm going to rest. You should rest as well.
Has mother fallen asleep?
Yes, she has. You should sleep as well.
I can't sleep. As soon as I close my eyes...
Don't think like that.
Nothing will happen to her, right?
Mother is fine right now.
I think I should take mother's reports to a different doctor. We should take a second opinion.
Faraz was telling me that he had a friend. We can use his reference to show it to another doctor.
Brother Faraz came here like an angel. He called the ambulance and took here away immediately.
The ambulance came here even though he hadn't reached here.
I'm so stupid...
that it didn't occur to me that I could have called the ambulance as well.
It's alright.
Shall I say something to you? I told you once that I don't you and brother Faraz as a couple.
I was completely wrong. A loyal and sincere man like brother Faraz suits you.
The way he helped me today, made me forget your absence.
It's very late, go to sleep.
Lay down.
Hello...
Were you sleeping?
No... why are you still up? Is everything alright?
Mother is fine.
Did you eat anything?
Yes, and you?
I did... was auntie saying something?
No.
She was worried, she was asking about your mother.
Something very bad was avoided because of you today. Lord knows what might have happened if you weren't there.
Ramsha is so naive that...
she didn't know what she needed to do.
Worrying what might have happened if I weren't there...
What would have happened if I weren't in your life?
In the beginning I didn't feel any special change...
but now I feel your importance.
You have all the good habits that a life companion should have.
That is something that Ramsha told me today.
It makes me happy to hear that. I also wonder what must have happened if you weren't in my life.
These are papers for your nine objections and think that we've found a buyer as well.
They are willing to offer that price.
Good...
What I don't understand is, why are you selling these two shops?
You get good rent from it and rates of property are rising as well.
I think if you keep it for some years... you can make tens of millions by selling it.
And in a few years it's price will go sky high.
But till then the currency will devalue as well. Besides I need the money right now.
Are you leaving the country?
Why would I leave the country? What will I do leaving the country?
Do one thing, announce the sale of auntie's house as well.
What? Do you intend on selling that as well?
What are your intentions?
What do you think?
It seems dangerous to me.
I have something to take care of, until then you can it here and take guesses.
He's become a leech that will make them homeless.
Anyways, what do I care?
It's not like they are my relatives.
Is Fariya back?
She's in her room.
Let's start the wedding ceremony.
I need to talk to you first.
What do you need to talk about now?
I want to talk about the marriage ceremony. I want to discuss some matters with you.
Alright, let's talk then.
Yes... what do you want to discuss right now?
Saqlain, you might be marrying Fariya, but you didn't tell me the amount of the dower.
How much do you want?
You know Fariya turned away millions for you. If she had married her uncle's son, she would have been an owner to a bungalow.
You want me to give millions as a dower?
No millions... but it should be at least fifty lacs.
And transfer this house to Fariya.
Are you insane?
For the past few years you two have been living here and can continue doing so. What difference does it make if this house is in my name or Fariya's?
It does make a difference. You haven't divorced Areeba and you are marrying Fariya in secret.
In front of the world Areeba is your wife and she has a right over everything you own.
Listen, don't take anything I say the wrong way..
It's not like that I don't trust you. I just want security for my daughter.
Alright.
You and Fariya will get fifty lacs as security...
And this house as well...
Anything else?
I'll check in on Fariya.
What happened? Show it to me!
This is very deep... I need to bandage it... get up!
Keep an eye on the stove.
Greetings auntie.
Greetings to you too. How's your mother feeling now?
Thank God it's better than before.
Thank God. May God give her health.
Amen.
If something like that happens you should notify your home as well.
Faraz called you, otherwise I...
Otherwise you wouldn't have looked back.
Do you only have a relationship with Faraz? Do you have no association with me or this home?
It's not like that... mother was so unwell that I forgot everything.
My dear, you should have been mindful.
There are bigger tests that will come in life... one should be brave and strong.
Look at Faraz, he tended to your mother all day. He didn't eat anything as well... he fell asleep on an empty stomach.
Even though I offered him food.
Don't worry about us, but you should take care of your husband. He's your responsibility.
His right is greater than your mother and sister.
Auntie, I talked to him at night, he said that he had eaten.
Instead of asking, you should have fed him before sending him away.
He won't say anything. You know how he is... he doesn't say a work, no matter how much pain he is in.
Yes... I will take care of this in the future. You will not get a chance to complain in the future.
Bless you my dear. I talk to you because you understand what I say. Please don't take anything I say in the wrong way.
Sure.
Listen... wait...
Faraz asked me for some money last night. Please give this to him.
He said that he had to return a loan to a friend.
Do you have any complaints against me now?
Who said that I have complaints against you?
You had, that's why you left me... I have forgotten everything...
you should too.
You now must have realized that I can do anything for you.
I'm being repaid for my pure love.
From now on I have a right over you.
All the lights in the house are open.
No one closes them. The bill be hefty this month.
Mahir..
Yes mother?
Why haven't you slept yet?
I can't seem to fall asleep.
What's your problem? Why do you stay up like an owl?
I was just going to sleep.
What's in your hand, what are you hiding?
Nothing... what would I hide from you?
Mahir show me... I saw you hiding something.
It's nothing!
Show it to me!
Cigarette?
Since when?
Since a few days ago.
Have some shame! Faraz is so many years older than you...
till this day he hasn't touched it.
Please don't compare me to brother Faraz. I am what I am. Why do you expect me to be like someone else.
Lower your voice when you talk to me.
I'll slap you if you say one more word. Why would you become like Faraz... you would like to become like you juvenile friend.
Mahir... their fathers have money, they can do whatever they want with it.
But you don't have a father. You are in indebted to your brother's favors.
He taking loans from his friends to make ends meet for him and his wife.
And, why did you need the money? To buy cigarettes?
You didn't give it to me, right?
Give me my cigarettes!
Back off you ill-mannered man!
I will burn these... don't you dare buy cigarettes again!
You're still up? Why haven't you slept?
I felt like sitting with you.
I was offering some prayers before I go to sleep.
Sit down... why are you making yourself restless? Go and rest.
I felt anxious in my room, that's why I came here.
Maybe it's because I can't sleep in another bed.
Why don't you go home?
Why are you making yourself restless for me? I'm fine, don't worry yourself for me.
No mother... I'm not restless. I told Mahnoor that I'll stay with you today.
Besides... I'm at home alone.
Saqlain is in Hyderabad, he'll come back tomorrow.
Really? What is the matter? You don't seem well... are you feeling well?
Yes...
I don't understand what has happened to me...
It seems...
that something bad is about to happen.
God forbid, what are you saying?
Come here to me... come my dear.
Don't say such things...
Nothing bad will happen.