Mahir, listen to me.
What's your problem? Why are you following me?
What's the matter with you? I didn't say anything to you, why are you talking to me like that?
Mahir, listen to me.
If I hadn't gone to your home with you that day, then sister Mahnoor wouldn't have seen me.
That's why I'm asking you to stay away from me.
And live your life according to your family. I've never heard someone say so much to me like your sister did that day.
Listen to me. What's wrong with you? I didn't say a word to you, then why are you doing this to me?
What did she want to tell you? That you can't live that lifestyle with me.
Am I a thug?
Ramsha remember one thing. You are the one who followed me. You are the one who initiated our friendship.
You know what, a girl like you isn't of my standard.
Hi Mahir...
Oh hi
What happened? Why are you fighting with her?
My mood got ruined because of an idiot. Anyways, how are you?
What's going on?
My dad gifted me a car, I wanted to take it out on a drive with you.
Sure... why not? Come on.
People like you can never let their sisters be happy.
You tried doing the same thing with sister Areeba. You tried so many times to destroy her home.
Thank God that mother was there to control you.
Otherwise, you would have destroyed sister's home.
What's the matter with you?
Where are you taking things?
I'm right.
You praise brother Faraz a lot. But now, when it has come to his brother, you don't think he's a nice guy. Why?
Because I like her.
Lower your voice, mother will hear.
He has ended our friendship as well.
That's great.
I wanted that man to go far away from you.
He insulted me in front of his friends.
He said bad things to me. I will never forgive you and I will never talk to you.
Never... get out of my way!
Ramsha!
What's wrong with her? Why was she crying?
It's nothing. A few of her friends are going on a field trip...
she was asking me to talk to mother to give her permission.
I refused, that's why she's upset.
She's gone insane.
Does she think that she'll put forth any demand and we'll accept it? Before she takes mother's permission, she'll need to take Saqlain's permission.
You know that he'll not let her go on any trip.
Anyways, forget her. She'll be fine after a while. She's angry right now.
Let's go to the doctor. Get ready.
I came from home because mother specifically asked me if I'll need to go to the doctor with you.
We're going to the doctor's.
Pray that this doctor has a treatment for me.
God willing everything will be fine.
Let's go.
Fariya, how much more will I have to wait?
You told me that you will decide on this case fast and take a divorce.
How much more time will you take?
Ramiz, I'm not wasting time.
I'm just waiting for the right time.
When will that right time come?
As soon as you take a divorce, the sooner we'll marry.
If Saqlain finds out about us...
then he will never let me go so easily.
He has a lot of money...
you have nothing. How will you compete with him?
What if he decides to put a halt to things? The lawyer fees alone...
How will we manage all this?
Saqlain has caused me much pain and in return, I want to give him so much pain...
that he remembers it for the rest of his life.
How will you do that?
You're the one who told me that he's very powerful.
Every powerful man has his weakness.
And Saqlain's weakness is his money.
This is the money that he's looting from his wife and her family. I want to steal that money from him.
Ramiz... I'm not being greedy. If I were I would have been living happily with him.
You think all of this is very easy. He's a smart man, and on top of that, he knows how to trap people.
There's no point in fighting a case like that, he won't give you a thing.
We'll have to compel him to do this.
And if I take a divorce from him...
then he will steal my dower from me. How will we live then?
What will we have to do then?
We'll have to wait and you'll have to listen to me.
Understand?
I will listen to everything you say Fariya...
Just rid yourself of Saqlain...
We'll leave this country and we'll lead a good life.
Fariya... Saqlain is outside... he's standing outside.
Do one thing.... stay in your room, don't come out. You too.
I'll handle Saqlain downstairs. Lock the door.
What happened to you? Why are you limping?
I was on my way to open the door for you...
Coming out from the lounge I crashed into the side of the table.
My foot is in pain.
I hope it hasn't fractured. Let me take you to the doctor.
Take me to the hospital.
Where's your mother?
She went out to get groceries.
Come on... be careful.
Be careful.
All of your reports are old. None of them are new.
You have to get new tests done.
We need your husband's reports as well, only then we can move forward.
Doctor...
is there any chance?
We're not considering these reports.
According to them, there is not much home. But no matter how advanced science gets...
there is always a limit to it. And where that limit ends, starts the mercy of God.
These past few years you have been treated in a basic manner.
We'll take a new test and move forward. God willing, we'll be successful.
My God, she's late.
I think they would have left by now.
Alright, I'll get going then.
Where are you going? Saqlain might be still there.
Let me check, and then I'll let you know.
They have left, and the field is clear. Go ahead.
Fariya will have us all killed. She calls him here every day.
I think she's alright. There's no need for an X-ray because there is no swelling on her ankle.
She's in a lot of pain. Have her X-ray done, just as a precaution.
I'll have her X-ray done because you're insisting upon it. But I'm sure that it's nothing.
At the very most it's a sprain. The painkiller will fix it, and on top of that, we've given her an injection.
Alright, as you wish.
Staff, take her to the x-ray room.
No, it's alright.
Are you still in pain?
No Saqlain...
she just gave me the injection, the pain is coming down.
Forget the x-ray. The doctor said that there is no need for an x-ray.
But Fariya...
Saqlain please, let's go home, I'm much better now.
I'll bring a wheelchair for you.
There's no need. My pain is coming down.
Alright, bandage her. There's no need for an x-ray.
Alright, stay here for a while. I'll meet the doctor, pay the bills and then we can go home.
Alright.
Ma'am, we can give you a time till next week.
Will her reports be back by next week?
Yes, they will.
Alright then, give us an appointment for next week.
Sister Areeba, how did you feel talking to the doctor? Did you feel satisfied?
I don't know Mahnoor. All the doctors say similar things in the beginning...
Sister Areeba...
What happened?
I just saw brother Saqlain passing by, did you see him?
How can Saqlain come here?
He just went by here, let's go ask him what he's doing here.
Sure.. come on.
You... here?
What are you two doing here?
I told you that I had a doctor's appointment here today.
Yes, I forgot, otherwise I wouldn't have come here...
That's fine... but what are you doing here? Is everything alright?
I was in an accident...
What happened to you? Are you fine?
I'm fine... there's no need to worry.
Thank God...
There was a guy who came in front of my car and I brought him here.
Is he fine? Is it a big problem?
No, thank God that everything is fine.
Sir...
These are your payment slips, your dues have been cleared. We have bandaged them, you can take them away now.
Thank God that this got resolved. I was worried that this might become a police case.
Thank God that didn't happen.
Anyways, go and meet the doctor.
We are free and were on our way home.
Sister Areeba, I'll leave for work and you can go home with brother Saqlain.
Brother Saqlain you'll take her home, right?
Sure, you can go. You've already given me a lot of time. You must be running late.
I'll go with him.
Sure, why not?
Alright fine... I'll get going... remember one thing...
You don't need to stress about anything and you need to be very careful.
Shall we?
What are you thinking?
I was just thinking about how he would go home.
Will you drop him home? You brought him here, and got him treated, what else will you do for him?
Forget about it. Come on, let's go home.
You're right. I've done what I came here for.
Come on, I'll drop you off.
Let's go.
Farewell*
You're back... where's Saqlain?
Did he drop you off at the door?
He scared the life out of me coming here out of the blue. We were saved by the skin of our teeth.
Forget all that... and pay for the taxi outside.
Taxi.. you came here in a taxi?
Yes...
But you went out with Saqlain, why a taxi?
He met his wife Areeba in the hospital...
he left me to go with her.
What?
Did he leave you at the hospital for her?
That's the worth I have for him.
Am I not his wife? He acknowledged her as his wife in front of the entire world...
and he asks me not to come in front of anyone else.
Why are you causing yourself anguish?
It's not like you wanted to maintain a marriage with him. You'll leave him in the end. Let me get you some water, and after that, I'll pay for the taxi.
Do you know the doctor is great, she said that we shouldn't be disappointed.
There's nothing greater than God's mercy.
Are you not happy?
If that does happen, do you think that there is anyone who will be happier than me?
We have been without hope for so many years...
But...
I have gained hope again. God will bless with a child.
We need not lose hope.
I wish that's true.
I'm leaving outside because of something important...
If I'm late, then don't be worried.
Sure.
Coat?
Sure...
This is a matter of Aima's entire life.
I don't think we shouldn't have been hasty.
What's wrong with this proposal? He's an educated man with a good job.
Did you see how big their house was?
Yes, mother but...
Thank you... We didn't have them investigated. We don't know anything about him.
My dear, what need is there?
There is no need to ask. The one who found the proposal did all of their investigations.
You're worrying for no reason.
Do you think that I'm such a fool that I will marry my daughter to just anyone?
No mother...
What can I say if you're satisfied?
Yes... they are in a rush to get them married.
We need to prepare accordingly after the engagement.
Will it be hard for you?
No.
God willing, everything will be great. Prepare for the engagement and tell me if you need anything.
We need to prepare a guest list. We also need to see if we'll host the engagement party at home or at a venue.
Mahir... what's with you? You said what you wanted to. I apologized to you as well.
Why are you blaming me for something sister Mahnoor did?
You know that I... hello...
Hello... hello!
Ramsha... my dear...
What's with you? Why are you crying?
What happened? Tell me...
Girls who have sisters like sister Mahnoor do nothing but cry...
But Mahnoor always...
What did she just say?
Why is she crying because of Mahi?
Enough now... why are you being so unkind to that poor girl?
Don't you know how he works? He uses his attitude to make girls do his bidding.
I don't care about her. Besides she's my sister-in-law's sister.
She has already insulted me.
You've done the same to her at university.
Yes...
She's desperate to be with you. Why don't you think of marrying her?
Really? Marriage?
What's so great about her that I will marry her?
She's rich...
Your future will be secured.
If I wanted to do that...
then Arooba was a better option than her.
What if you lose Arooba?
Listen to me, keep her under your thumb as well. If she becomes adamant about her demand then what will your sister-in-law be able to do?
Think about that.
Now order!
Waiter!
What's the matter? Why are you crying?
What's the matter?
Mother is being unjust to me.
She asked me to get engaged right now and then I can marry later...
I want to further my studies and I was about to talk to my brother about my university studies.
Look... Faraz did talk to her, but she has decided.
Sister... please help me.
I'm not mentally ready for this marriage. And when one isn't mentally ready for something, there's no point in doing such a thing.
I understand all of that. But how can I help you?
You know that auntie won't listen to me.
Talk to Yasir.
Me?
Yes, you... ask Yasir to only do the engagement right now...
we can marry after graduation as well.
No...
Sister, please...
I'm asking you to do something for the first time. Please help me.
Alright fine, don't worry.
We'll find a solution. I'll do something. Stop crying.
Everything will be fine.
Fariya, I know that I was wrong to do that to you.
But... I found Areeba at the hospital if she had known...
What would have happened? Would the sky have fallen?
Try and understand, I can't tell Areeba about us right now.
Saqlain I'm your wife as well. How long will you be unjust to me because of Areeba?
Be patient for a little while longer. You wanted me to marry you and I did.
You should use that to calm yourself down.
It would have been better if you hadn't married me.
Look how you left me alone at the hospital to leave with Areeba.
I was forced to. I forgot that Areeba was at that hospital, otherwise, I would have taken you to a different hospital.
Saqlain how long will I listen to your compulsions?
Did you see how Areeba stood there with her right?
And I... I live like a thief. To this day, you haven't introduced me to your family or any one of your friends.
What's the point in such a marriage, where I can't hold your hand?
These are just shackles at my feet.
Saqlain...
My dear, Fariya is right. You were cruel to my daughter today.
Look at how she came back with a swollen foot in a taxi.
The sight of her terrified me.
I promise you that this will not happen again.
Don't promise me anything.
Divorce Areeba right now and give me my right.
Only then I will believe you.
What's the matter with you?
Try and understand. I can't divorce Areeba right now.
Years of hard work will be laid to waste.
It will be very problematic if Areeba and her family know that I've married you.
Fifty percent of the work is done, and fifty percent is left.
Be patient for a while... like you did before.
My dear, why are you causing yourself pain? He's assuring you that everything will be fine.
I'll make tea for you two.
Please help me, I'm not mentally ready for this marriage And when one isn't mentally ready for something, there's no point in doing such a thing.
Actually... this shirt was very old, that's why I didn't sew the button on it. I went to the market to shop...
and I bought some new shirts for you...
What need was there for them?
Yes, there was...
You take such good care of us. You take care of our needs.
But you don't take care of yourself at all. I haven't seen you shop for yourself.
So...
It's not like that. But thank you. I shop for myself when I need it.
I have a lot of clothes and they are enough for me.
It's good to be humble.
But... one shouldn't be so humble that one ignores oneself, allowing everyone to go ahead.
Don't ignore yourself. You're special as well.
And... for me, you are the most.
I hope you like them.
Yes, they are very nice, this is my favorite color.
Can you please hold this?
It's very nice.
Nice, how do you know my size?
I saw it on one of your shirts.
You look good.
I'm asking you something for the first time. Please, help me.
Hello...
Greetings... is this Yasir speaking?
Yes, and you are?
Yasir, this is Mahnoor.
You came to our home that day. I'm Aima's sister-in-law.
Oh... okay... now I get it.
How are you?
I'm fine and how are you?
I'm good.
Actually, I needed to talk to you.
Yes, I do. Please tell me what's on your mind.
The thing is that Aima wants to complete her studies first.
She isn't mentally prepared for this marriage.
Is she refusing to marry?
Meaning...
It's not like that. She just wants time until her graduation.
Actually, auntie said that she wants to get her married soon.
That's why she was stressed out. She was worried that her studies would be abandoned this way.
That's it.
It's nothing major...
Aima can complete her studies after our marriage. I won't have any objections.
But, if she's not ready right now, then we should give her some time. I'll ask mother not to discuss the wedding too much.
We'll think about the wedding after we get engaged.
Thank you so much brother Yasir for understanding me. Aima will be glad to hear this.
I really appreciate it. We just need time until her studies are complete.
Okay... no problem.
Thank you, farewell.
What's the matter Ramsha? I've been noticing that you always have a long face.
What's the problem?
Nothing... brother Saqlain.
There is something. She gets upset over every small thing.
She's gotten used to having her way in everything.
What is it that she wants to have fulfilled that I'm not aware of?
Greetings*How are you mother?
I'm fine my dear, how are you?
I'm fine as well. Sister Areeba... brother Saqlain, how are you two?
We're fine as well, you tell us...
Mahi, come sit here, I want to talk to you.
Sure...
Ramsha only had a long face up till now, but seeing you she left. That too, without greeting you.
I think that she fought with you.
No... why would she fight with me? It's nothing like that.
Mahi, Ramsha was crying all night. First I thought that I should call you...
then I decided that I'll talk to you when you visit me.
Did you two argue about something?
Tell me... what are you two hiding from me?
Mother, what is there to hide from you? There's no fight between us.
You told me that she spends money carelessly, I scolded her on that, and that's why she's upset.
If it's like that, then she should be the one who should be ashamed. It's hard to earn money and where does she spend all that money?
Maybe at university.
Mahnoor I know you defend Ramsha more than necessary.
But... this might make her get out of control.
That can't be, she's our sister and I know her limits.
Besides, I've never taken her side when she was wrong.
She's a little upset, I'll talk to her about it, then she'll be fine.