why are they taking so long!
oh God!
I'll see him after so many days
greetings!
greetings to you too! my life
stay happy & blessed, may God bless you with a lot of happiness. My eyes were yearning to see you
oh aunt, I should feel sorry for you if you are yearning to see him in this technological era
let it be! has any mother feel satisfied on the video call?
true that!
are you satisfied now? I am back here for forever
tell me one thing, when I had told you that nobody will come to the airport to pick me. Then why he came?
I could have come myself
 Why did you bother him?
oh man! its not a big deal. Besides, we don't have one relation but two
now, if I will not take care of the tantrums of my stubborn sister in law's to be husband. Then who else will?
anyways Saqlain, you & Areeba shall sit & try to explain Mahoor
that girls don't look good while insisting a lot
and after marriage the girl has to listen to her husband. And it looks good to take the orders from a man
now look at yourself, how obedient Areeba is to you
aunt, how many times I have told you that there is a lot of difference in Mahnoor & Areeba
Areeba isn't so proud about that she is very well educated or she wants to conquer the world
however Mahnoor
she doesn't value anyone
do you remember, how she had refused for Ashir's proposal on your face
however, we all know that he is so perfect
I'm tired, so I am going to do some rest
Ok dear, do some rest. I will send your tea inside your room. OK?
I don't need anything, I just want to sleep
what do you do, Saqlain?
what was the need to refresh the old wounds, and that too in front of Ashir right now?
what as such I've said? Since you've talked about explaining Mahnoor, so I've said it accordingly
but still, you shouldn't have repeated the matter of rejection right now & that too in front of him
only a week is left in the wedding ceremony
and you've hurt my son by reminding him that Mahnoor has rejected to marry him
this matter will be discussed again & again, aunt
if Ashir wants the share of inheritance, then he should remember that Mahnoor had insulted him
Okay sit, let me bring tea for you
no, there is no need of it. You also rest, as I have to go to the office. I'm leaving
Okay
now Saqlain will humiliate me
Mr. Ashir Ahmed
you were insulted, you were rejected
your marriage date has been fixed
you had thought that you will not do the departure ritual & will keep her on your name for her entire life
dear come
what is all this?
Mahnoor, I've taken out he jewelry for you
but mom, this jewelry is yours
since you had refused to take the dowry, so I thought to gift you my jewelry on your wedding
I don't have all the right on this jewelry
Mahnoor, you have refused to take all the rights
parents are also humans
they aren't angels, they also do make mistakes
sometimes they do utter such words which hurt their children
whatever I had said to you, please forgive me for that
please mom, don't make me feel guilty by saying such things
don't say such things that I am unable to face myself
whatever you had said, I have forgotten it
yes Mahnoor, one needs to suffer in order to release pain
I am trying to save my children from the pain
may God keep your happy & blessed in your house
may you get whatever you want, may you succeed in your motive
Saqlain is such a big support for Areeba
and in this situation, when she cannot give an offspring to him
God forbid if Saqlain...
God forbid that any such thing shall happen
whatever you are trying to say, I've understood
and you have said the right thing. One needs to suffer through the pain in order to get the pain released
its just that the person needs to be strong enough
Mahnoor, keep this jewelry & get them fixed as per your desire
but mom this jewelry..
if you will refuse, then I will be hurt a lot
Okay
I will keep this jewelry
but I will not get their designs changed
dad had got them made for you, right?
this jewelry will stay with me as your memorable
stay blessed & happy
you are absolutely correct! how can mom give her entire jewelry to Mahnoor?
maybe she is forgetting that I & Ramsha also have a right on them
oho! eventually you have got to know this jewelry matter
don't know what not aunt had given Mahnoor from her treasure in order to make her happy
and you'll never get to know about it
and she'll leave from there quietly after taking everything
what treasure my mom have? whatever she has is in front of you
I just do the work of a cashier for her, I collect the cash & deposit it in her account
where we get the amount of your father's pension, that is 1.5 to 2 lacs
ok listen! tell me one thing. Do you have any idea that how much money does my mother have in her bank account
how would I know?
yes! in fact I know one thing that your mother has agreed to pay 10 lacs as the dowry amount as per my aunt's request
as far as wedding expenses are concerned, they are my responsibility
it will be adjusted with the rent of the shops
and then you'll see
your mother will give the share of inheritance to Mahnoor
by the way, Mahnoor is such a sly woman
earlier, she lifted her character by refusing about everything
and now see, she is taking everything
this is what I am trying to explain you at all times
that Mahnoor does her work in such a clever manner
she is hollowing your mother slowly & gradually
you & Ramsha will keep on seeing her face
what I was thinking! let me separate some amount & keep it in a separate amount every month
maybe nothing will be left till Ramsha's wedding
you are thinking so correct
how good & positive you think about us
who else do I have?
if I won't think then who else will?
what is this drama? End it! I am having a headache
its a wedding house
the drums will be beaten in the joyous occasion, right?
and why are you having a headache? Go & rest
are you fine?
just tell me, why did you fix my wedding date without my consent?
and now all of this drama!
so, didn't you wanted to marry?
I've spent each & every day while counting
and my eyes are yearning to see your happiness
I wasn't running anywhere!
all of this drama could be done after a year or 6 months
I've just completed my studies, still I have to find a job & make my career
you can make your career as well, it won't make any difference on our house expense
God has blessed us with everything
if you won't earn for a year or six months
still we can enjoy a luxurious life
as far as whatever amount you'll get from Mahnoor's dowry & share of inheritance. You can start your business with it
still, job is slavery. No matter if you become a governor
one's business is very important, OK?
let me send you some tea, go to your room. Your headache will be fine
I don't need anything. Just don't make the noise
mom, you've given the entire jewelry to Mahnoor
without even taking my suggestion
it was my jewelry, so I gave her
and Areeba, I didn't need your suggestion or permission for it
yes, you are absolutely correct
but our father had made that jewelry for you, right?
and all of us three sisters have got an equal right on it, in the same manner as we have the right on this property
Areeba, I've given your share of inheritance to you long time ago without your consent
mom, its obvious that you will give it to Mahnoor as well
I haven't thought about it as of yet
you had said to me yourself, that we shouldn't get ourselves involved into these lawyers etc
everyone has considered my husband as a servant
the desires are never ending, and what do we get in return?
so sister Areeba, you tell us. What do you want in return?
you can never give me anything
say it, what do you want
I've been busy in your wedding preparations since so many months
and you were busy in completing your internship & studies
I went to the market so many times
also Saqlain is too busy, and now your marriage responsibility is on his head
now he has to do this work too
sister Areeba, that's what I am asking you
that what do you & brother Saqlain wants from me & mom in exchange of these favors?
we don't want anything, you cannot give us anything
even you give us respect with a lot of misery
mom, I just want you to keep an equal share for all of us in that jewelry
and it should be distributed to us equally
because Saqlain says, if we do injustice with a single child
then it burdens the parents till the day of judgment
absolutely correct!
as it is, I never wanted to keep the entire jewelry with me
let me do one thing, let me bring the jewelry
then mom will distribute it to the three of us, in front of you & Ramsha
Mahnoor...
its Ok mom
what is all this happening?
let her bring them
what have you decided then? What are your plans?
will you do the job, or will do business in Mahnoor's shops?
by the way, shall I give you a suggestion?
try to do on your own, whatever you do
Mahnoor is such an ill-mannered girl
she doesn't stops herself from taunting
even mom was telling me the same thing again & again, that Mahnoor misbehaves with you
after all, what is the enmity?
why she doesn't respects you? She doesn't even respects your relation with her?
what to tell you!
I feel ashamed to tell you
tell me, don't feel ashamed in front of me
actually... 
she had an affair with a rich boy, he was quite a licentious guy
I told aunt when I got to know
the took that matter to her heart
Mahnoor was having an affair
look, I didn't wanted to tell you this matter. But since you've asked me so... 
actually, that guy came to our house few days before your arrival
we got rid of him with a lot of difficulty
and seriously, Mahnoor didn't had any association with this matter
that poor girl was compelled by her heart
the actual culprit was that guy who had trapped her in his love
thanks to God that I got to know the entire matter on the right time
in fact, Mahnoor has refused for your proposal because of that guy
my point still stands!
Mahnoor was having an affair & still you had convinced my mother for my marriage with her
do you think, if I would have known this matter then I would have convinced aunt for this proposal?
yes?
I got to know about it when you had already married her, and nothing could have happened at that time
anyways... 
forget that matter. That's history
she is your wife now, that matter has ended
relax!
Besides, people do such mistakes on college & university levels. You must have done these mistakes too
I don't think so that we need to create such a big issue out of it
right?
he is gone!
right
the matter has ended
gone!
yeah, gone!
here you go, mom
this is the jewelry
mom can do whatever she wants to do with them
Mahnoor
yes, she is inside
let me take you to her, please come in
take care of all the work, as I will be busy then
maam, brother Ashir is here
hey Ashir! how are you? Is everything fine?
greetings!*
Salma, quickly go & do arrangements for the tea
there is no need for that, I have come to meet Mahnoor
No, no.. this is not possible because yesterday we did her henna ceremony
and now both of you cannot meet each other
even I think the same that some matters shall be discussed after marriage
sister, I want to meet Mahnoor its important
really!
yes
Ramsha, do one thing. Bring Mahnoor here
Okay
if you don't mind, I want to talk to Mahnoor in private
if you allow me then can I go inside her room
Okay fine, Ramsha take him
go
please come
sister, brother Ashir is here
there must be some important discussion
I think, he must be missing sister so much that he came here himself
you & here!
is everything fine?
I've got to know the reason
that why you had rejected me
and frankly it doesn't make any difference to me, if you were involved with someone or you had boyfriend
but there is one thing, which effects me
you had rejected me
I get hurt over here
I had planned long time ago to take the revenge of my insult from you
because I never wanted to waste my life with an egotistic & arrogant girl like you
So... Mrs. Mahnoor
I divorce you!
why Ashir came so early in the morning to talk to Mahnoor?
I pray that everything is fine
I divorce you!
No... no, you cannot do this to me. My mother... 
you cannot do this. No!
I divorce you!
your henna looks so good
I am feeling so anxious
mom, brother Ashir is here
hey Ashir
have you talked to Mahnoor?
Ashir! dear listen to me 
Ashir!
Ashir, at least listen to me dear
what had happened? Why did he left without talking?
Areeba, I am feeling so anxious
mom, please relax
quickly go & bring water for mom
oh God! I just pray that everything is well
mom!
let me talk to Mahnoor, please come & sit here
Mahnoor, that Ashir... 
Ashir has taken his revenge from me for his insult
he has divorced me
what!
do you know what you are saying!
I know
I know... 
Ashir has divorced me
what!
what is she saying?
what is she saying!
mom! ... mom
mom! mom, what happen to you? Open your eyes
quickly bring water
mom!
*indistinct noise*
this boy doesn't tell me anything
he leaves the house whenever he feels like
he already knows that a wedding is going on in the house, & there are a lot of work. But no!
he doesn't even care that its his own wedding
he hasn't bought his wedding dress as of yet
where have you gone so early in the morning?
I had gone to fix a matter
which matter?
and what dues you have with someone?
it was a loan kind of
it was my insult, and it was a loan so I had to repay it
why are you beating about the bush? I don't get it, tell me the matter clearly
oho! I just divorced Mahnoor
what! what are you saying? tomorrow is your wedding
don't over react
first of all, I haven't planned to marry that egoistic & arrogant girl
also you had fixed the dates, & my wedding without even asking me
but now when I've got to know about her character, it was impossible for me to accept her 
that's why I have ended the relation. Why are you over reacting so much?
what have you done?
doctor, is everything fine?
her BP is very high, it will take some time to get normal
besides, she is in a lot of stress & shock. Try to keep her away from worries
its very important to monitor her BP, if she gets unwell then bring her to the hospital
I ma prescribing few medicines
listen
please talk to aunt
how can Ashir do this?
I will talk to her later, but right now I am worried about your mother
doctor, how is mom?
God willing she will be fine. I've prescribed the medicines, and have explained in detail. Try to keep her way from the worries
don't give her anymore tensions
thank you, doctor
come, let me drop you
I don't understand
how come we are facing a lot of difficulties all of a sudden
mom!
Mahoor's affair with some guy!
yes
No, no... I don't believe it
am I lying to you?
No.. why will you lie to me?
such a big decision & that too without any thinking or so
you should have told me, I would have gone & talked to them myself. You had done everything so quietly
what will you talk to them?
I didn't wanted to marry Mahnoor
if you didn't wanted to marry her, then why you did contractual marriage!
why did you convince Mahnoor for the contractual marriage by compelling Areeba & Saqlain?
A very very good question
it has never happened in my life that somebody shall insult me & I don't take its revenge
Mahnoor had rejected me for someone else
how could I tolerate that insult? so I took the revenge
its gone!  in the words of Mr. Saqlain its all gone
but what will I answer Saqlain now?
and what will I tell those people, who are ready to attend your wedding tomorrow?
there is no need to answer Saqlain! Ask Saqlain for the clarification
that why he tried to make a relation with us, by keeping his sister in law's character a secret?
and tell the people that the girl was characterless
she used to meet her ex-lovers, that's why we have ended the relation
its done & dusted
Case closed!
hmm...
I will ask Saqlain to give the clarification
I will make sure to ask him
Mrs. Mahnoor, I divorce you!
you haven't done the right thing, Saqlain
first of all, whatever Mahnoor's reality was... you should have told be earlier
so that I wouldn't have gone with her marriage proposal
and now, since this matter got exposed. So what was the need to tell Ashir? You should have told me
aunt, how would I know that Ashir will do all this
I had shared Mahnoor's matter with Ashir just like that
so that he should be knowing about her life, as she is his wife
I thought he will show his noble attitude but
you've said such a weird thing
a guy gets to know that his wife is having an affair with another man, & he shall tolerate it!
you tell me, can you show your noble attitude in this matter for Areeba?
why do you drag Areeba in between?
I've told you numerous times that there is a lot of difference between Areeba & Mahnoor
So, why did you brought your sister in law's proposal?
why did you kept a hope with me that I will fix my one & only intelligent & wise son's marriage with such a girl
whose love stories are famous in the entire world!
oh aunt, I made a mistake! I wanted to do a good deed but everything went wrong
here you are scolding me, & there Areeba's family will scold me
who dares to scold you!
their daughter's actions aren't good, & they are scolding you!
aunt, try to understand. Its such a difficult time for them. Their daughter got divorced!
aunt is extremely unwell. I fear, what if she dies in this grief
by the way, they say the right thing on this occasion
that a person shall always pray to God for a pious & obedient children
and honestly speaking, I am feeling so bad for your mother in law
because I had never wanted all this
but I want it to happen
I want to see Mahnoor's lowered face & defeat in her eyes
and because of Ashir, I've achieved my motive
anyways aunt, what can be done now? Whatever had to happen, has happened already
what's done can't be undone
it would be better to accept this reality
take it
what is this?
divorce papers! give them to Mahnoor
I am very well aware of your inner stubbornness
but I didn't had an idea that you will take such a hasty decision
even I didn't had an idea, that you will make my innocent mother a fool for your in-laws
I am not among those people, who tolerates betrayal for the greed of wealth, property & dowry
I haven't made anyone a fool! I got to know all those things just now
Besides, you haven't divorced Mahnoor because of her affair. But because of the rejection of your proposal
am I right?
its my mistake
I shouldn't have initiated the topic of the marriage of you two
just because of this new relation, the old relations are getting bitter
Oh.. poor you!
mom
what happened?
what had happened?
what happen, are you fine?
why did it happen, Mahi?
all of this was written in my fate
why Ashir did this with you?
where is Saqlain? Tell him to go & ask his aunt that why did Ashir divorced you before the departure ritual?
why did he left?
please control yourself
brother Saqlain must be there
what will happen by doing this?
fight, arguments etc...
No Mahi no...
No... what had happen, Mahi!
please don't cry you will get unwell. Please control yourself
see, I am perfectly fine. 
You used to say
that whatever is written in one's fate cannot be changed
I am fine... please don't cry