Auntie has been constantly calling. The phone has been inside, ringing, and you're sitting out here?
I don't understand something... if auntie has finalized Mahnoor's relationship on her say-so...
then what's the point in her calling like this?
Let her call.
I will not talk to her, neither will I show my face to her.
If mother marries Mahnoor to Faraz, I will not be present in that marriage.
Do you remember when I told you that Mahnoor was lying?
Everyone who saw Mahnoor and Faraz together could see that something was going on between them.
Look at the gall of that man, he reached her home with a proposal.
Did you take a look at Faraz?
He has no class or personality. Mahnoor should take a look at herself and then think about Faraz'a proposal.
How will he fit into our family... there is no comparison between you and him.
That's what I'm trying to make you understand. Seeing Faraz and Mahnoor together...
is like silk being sewn into tires.
That's what I want. Today I've used Mahnoor's stubbornness in my favor.
I don't want anyone to stand against me. You'll learn your lesson after your marriage. The person you're taking a stand for...
will make you regret it.
Hello...
Were you sleeping?
No... I sleep late, I don't have a habit of sleeping early.
I wanted to thank you, for the way you took a stand for me in front of your family.
You don't realize how great of a favor you've done me by accepting my proposal.
Mahnoor...
I respect you a lot and I don't know when I started taking a liking to you.
Just trust me...
I will answer everyone who's speaking against us.
Mahnoor, are you listening?
Yes, I am. Actually, I wanted to apologize...
I'm sorry for the disrespect brother Sufyan and sister Areeba showed you and your mother.
I've brought some great news for you, but you've only brought me water. Why not some sherbet?
I've never been lucky enough to hear good news from you. We're out of sherbet, so you'll have to make do with this.
What has happened to your mood today?
I'm not feeling well today. You tell me...
I've brought two great proposals for Faraz and Aima.
They live in America, and they want to marry their daughter and son together, that too quickly.
I've talked about Aima and Faraz.
I've already sent Faraz's proposal somewhere, talk to them about Aima.
Where have you sent Faraz'a proposal?
It's someone Faraz likes. It's a million times better than the ones that you brought.
By God's good grace, the girl is highly educated. She has an officer-grade job and she's also the owner of many shops and houses.
What should I tell them then?
It's obvious that you should either refuse or talk to them about Aima.
That's very hard, they won't agree. I had already convinced them.
Anyways, I'll look at some other suitor for Aima.
Besides, you've removed Faraz's burden from me.
Yes, thank God I've been unburdened by Faraz's worry.
Have your water.
What are your plans? Do you have any rituals in mind, or do you want to directly marry?
There should be at least one ritual ceremony. You guys just set things. Right brother?
Sure... we should have at least one ritual.
Alright then... we'll visit them on Sunday. Be sure to tell Mahnoor.
Sunday? I'm busy on Sunday.
Why? What's with you?
It's an educational trip. I'm going to the northern areas for a week.
Good luck.
Thank you.
Your brother is getting married and you...
My dear, I called you so many times, why didn't you pick up? I had to come to your home to talk to you.
What should I have said?
The good news that you were trying to tell me, I didn't want to hear it. Saqlain and I...
did not approve of the relationship that you're setting for Mahnoor. Not once did you think if those people are of our level.
My dear, you didn't give me a chance to decide. You started abusing them from the get-go. If you hadn't done that, I would have found an excuse.
You could still refuse, but you won't do that. It's obvious that you want to stand by Mahnoor's stubborn decision, even if it breaks relationships.
Why would any of our relationships break? Why are you fighting with her? She does not fault this.
Auntie is right... your emotional behavior has cost us. This could have been over with.
Still, we can't change what happened.
Auntie, tell me... what do we need to do in the future. Will it be a marriage directly...
or do you want to conduct a ritual?
The marriage will be done soon. Mahi wants no pageantry.
They are coming tomorrow to have a small engagement ritual. I want you two to forget everything and join us tomorrow.
I will not be present.
Areeba... auntie don't worry. I'll take care of all the arrangements.
Mahnoor is my sister... her marriage won't be a simple one... it will have all the pageantry.
We will be present at it.
Bless you, my dear.
Areeba...
Forget her... I'll take care of her.
People who join my name with yours...
the way pass judgment on you for that... for that...
I am a simple man and I really don't know any flashy ways. I feel that you have been insulted by me...
I don't even know who the bigger fool among the two of us is...
Going against brother Saqlain I did agree to marry Faraz, but will this not create more trouble for me?
Sister Mahnoor...
Yes?
It really is strange...
I thought that there would be a lot of people coming in from their family, but there weren't many.
It's alright.
We also had only our family.
Hmm... the gifts that they brought were only subpar as well.
You should have realized the type of presents that they would have brought for Mahnoor, seeing their status.
That's why Saqlain and I did not approve of this relationship. There is no match between Faraz and Mahnoor.
Sister Mahnoor, sister Areeba is right...
Look at how ideal a couple sister Areeba and brother Saqlain are, on the other hand, there is brother Faraz.
He doesn't match well with you at all.
Ramsha...
Anyways...
Mother...
Sister Mahnoor's house was really nice, right? Her mother gave us nice presents as well.
You only gave them two suits, and they two were subpar. Thank God that brother Faraz bought that ring, otherwise you had no intention of buying one.
He has chosen his wife and therefore he also chose the ring. He didn't ask me, because he was worried that I might stash the money.
What are you saying, mother? Has brother Faraz ever said something so shallow to you?
This is the first time he's chosen to marry someone. What need was there to spend so much money?
The marriage is after two weeks.
What's the point in spending so much on a gold ring and clothes?
Mother, I don't know why you're so upset.
It was your wish to see brother Faraz married. Now that he has expressed his choice, why do you feel so bad about it?
It's not that Faraz chose a girl to marry...
it's just that the match between Mahnoor and Faraz doesn't seem nice to me. Think for yourself...
How come Mahnoor agreed to this proposal when her family did not agree?
She agreed to this because she likes brother Faraz.
God knows if she likes him or not. I hope she doesn't intend to boss him around, as she does at work.
Lord knows what she'll do in this house.
She will do nothing.
Don't think so negatively. There's not much time in the wedding, this way everything will be dealt with quickly. Shall we go?
Sit down and study.
Sometimes you ask me to study and sometimes you don't.
Thank you.
Please sit down.
This is about the meeting that happened today.
I was thinking about what your favorite color could be...
Pardon?
Every color looks good on you. But there is always one color that one likes more.
The wedding dress should be of that color.
This is fine.
Where's Fariya?
She must be in her room upstairs.
Alright...
Saqlain...
Listen to me for a few minutes.
What is it?
Look... I know that you've done me and Fariya a lot of favors...
You helped us when we needed it...
You gave us such a big home and you take care of everything for us...
Wait a minute...
Be straightforward... what do you want to say?
My dear, I'm very worried about Fariya...
I understand that you're with her, but how long will you stay with her without something prominent?
When I think about Fariya's future, I feel very afraid.
And she has gotten used to you as well.
Look, my son...
If you marry her... then my worries will be over...
and then I'll lay on my deathbed peacefully.
Did you now know that I was here?
I did...
Besides, who else comes here but you?
If it's like that, then why didn't you come outside?
Because I didn't feel like seeing you.
Exactly the same way you didn't feel like picking up my calls for so many days.
It's not about what I feel, it's about the situation.
I cannot always talk to you.
And why don't you make your mother understand?
She still mentioned our marriage today.
What's so wrong with that?
You love me... I love you...
then I don't understand why we shouldn't marry.
You know that very well. I'm already married.
I know that you're married.
And now I also know that your love was only a lie, you were just passing the time with me.
And I know that the day you grow tired of me, you will leave me.
If I wanted to end this relationship, I would have ended it a long time ago.
There was no need to drag this on. As far as Areeba is concerned, you know why I'm maintaining that relationship.
Until and unless I transfer all her property in my name, I can't divorce her.
Don't divorce her. We can still marry.
Besides, what has Areeba given you? She couldn't even give you a child.
Alright.
We'll think about that.
We can't decide that sitting here, it will take some time.
Where were you busy that you didn't even call me?
I was very busy. But today I've come here completely free.
Let's go out and have dinner today at a nice place.
Really?
Yes.
What if your wife sees us together again?
No one will see us... coincidences happen every day.
Go and get ready. We'll have dinner at your favorite restaurant today.
Let's go...
Let's go.
Which one of these looks better? This... or this?
This one...
Okay... your choice is just like mine.
I'll wear this then.
Let me see your hand.
I didn't want to waste my life...
with a prideful and stubborn girl like you.
Mrs. Mahnoor...
I divorce you...
For how long will I live in fear that my past might repeat itself,
This way I'll never be able to move on.
Whatever happened to me in the past, I will not let it become a hurdle to my happiness.
I will start my new life because I want to move on.
That means that Saqlain won't come home tonight as well.
Sister...
Sister... try and make mother understand. Because she doesn't listen to me.
What aren't you listening to?
She has gone insane.
I took out some stuff for your dowry. I decided that I'll give some to you, and I'll keep some for her.
And I'll check how much more new stuff I need to buy.
Why would she want to take that old stuff with her?
You should have donated that to someone...
Why should I? It's expensive... it could come in handy...
to the two of you.
I would never take that old stuff with me.
I think that you shouldn't take it with you as well.
Fine, don't wear it...
It's Mahnoor's stuff, it's up to her to wear it or throw it away.
No...
Don't throw it away. We bought it with money...
Besides, the stuff wasn't bad, it was just the circumstances.
My dear, there's no need to remember the past. There is no need to remember it.
I'm just worried about how we'll get things done in time. Areeba isn't helping me at all.
I still haven't given an order for Aneesha. I don't know if I should buy it ready-made, or have it made.
And I still haven't seen your home as well. I don't know what you need there.
Firstly, stop worrying so much. Secondly, whatever is needed there, we'll buy it together. 
As far as the dowry is concerned, I don't want it.
It's like I said before.
Mahi...
Things were different before.
Alright fine, I'll buy whatever I need with you.
And you, stop bothering mother.
Is it here?
I think it's probably on that shelf.
I think it might be here.
Hi...
Hello.
How was the trip?
The trip? Cool... awesome...
You guys missed an amazing chance.
Yes... we would have come, but what could we have done, we didn't have permission from home.
It's alright, next time when there is a plan...
please join us, bye.
Bye.
Thank God that he talked to me.
But don't get after him like before.
Otherwise, he'll start giving you the attitude again.
No, that won't happen this time.
That's perfect. You two have worked very well. I need the same efficiency from your department on the next project.
Sir, we'll try our best. We'll try to give an even better performance next time.
Great.
Sir... I need to talk to you about something important.
Actually... I need a leave for two weeks.
Is everything alright?
Yes sir...
I'm getting married.
That's great. Congratulations.
When is your wedding?
Sir, this Sunday. Four days from now.
Actually, the cards haven't been printed, but still, I'm inviting you. Please, be sure to come.
Who's the lucky guy?
What's his profession? Does he have a job or a business?
Sir, I'm getting married to Mr. Faraz.
What?
Mahnoor... you're marrying Faraz?
Yes sir...
That's so strange. That means that people were speaking the truth about you at work.
And here I was fighting for you in the office.
Sir... we've taken this decision to shut those people up.
The way our staff was targeting Miss Mahnoor, have you ever thought...
how badly miss Mahnoor was defamed by all of this? The bad effect it had on her family...
She's been going through a lot of pain.
Faraz, you are making their allegations true.
One can think whatever they want...
I'll deal them with myself... whoever that speaks ill of miss Mahnoor, I'll set them straight myself.
Anyone who dares put an allegation on her will have to first face me.
Areeba I've bought you a few suits.
Look at how they are. I thought...
that you would not shop for the wedding because you were upset. You didn't come to help me as well.
So I decided to take Ramsha and Mahi with me...
Look at the scarf, it's so beautiful.
What happened Areeba? Why are you crying?
Sister Areeba?
Mahi... Ramsha...
Why is she crying?
Sister, what has happened to you?
Why are you crying?
Tell us why are you crying. Did you argue with brother Saqlain, did he say something?
I went to a gynecologist today...
And?
She...
She had patients who hadn't been able to conceive for ten years.
After being treated by her all of them were blessed with children.
She took a look at my reports as well.
But she didn't give me any hope.
She said that...
there are no chances.
Why has fate been so unjust to me? What have I ever done to anyone?
Be strong... you are very brave. One shouldn't blame fate this way.
Why shouldn't I blame fate?
What is this other than my ill fate?
For years I have been bearing taunts of barrenness.
Why doesn't God take mercy on me?
Areeba, have faith in God my dear...
God loves one more than seventy mothers. What will the doctors do?
God is the one who gives us children.
Have faith in God and keep praying to him.
God will accept your prayers and I've been praying for you as well.
I'm very worried about my daughter. How long will you stay with her without anything prominent?
If you marry her, then all my worries will end and then I can lay on my deathbed without any worries.
I know that you're married, but we can still marry.
Besides, what has Areeba given you? She couldn't even give you a child.
What are you doing?
Brother Faraz asked me to set up his wardrobe and make space for sister Mahnoor.
Are you his maid that you'll do this for her? Keep it the way it was...
When she comes here, she'll set it herself.
I'm surprised that tomorrow is the mehndi and they still haven't sent the dowry.
Do they intend not to give their daughter a dowry?
What can I say about that?
They are strange people... I can't even call and ask them.
How will this room be set without proper furniture?
It's not like it's empty. Brother Faraz's room does have furniture.
It would look so awkward if we call and ask.
It's not like up till now everything has been normal...
It's not like my question about the dowry would be inappropriate.
All of this seems like a game to me. Keep all of this back.
Sister... shall I ask you something?
What is it?
Have you fallen in love with brother Faraz?
No...
What do you mean, no?
If you haven't fallen in love with him, then why are you marrying him?
Is it important to love someone to marry them?
To marry someone... one needs to look at...
class, status, education, and money. What else does one need to look for in their life partner?
Respect.
Class, status, money, education... all of that...
to one side, but can one spend one's life without respect?
No, right? Faraz respects me...
In my respect, he dares to fight the entire world.
And that's what I like about him. What else does a woman need?
If there is respect in a relationship, then love indeed finds its way.
But in any relationship, there is no respect...
then love changes its path as well.
That's fair.