Faraz did you clear mom's bills for the hospital?
Yes.
I saw the bill's slip in mom's hospital file. I had to give you this.
Mahnoor, did I ask you for money?
But I have to give it back.
You don't have to. It doesn't look good. Please keep this money.
Why doesn't it look? Doesn't your mom have any relationship with me?
No its not that. But the amount is too much. It will burden you without any reason.
Do you think I'm such a low life?
Do you think I cannot afford spending a hundred thousand rupees.
No. You're mistaking me.
But if Saqlain had given this money, would you return this to him as well?
Its different about Saqlain?
He's rich and he can afford but I can't. Right?
What do you think? Who is a rich person?
Even a child knows that Mahnoor but what link does this have with this question.
Because a rich person for the world is the one who has money and fame.
But I don't think that. For me, a person with loyalty and concern for his own people is rich.
Someone who can ask his friends for loan just to ensure my mom is treated well in the hospital.
Who told you this, Mahnoor?
Actually he gave me the money to give you.
I shouldn't have shared it with them.
On one hand you want to curb the distances between us and on the other hand you don't want to share anything with me.
I don't share my problems with anyone.
I'm your wife and you should share all your problems with me. As far as Saqlain is concerned, don't compare yourself with him.
He is spending our money on us. Please keep this money and give this to aunty. God knows how much difficulties she faced to save this money. Please.
Don't worry about that I'll return the money to her?
How will you? Will you take a loan from the office and the amount will be deducted from your salary and the budget of the house will be disturbed.
See, this money holds no importance for me. Your concern is important for me. Your support and the security you give me with your presence is what is important to me.
This money. They don't hold any importance for me. I will like if you can keep this amount.
Here is your tea. This is yours, this is yours.
Areeba please go back to your own house today.
Mom if she goes, you'll be all alone and I have to be at the university today. Its very important.
You will not stop making excuses. What would happen if you take an off and stay with mom.
Whats wrong with you? I'll miss my lectures and then my percentage will drop.
I'll do one thing. I'll call Mahnoor and she'll come here.
No. Don't bother her. She just got married. What would her in laws think? They'll think we keep her involved with our problems.
Saqlain was very upset. He said Ramsha calls Faraz every time.
He is Mahnoor's husband, not our servant. Not everybody can be like Saqlain.
Mahnoor has a lot of responsibilities at home. We cannot call her every other day.
Alright then.
Why are you worrying about me? I'm absolutely fine. Why are you worried?
Don't worry yourself.
I promised Mahnoor, I'll not leave you alone for a second.
But you need to look after Saqlain as well.
I'll go back once Ramsha is back from her university.
Did you talk to Saqlain?
I'll call him in a bit.
How do I look?
Gorgeous as always.
So what do you think? Should we go to Turkey for our honeymoon?
Honeymoon? Not a bad idea. We can think about it.
What do you mean we'll think about it? Finalize the plan today and we'll leave withing 2 days. Do you know I really like Turkey.
Oh..
We cannot go all of a sudden. We will need to complete some important documents.
Don't say anything, Areeba calling. 
Saqlain, I'm warning you if you talk to Areeba in front of me. You want me to keep regretting the fact that I'm your second wife.
Dania, Areeba is my wife.
I know. But I cannot tolerate her existence. At least don't answer her calls in front of me and hurt me.
You know I love you a lot.
This is exactly the thing about you that destroys me.
This old man is twice my age and look at him being a lover. Once I have all his bank balance after that I'll teach him a lifelong lesson worth remembering.
No phone.
Okay but anybody else might call as well.
Mom? Mom, your money.
But dear you needed the money.
No, I don't need them anymore.
By the way, you didn't do good discussing this with Mahnoor, mom.
But there was nothing to hide anything from her. She is a member of our house, your wife. You shouldn't hide anything from her.
Tell me one thing. Why did you need a loan worth hundred thousands all of a sudden? I never ask more from you. I only use what you give me.
Did you pay the hospital bill or did you need the money for Mahnoor's chain?
Mom, it was an emergency. We needed to get aunty's tests done.
By the way let me tell you, Mahnoor has given the money back.
Come on.
Now this is a favor to me that she gave the money back.
Mom.. You..
See dear, I want the best for you. I cannot see you worried. Its your money. You can spend on anybody, anywhere you like.
What happened Mahnoor? Hurry up, I'm getting late. Its fine about you but my time is marked.
Just give me five minutes, we'll leave.
What are you looking for?
Faraz the chain you gifted me. I kept it here but I can't find it.
Where will it go? It must be here.
I kept it here with the rest of my jewelry.
But this drawer is locked and even if it isn't locked nothing gets lost from the house. Do you remember clearly, it was here? May be you kept it in your bag?
No. I remember clearly, I kept the chain here. See the box is empty.
Where could it go?
I'll check again.
I'm home the entire day and I get your room cleaned in front of my eyes. The maid,
She is a loyal woman. She has never even stolen a penny from our house.
Where could the chain go?
Ask your wife. Why are you asking me?
Her things are her responsibility. Its the limit of carelessness. You misplaced a gold chain.
I remember I kept it in my cupboard and locked it.
Did you forget it at your mother's house?
Mom's house?
Certainly. You must have forgotten it there. You'll find it there.
How can it be aunty? I didn't even wear it.
I kept it as it is, locked in the cupboard.
Then did ghosts took it away? Who can be a thief in this house?
Or say that its either me or Aima who stole it.
What are you saying aunty? I can't even think about it.
Then dear, look for it because my son worked hard to pay for it.
And you, you lost it within four days. Now tell me, you say that your cupboard is locked.
You have the keys. Who could take out the chain then? But yes, if you want to just accuse us, that's another thing.
Now listen to me. I will never even looked at your jewelry even if it was lying there in front of me.
We might be poor dear, but thank God we are not thieves. Had we been like that, we too would have a big bungalow somewhere.
Hello guys. Hello.
You didn't come for the race yesterday. We missed you a lot.
To tell you the truth. The day I get a heavy bike, I'll defeat you first.
Now listen to him.
Its not child's play to defeat us.
Why don't you get a second hand bike?
Yes but even a second hand bike won't be cheap.
My dad has promised me that he'll get me a new one next month. You can keep my old one.
Oh my brother, it isn't cheap either. It must be expensive too.
You're like a brother to me. Give me two and a half hundred thousands to satisfy dad.
Yes, that I could arrange. Lets get this deal done.
How is aunt now?
She's a lot better now.
Why do you seem worried?
No. I'm fine.
Really? Then why did you come home so soon? You should have stayed there for a few days. 
Mom sent me back. She said you must be worried.
She's always... This is the last one.
There were a few more.
No its done.
I forgot to tell you. I'm going to Turkey next week for around five six days. I have an important meeting. You'll be worried here so you can go to your mom's house.
I have an appointment from the doctor next week. I was thinking it would be better if you came along.
What will I do going with you?
I'd say, stop going to doctors. To tell you the truth, I don't have any hopes now.
I want...
Its alright. We're not the only ones who don't have a child in this world.
Have I ever complained to you about it?
No.
Come on..
Yes I talked to mom. No, please don't tell her anything. I did check everywhere but I thought I'd ask you once. Maybe I forgot by mistake.
Alright. Okay. How could it be? Its weird.
Mahnoor. Why are you so worried? Things get lost. This doesn't mean you should disturb yourself.
No. Had I lost something of mine, I wouldn't have been so worried. But if was the first gift you gave me after our wedding.
I didn't even wear it once.
Mahnoor is that gift more important for you or me?
We'll not discuss this again. Maybe I find it and even if I don't. Its alright.
You're already worried about aunty since so many days and now this.
I just want to see you similing. This is the most valuable thing for me.
Please sit down.
I sent aunty's report to my friend. He knows a very good cardiologist. He will get an appointment and tell me.
Don't worry. He'll be a good doctor.
Thank you.
Mom? Should I ask you something?
What if Mahir took Mahnoor's chain?
What nonsense is this? Is my child a thief?
Why would he steal his jewelry?
But you did say that Mahir took money from your wallet earlier.
Yes. He took money from his mother's wallet. Even you do that.
I have never took money from your wallet without asking you. As it is, Mahir has lied to you about the money earlier as well.
And if you remember, he took the scholarship fee..
Alright.
But I don't believe Mahir can do such a thing. If he wanted to steal, he could steal my jewelry and,
Mahnoor's drawer is locked and she has the keys.
But perhaps he found the keys and opened it. I don't believe it mom. Please ask him once. I have my doubts about Mahir.
That's because. You're always against him.
You're always fighting.
Mom he's the one who starts the fight.
Whatever it is. I'll ask him myself. Don't mention it in front of Mahnoor and Faraz.
What if he is not at fault and they hold him accountable. I don't think she lost her jewelry. She'll just creating a drama.
She wants us embarrassed in front of Faraz..
So this means they know about the lost chain and Aima is instigating mom against me.
If I bring the bike home, they'll doubt me. I'll park the bike at Zayan's house. I'll bring it over when things settle down.
Give this file to Mahnoor mam and I'll discuss the rest with her myself.
Mr. Faraz?
You still refer to her as mam. She's your wife now. Call her with her name, now.
Although you don't have a concern with it but I will call her mam because she's the boss of this department.
Mr. Faraz wives boss at home as well.
And if you don't listen to them, they'll make our lives hell.
Mr. Faraz must be an ideal husband. He keeps saying yes mam in the office and it wouldn't be difficult for him to do the same at home.
Mr. Faraz, does your Mahnoor mam scold you at home?
Faraz..
Have you had lunch?
No I'm working on a file, I'll have lunch later.
All of them have had lunch. Lunch time is over now. Lets have lunch and you can work on this file later.
Alright.
Lets go.
I asked you for the details for the requirement capacity, I still haven't received it.
Mam I'm working on that file.
I have to discuss the plan with the GM after lunch. I need it withing 15 minutes. Do you understand what I'm saying?
Yes mam. 
Focus on your work.
Yes tell me Ramsha. What is it?
I wanted to apologize. I couldn't go for lunch with you.
You know my sister was calling me. My mom isn't well and your plan was disturbed because of me.
You're right but I didn't cancel my plan because of you.
I went with Arooba. You know she and I enjoyed a lot. We had a lot of fun. By the way, tell me one thing.
If you be scared of your sister and brother in law all your life, how will you have fun?
Anyways the important thing is that Arooba gave me a perfume with an amazing fragrance.
Gift? For what? Was there any occasion?
Oh, you don't need an occasion to gift anything to your friends.
Arooba keeps gifting me one thing or the other. I'll show you if you ever come home.
You're home dear.
Hello mom.
Hello. Did Mahnoor went to her mother's house today?
Not at all.
She is in the office. Actually our senior officers have come. They'll go back tonight so there was an emergency meeting.
All the managers and senior management needed to be present.
Its weird isn't it. The husband is home from work and the wife has no time to return.
Mom, the job is a job. I too come late at times. You have to stay back.
Such a job can go to hell.
Jobs that don't allow people to give time to home or look after their husbands.
In fact I'd say tell her to quit her job and sit at home. As it is, how would it look in the office,
that you keep calling your wife mam. Husbands have a certain stature. It looks so bad when a husband has his head bowed down in front of his wife.
Mom you know I'm not one of those men who suppress their wives because they are the husbands.
Had she not been my boss, I would have respected her the same.
And, secondly, I'll never ask her to leave her job. Its not because its benefiting me but because this is her career.
In fact its her wish if he wants to continue her job or leave it.
I don't think I should interfere in this. And please don't discuss anything with her.
You keep my mouth locked.
Don't say this or that to Mahnoor. Alright, I'm not saying anything to anyone.
Everybody can do as they please. I'm not bothered. I'll get dinner ready for you.
Where are you going?
Didn't I tell you, I had dinner, that why I came home to change.
I'll come with you.
Its a business community lunch not a home event.
Till when will you come home?
Why are you inquiring so much?
No. I was just asking for dinner.
Don't wait up if I get late.
And don't call me.
Yes mom? Did you call me?
Yes I did.
Tell me.
Sit down.
Yes?
Mahnoor's gold chain is missing. Have you seen it somewhere?
Umm. No.
Are you sure?
See Mahir, don't embarrass me.
Mom why would I get you embarrassed? I'm not at home as it is, how would I know where something is?
You're never home and you don't know what is needed at home.
Mom, I cannot leave studies and sit at home.
Dear its not that. Be at home sometimes.
Give some less time to your friends and spend time with family.
Mom, I see my friends for combine studies. I need to get another scholarship.
Mahir, if you get the scholarship this time, do let me know.
Otherwise I'll tell Faraz you lied last time.
 Why do you threaten me with this everytime. I should just go see Faraz myself and tell him the truth.
Have some shame. He's your elder brother. If he stops giving you money, what will you do?
Don't threaten me with this again and again.
Mom, I have a friend. He is selling his bike. Its old but worth it. If I get the scholarship I'll ask brother for the fee and buy that bike.
That's it..
This boy has lost his mind.
How are you feeling now aunt?
Its a lot better than before.
That's good. Here's your money.
Thank you dear.
By the way I did give you the expenses for this month. What do you need the money for?
Dear, we spent a little too much. Ramsha needed some money.
I have already told you to keep the expenses in check, aunt.
You do know you have very little income for the past few months. You have sold your shop and there are no tenants in the house.
I did tell you to get that house renovated but you didn't listen to me. I think we should sell that house.
But Saqlain, why do we need to sell it?
Its empty. It'll be run down in some time. If we sell it right now, we'll get good money.
Mom, he's right. When we are not getting anything out of it, why should we just keep it?
Areeba is right. Its empty and getting run down. I have to bear its expenses and pay all the bills.
I have a lot of responsibilities, what more can I do? If you sell it now, you'll get good money and put the money in your bank account. You can give your daughters their share later.
By the way, this is just a suggestion. Its your decision.
You're right. I find the idea appealing.
Alright, we'll sell the house and give Mahi and Areeba their share and open a bank account for Ramsha. She can use the money for her wedding.
Alright.
Please have your tea.
Do you want to order something else?
No. This is enough.
You eat very less. I think you're dieting.
No I do eat this much. This much food is enough. Why do I need to diet?
By the way, you do need to diet. Have you not seen Arooba? She's so fit and smart. 
Aren't you a little too impressed by Arooba?
I mean, I think she's very clever. She is such a shrew.
No. She isn't a shrew. She's very innocent. She's my best friend that is why I like her very much.
I don't get inspired by people so easily but Arooba has impressed me.
Hmm. Waiter, get the bill. Thank you.
Okay.
Oh. I don't have my wallet in my pocket.
It must have fallen somewhere. Maybe in the mall only.
Maybe.
I'll pay the bill. Its nothing.
No. Its not about the bill.
So? 
I had to shop. My entire plan is destroyed.
I don't know what will happen?
You should go check for your wallet.