The necklace that you gifted me on our anniversary was robbed by the robbers too.
Areeba! I'll get ten more necklaces for you but my first priority is your safety.
What else!
I'm happy that Mahnoor's deposit is safe.
I cannot understand one thing!
How did they already know that we have 2.5 million rupees in a cupboard.
Yes Saqlain! Areeba is right.
I think someone leaked this information.
Leaked it?
Yes! They knew that there is cash in the house.
They also knew that the cash is in your cupboard.
I think that the person who leaked such information is someone really close to you! Someone whom you know too.
Only the contractor knew that I have cash in my house! He was the only one who was trying to dodge me by not receiving his payment from a week.
I think he is the one behind it.
Fine! We should quickly file a complaint in the police.
You should also tell the police that you suspect that contractor too.
Robber might get caught!
Yes Saqlain! Do as she says.
Sure! I'll report tomorrow.
Tomorrow? It'll be late to report tomorrow.
If you delay the report to police, you are making it hard for the police to investigate.
We should quickly inform the police.
Shouldn't we?
Sure!
Mahnoor! You know very well about the investigations of police and how quick they catch the robbers.
See Areeba's condition right now. She is so stressed!
If I call the police here for inquiry, she'll get more upset.
My house got robbed! You should not be the one to worry about it.
Don't worry! I'll handle it. Please sit down.
Please don't worry darling.
Let it go! You should thank god that you are safe.
Control yourself! We are here for you.
Sir! What happens by taking your complain back? More rumors get built up like this.
Everybody is discussing that there is an affair between Mahnoor and Faraz.
It is fine that you don't really care that the company faced embarrassment! Does Mahnoor care about her embarrassment?
A girl should specially keep such stuff private when she is already roaming around with the label of divorcée.
I'm just talking about something that's already famous about you. Your story of divorce is the center of attraction in this office.
Doesn't Mahnoor care about her self respect that she has an affair with her colleague. She cares about her career only! She doesn't feel embarrassed.
Sister! I'm getting goosebumps by just imagining the robbers. They entered Areeba's house.
But how would they know about the amount of cash that's in the house?
This means that they were good planners and well informed. Right?!
Planners are those who sent them! They inform them with the details of the house.
You are right!
 Judging Saqlain's facial expressions and emotions! Why do I feel like it was not a surprise for him?
He was delaying the report to police too.
There is something that I cannot understand and ignore at the same time.
Faraz! What happened son?
Mother! I want to talk to you about something important.
Is it about your job?
No! Everything is fine about my job.
Then what? You look worried! Tell me.
No! I'm not worried. I was just pushing myself to take a step and I have decided to take it.
About what?
I have decided to marry Mahnoor!
Mahnoor?
Who complained against you to the police?
That was a misunderstanding! It got clear and she took a stand for me.
Today people are talking bad about her because she chose to support me.
There's a reason when people talk bad about her! We were embarrassed due to a lie and now this.
There was a great proposal for Aima, and they rejected afterwards because...
Mother! Aima will get married to someone great and loving. She is young right now and studying.
You are worrying about her too early.
I just want you to take my proposal  for Mahnoor to her house and talk to them.
Talk to her mother about our marriage.
What happened? Didn't you sleep properly?
I'm just haunted by thinking that if they didn't find the cash...
Nothing happened!
I mean that I know it's very traumatic!
I should have listened to you and secured that amount in a bank! It's my fault.
Listen!
You should file a report in a police station.
Why do you act like Mahnoor?
I'll file a report! It's my problem to handle, not yours.
You can also watch the actions of police afterwards. Now go and make breakfast for me.
I'll stop at a police station before going to my office.
Najma!
Najma!
Yes ma'am!
Is the breakfast ready?
Yes it is!
Tea?
Tea is not ready yet.
Get it ready!
I told you not to call me!
You've started to call me in the morning like lunatics.
Listen to me carefully.
If you don't listen! You'll be responsible.
Right now! I don't want something bad to occur in my life.
What happened?
Are you alright? Who are you scolding?
It's my staff from Hyderabad!
I just told them everything at night and they called me again.
Everybody is a fool! I'll have to kick them.
It's not good to be angry in the morning.
Come! Your breakfast is ready.
Sure! Lets do breakfast together.
Sir I just want that nobody should criticize Mahnoor.
I've been worried the whole night.
Areeba looked scared when she left.
I should call and ask her about her health.
Mother! Areeba is courageous.
I mean if I saw a gun in the hand of the robbers! I would've passed out at the spot.
Robberies nowadays are on hike. May god protect us.
Mahi!
Yes!
What are you thinking? Why are you not eating?
Mother! She is thinking about the robbery in Areeba's home. She hasn't slept the whole night.
Its obvious! Areeba lost her jewelery worth millions in the robbery.
I'm amazed that so much happened and Saqlain didn't even complain to the police.
Darling! What will police do about it? Everyone is involved in such activities.
You mean that when their house got robbed, Saqlain thought that the robbers and police were involved together?
But when he had to falsely accuse Faraz! He trusted the police.
I'm amazed!
Where are you going?
What? You know well where I go everyday.
Eat your breakfast properly.
I've done it! I'm gonna go now. Goodbye!
What's with her?
She didn't eat her dinner properly last night, and now she left for her office without eating her breakfast.
There's something else going on inside her mind. She is hiding something that she is worried about.
It might be!
Faraz told me something weird!
If you ask me the truth. I'm not happy with this proposal.
Mother! You should not go to their home then! Deny to Faraz about this proposal. He'll surely listen to you and do everything according to your saying.
I don't understand a thing mother. Why are you not happy?
I can't understand what's going on too.
I thought that I'll get you married first.
It was such a great proposal! Lost our chance.
Just because of that Mahnoor, we had to go through some disrespect.
Whatever! Faraz wants to marry her now.
What? Faraz wants to marry Mahnoor?
Maheer! What's there to laugh about?
Tell me that is this Faraz's wish or Mahnoor wants it too?
Faraz told me to take his proposal to their house.
It's obvious that theres something between them.
I cannot believe that Mahnoor is interested in Faraz.
Mother! If it is like that. You should go to her house and approve this proposal.
Have you seen her living standard? She earns more than Faraz.
It seems like that the family background is solid. It would be great for us.
Don't deny.
Thank you!
Mention not!
Did you say something?
No!
Actually I want to talk about something personal to you.
Faraz! I'm busy right now.
Yes! I can see that you're busy.
It won't be that long!
Faraz! I think you didn't listen that I'm busy right now.
In office! You should talk to me about things related to our work. Nothing personal.
You may leave now! Thank you.
Yes!
What is this?
Sir! You told me to get the payment of 2.5 million rupees ready. It's the check for it.
Yes! I told you.
My whole planning went to waste.
I hope I could scold Areeba on her such foolish act. I don't know yet that she saw me alone or with her.
If she had seen me with her. She would've talked to me about it.
Mahnoor!
Yes!
Office time is over! We are not in the office anymore so I want to talk to you about something personal!
I've decided to marry you.
I think that to shut people's mouth and help you with the situation, this is the only way.
Soon I'll bring my mother to your house.
To talk about our marriage! If you want to reject the proposal, you may reject it on the spot. There's nobody forcing you.
Faraz! Faraz listen to me.
How should I tell him that this cannot happen?
I told you that I'm in Hyderabad! I'm in a meeting in office. If you don't trust me, you can video call me.
How are you Nimra? I'm also doing great.
Listen! You were telling me about your cousin that she is expecting a baby after 10 years.
Can you tell me about her gynecologist.
Sure! I'm looking forward to changing my gynecologist too.
I want to visit some other doctor. There might be a miracle in my life too.
I'll be waiting for you.
Goodbye!
Everything I saw was true! It was not a misunderstanding.
It happened because I didn't give birth. If that's not the reason.
Was it really a misunderstanding?
I should think everything according to the situation, before I become a burden on Saqlain.
I should make him happy by giving birth.
How should I stop him?
Greetings!
Darling! You came home and didn't even meet me? You sitting here by yourself.
Mother! I had an important call. I would've came after it.
I know Mahi that you are worried.
I'm sorry that I cannot do anything.
What ever happened! What ever is happening! I don't have the power to control it.
You can surely help the situations to get settled, by getting married.
You can work wherever you want to after your marriage!
Your husbands name will be there with you so nobody will ever talk bad about you.
You should think about my statement.
The proposal that Saqlain shared is really great.
You haven't eaten anything from the morning, right? I'll tell Salma to get your lunch ready. You should get fresh.
I didn't know that he'll suddenly start to behave like a stranger.
Yes!
Why don't you study properly? You should focus on your studies.
We need good marks! Sure! My sister just came.
I don't know what's his reason of being mad at me.
Aunt! I cannot find time to maintain those shops properly.
I have my own business too so that's why there are so many things to look after.
Whatever! Tell me about your health.
It's better than before.
How are you?
Fine! What about you?
Saqlain! Did you find out something about the robbery? You wouldn't have complained about it to the police.
It's not like that!
I've complained about it to the police? I've placed the contractor in the suspecting list.
Police is performing their duty. We'll know about it soon.
That's great! If you go in loss, it's the same for us.
At least we should get to know about the one who was involved in the robbery.
You are right! How is your office?
Is everything fine there?
Everything is fine in the office! I've fixed everything.
You know it.
Ma'am! There are some guests for Mahnoor.
Mahi's guests?
Did you invite anyone?
Mother! 
Greetings!
Greetings!
Mother! this is Faraz who works with me in the office and this is his mother.
Please get seated. Salma! Get the tea ready.
Please come. Come!
Here.
Why did you guys come?
As Mahnoor told that both Mahnoor and Faraz work together, so I've came here with the proposal of my son Faraz for Mahnoor.
You think that Mahnoor is that cheap?
That she'll get married to your son Faraz?
And we would allow her?
I cannot even believe that why would you think coming here without knowing about your status.
Will he marry my sister?
You've come here with the proposal of such a low class boy.
Areeba please! Have you forgotten the way to behave with the guests?
You have to treat guests according to their status.
He is a harasser! A disrespectful guy! If you had taken an action against him. He would've never dared to come to this house.
We have no interest in your son's proposal.
We have already decided a groom for Mahnoor!
Faraz wait!
Aunt please sit down!
I'm asking! Please.
I'm sorry aunt for the behavior of my family.
Saqlain! Who told you to decide my future?
Mother! I told you that Saqlain should not get involved in my marriage.
Mahi?
You wanted me to get married. Now I'm ready to get married.
I have a deal that you won't reject their proposal.
I'll marry him only! No one else.
Saqlain wait!
Areeba!
I want to apologize to you guys.
Mother! Drink some water.
Add some poison in it for me, so that I can die peacefully.
Why are you so angry? Did some fight occur?
I went through a lot of disrespect today.
They disrespected me so much that I should have died before going there.
Mahnoor and her mother apologized to you!
What about her sister and brother in law?
Did you forget there behavior?
They disrespected us so much as if we were their old enemies.
This means that they rejected?
It would've been so great if they had rejected.
But that Mahnoor stood up and said that I'll only marry Faraz.
Her mother forcefully approved.
I faced so much disrespect! I won't ever forget and would never forgive.
I won't ever forgive. If they are rich, what do they think of themselves? That they can say or do whatever they want to.
They have the respect of the whole world? What do they think of themselves? Don't we deserve respect?
Mother! Drink some water.
I know that you are mad at me and don't want to look at me.
But I'll soon leave this house.
You won't see my face again.
You kept lying to me?
You broke my trust and lied to me that you don't meet Faraz and you are not related to him.
I never lied to you about it and I never broke your trust.
You should trust me that before today, I had no relation with Faraz except colleague.
Why are you marrying him?
Come here.
One day I had to marry someone, right? You said it yourself that if I get my husbands name as my surname, it'll shut people's mouth.
Mahi! Faraz doesn't deserve you. Why him?
We cannot decide that who deserves who.
I thought that I deserved Wasay!
I thought he would help me.
What did he do? He didn't even take a stand for me.
And Ashir! You chose him for me?
What did he do? He took a revenge from me for his insult.
I can't even call him a man.
Saqlain told me that he is not a nice guy and people are talking about his first marriage.
They judge to quick! They think of me the same way.
That Wasay was the reason for my divorce. I had a relation with him.
You know it very well that this ain't the truth.
Let these people talk.
We know the truth.
I don't know that Faraz is good or bad! I just know that he is trying to protect me and he respects me.
I think theres no better way to shut people's mouth.
If Faraz wants to respectfully marry me, what's the big deal in it?
Please! You should understand me.