Congratulations. We at least have this one good news amongst all the stress.
What good news?
Mahnoor has got a car from her office.
Wow. Congratulations dear.
Mahnoor's colleague, Faraz, the one that gave you a lift,
he's a very nice boy. He just got the car from the showroom and came to drop it home.
We don't find such nice people anywhere.
You were saying something was bothering you.
sister Areeba is worried too and even mom.
Yes, we are worried.
What happened brother Saqlain?
Mahnoor do you remember I wanted to discuss something with you since long.
I did come to talk to you but circumstances didn't allow.
Secondly, I was trying to handle it myself.
What is it that cannot be solved without discussing with me?
Actually its about the shop you own.
Do you remember the tenant wasn't paying the rent and,
I filed a case against him to get it.
The decision was announced around two and a half months back.
And what was it?
That we have to sell the shop because he has been there for ten years and has an established business
or that we can take a fixed amount of rent only.
I was thinking rather than spoiling matters further, we should sell the shop.
Mom that thug is very dangerous.
He has been harassing him and threatening him. I've asked him to sell him for less money.
God forbid, if he does something to him then what?
God forbid dear.
I wanted to appeal against him aunt
but Areeba said it would only waste time and money.
That's why I was forced to strike a deal for that shop for 5 million.
Only 5 million?
Yes because he is only giving 5 million.
Although the market value of that shop is worth 20 million at least. But...
But still, instead of two million you sold it for 5 million.
I have to agree you're a great businessman for finding such a solution.
Congratulations mom. Brother Saqlain took our problem to his own head
and sold our shop worth 20 million for 5 million only.
Now you and I don't have to worry about anything because he solves all our problem.
Had brother Saqlain not been there, what would become of us?
If brother Saqlain is with us, we'll be on the road soon.
Wait. Why are you blaming my husband?
If you can do something, do it.
In fact leave your job and go run to the courts and lawyers.
In fact go and deal with that thug so that you know why did he took up such a big loss.
Areeba what is wrong with you? Mahnoor cannot handle all this.
Courts and proceedings aren't for a woman.
Then she should shut up.
My husband isn't a sacrificial goat.
He shouldn't be killed for your problem.
There wasn't any big problem. Brother Saqlain escalated the matters himself.
We could have solved the issue with a discussion. He had never bothered us anyway.
This is brother Saqlain that took matters as a blow to his ego and then went to court.
He could discuss with mom and solve everything.
Its still not late.
If aunt wants to talk to him, she should go.
He might listen to her. Or maybe you could go.
If you can save the shop, you should.
How can Mahi argue with a thug?
And he has been threatening Saqlain constantly and this is Mahi..
You're underestimating Mahnoor, aunt.
Mahnoor knows how to handle men. I've seen her in the office how she handles fifty men under her.
In fact they can do personal tasks for her as well.
Alright Mahnoor, I'll cancel the deal. Go and talk to him.
brother Saqlain for God's sake don't leave anything to Mahnoor.
She cannot handle anything and it will bring us more problem.
Saqlain do as you have decided.
If this loss is in our fate, we would bear it anyhow.
Just rid us and yourself of him.
And since this is Mahi's inheritance, transfer the money to Mahi's account.
Alright, as you say.
The money is Mahnoor's. I'll transfer in her account, as soon as I get them.
Did you see Mahnoor's car?
Yes I did. I caught a glimpse.
Do you know who dropped the car?
The boy Faraz who is her colleague and who used to give her lift till the bus stop.
Either Mahnoor is very informal with him or she is very close friends with him.
How could an assistant manager behave like a chauffeur?
I am angry at her. She blames you so easily for everything.
It is a big loss Areeba.
It is a loss and we're upset as well. We didn't do anything deliberately.
I know.
Rather than escalating matters further, its best to sell the shop.
I was forced to strike a deal for 5 million.
Mom is saying come and eat.
I'm not hungry.
Alright.
Wait. Come and sit here.
Do you not believe me anymore?
Why have you started to side with brother Saqlain now.
You showed me down again today.
This is a battle between you and brother Saqlain and I don't want to be a part of it.
Initially I thought he was wrong and you were right but now anymore.
This is your personal problem and I was the one who suffered always.
Did you not feel the huge loss we incurred?
I am sad but mom said you should be hurt the most because the shop is yours.
What difference does it make?
No matter whether it belongs to you or me,
what worries me is that the rent paid for our finances and our needs.
But...
So what if we don't get the rent from one shop. We'll not become beggars. We have more as well.
Now go and tell mom yourself if you're not coming for dinner or else she'll keep sending me.
You don't know Ramsha.
Today he sold this shop for a loss and tomorrow he'll bring up another loss. If we don't stop him,
he will definitely make us beg very soon.
Here. This is the file that you need to show your mother in law.
This shows the shop has been sold for 5 million.
This is the draft in Mahnoor's name. The rest of the amount,
Mushtaq has made the draft in your name.
But tell me Mr. Saqlain, whats the rush?
Tell me when will this money be transferred in my account?
Haven't you become a little too greedy?
Sir, you earned 10 million without even trying and that too because of me.
This is my right, isn't it?
Hmm. This is your share.
The draft?
Now tell me where should we invest this money in?
Should we start a business or invest in property?
Yes we should buy some property.
Now your father in law purchased his shops for nothing and today they're worth millions.
The place is so feasible, they'll be sold easily.
You're a sensible man.
This is why you're still with me.
My pleasure sir and thank you for this.
Hello? Yes this is Mahnoor and I talked about the case.
Yes. No. This cannot be.
The shop is sold now but I just want the case history and the basis of the ruling.
Yes. I'll send you an email soon. Thank you. Yes Mr. Faraz?
What is the progress?
I wanted to tell you we've started the construction on our new project.
Good. I want you to be in touch with the planning because its now our responsibility.
Don't worry. I'm monitoring it properly.
By the way did you start to learn driving?
No. I'm managing with a driver for now. I don't get time to learn driving these days.
You look worried since a few days. You were talking about a case.
If you find it suitable you can share with me. I might be able to help you.
Actually my father had some property but the court sold it and I don't know what basis it was sold on.
My brother in law handles everything.
But I wanted to handle everything myself because this way we'll lose everything gradually.
I contacted the lawyer for that.
I have a solution for this.
Usually property dealers have an idea about the amount the property nearby was sold for. We can contact a few.
If you want, I'll come with you and talk to them. Or I can find out myself and tell you.
Hmm..
Whatever you think is fine. Do let me know.
I have confirmed from four estate agents here
and none of them said it was sold for a loss. Everybody said it went for a good price.
Its value is worth over ten millions. You've been lied to.
I thought so. Even if the court had auctioned it, it wouldn't have gone for so less.
You understand everything then why did you ask someone to handle your property.
You can still handle your decisions.
Sometimes one has to be quiet even after knowing everything.
Even if I raise this issue, I don't have any proof.
Did brother Mushtaq tell you how much he sold the shop for? He's my father's old friend.
He respected dad a lot. When he needed a job, dad gave him the shop to help him and now he's cheating on us.
But oh well, I cannot do anything even when I know the truth. I'll have to be quiet.
How did you like it?
Its beautiful. Very nice.
How can it be that I don't like what you get me?
Do you know this is what I like about you. You trust my choice.
Your choice is very nice.
By the way, what is the happy occasion?
Just like that. I liked it and bought it for you.
If you want you can think of it as an anniversary present.
Oh yes. I forgot. Our wedding anniversary. I was thinking the gift I bought for you..
Who is calling? Hello?
Yes?
Okay. Who was with her? I mean what was the name?
Faraz.
Okay I'll look into it. Bye.
Who was that?
Mushtaq. The one we sold the shop to.
So why is he calling now?
Mahnoor went to him to find out how much did he purchase the shop for.
The interesting thing is her colleague Faraz was with her.
The entire day, the went to different estate agents to find out if I had taken money from this deal.
But Mushtaq satisfied her.
Mahnoor is so stupid.
She goes out with strangers and is inquiring about you.
If he had told her something wrong, would she have accepted it.
This is what she wants.
She wants a lead to blame me.
The way she is roaming around with Faraz,
I feel she takes him to be his family and not us.
Oh well. Call your mother and tell her. She should know what is Mahnoor up to.
You're right. I'll call mom and tell her right away.
Yes, I'll ask her when she gets home. Don't be angry. I'll ask her.
Bye.
Hello.
What are you doing?
What did I do?
You went to Mushtaq to find out how much did he sale the shop for?
Yes. So this has reached brother Saqlain already.
I didn't know that the two of them were so close.
Don't you feel ashamed? What will he think that we're trying to go behind his back
Mom, such disloyal people shouldn't really be judging us.
Listen. I met two three estate agents and all of them said...
Who is Faraz? You keep roaming around with him. Saqlain was telling me that..
he dropped you here last night as well.
I don't know why is brother Saqlain always lying to you about me.
You make me the culprit and try to inquire from me.
For God's sake mom, stop trusting brother Saqlain so much.
He will eventually throw us in a big ditch.
What benefit does he have in this? He wants the good for us.
It is for his benefit. I know very well.
I asked people around and everybody said that the shop was sold for good money
but brother Saqlain said he didn't get a good amount.
Oh well. Even after knowing everything we'll be quiet because its all for sister Areeba.
brother Saqlain has caused us enough harm.
We cannot do anything about him therefore its no use digging up old graves.
But mom, please. Understand a bit at least.
Move. Move. Give me space.
How many marks did you get?
Whatever I can see.
Move. Let me see.
Yes.
I think he has marked us incorrectly.
How can this be? My exam went so good.
Wow Mahir. Good job bro. Your scholarship is confirmed. Now treat us.
Anytime bro.
This Mahir bunks all classes and he'll get the scholarship.
He's very intelligent.
You cannot compete with him. He's the favorite of all the teachers. Didn't you see?
Everybody is surrounding him. They all ask him for help.
I'd say we should ask him for help in the next semester as well.
Hmm.. We'll have to do something of this sort.
What would I tell home about my result? Sister Mahnoor is the problem. Mom won't even know.
sister Mahnoor will come and question me.
What are you thinking? Don't you want to go home? Come.
All praise to the Lord. May God save my son from the evil eyes.
I really believed you would make me proud one day.
Thank you.
Faraz did you see? My child topped his class in this semester.
Oh wow. Congratulations.
By the way, Faraz
didn't you say I didn't study. Had I not studied would I get such marks? Not at all.
Of course.
You get marks when you work hard. Nobody just awards you marks.
This is all because you worked hard my child.
Work hard like this in the future so that you would get a good job.
Yes.
Then you will share your brother's burden.
Brother, have you arranged for the fee because I have to submit it by next week?
Yes. I have money for your fee. I've arranged for your fee.
Yes. Thank you. Thank you so much.
I will use that money to have fun.
I'll hang out with my friends and go visit the northern areas during vacations.
This semester is now free because of the scholarship but why do I need to tell them?
I will not let the money I get to go. Mom' I'll leave now.
Okay.
You have learned to drive well. I just saw. Who did you learn from? From Faraz?
No. From the driver. I hired the driver for this reason.
And another thing brother Saqlain, Faraz is my colleague. Don't take his name with me and make our relationship, suspicious.
Only you can make it suspicious.
You went with him to find a proof against me to prove me wrong.
You're right. I didn't find any proof but I did catch your lie.
But I'm amazed that you're still very adamant about what you're doing.
You're still standing tall in front of me when you should be ashamed.
This stiffness in your neck will be broken soon and then I'll be ashamed.
I'll make you fall at my feet, you'll see.
My grade point is so low. If my sister finds out, she'll destroy me.
Yes.
Ramsha?
I'll call you later.
Yes?
You're result was expected today?
Yes I have my result.
But you didn't share your grades or your marks. Tell me.
Actually.. I,
my result didn't come good this time. I got 2 grade point.
What does this mean?
This is why I ask you to focus on your studies. But you spend time with your friends or this phone.
I do study.
Our university didn't give marks to anybody.
The guy who stood first in class is every teacher's favorite, that's why he got good grades.
What nonsense is this? Teachers don't have a favorite and if they do, its because they're good at studies.
I don't understand what to tell you. Tell me. 
You go to the university but nobody holds any personal grudges against you that they'll not give you good marks.
 I've gone through this as well.
You're right. I didn't study or focus on my studies. You should do one thing.
You should slit my throat and then you'll be at peace.
What is wrong Ramsha? Nobody slits throats if you get less marks. 
I'm just trying to make you to understand to study.
You had such good marks in the college because you focused on your studies.
 If you focus now as well, you'll get good marks again.
And if you don't understand anything, ask me for help. I'll guide you. I'm your elder sister.
I asked your for a proposal for Aima but you didn't show me.
I do have a proposal for Aima.
Do you know they're good people and the boy has a good job as well but
but what?
 they the girl's brother to marry the boy's sister?
Yes, like Faraz could marry their daughter and their son could marry Aima.
Really? Tell me more about the girl and the picture.
The girl is very pretty.
Girl?
She looks rather aged.
No she's only 35.
35 years? My Faraz is only 30. There's no match.
You look for matches when getting married for the first time.
When getting married for the second time, you just have to compromise. 
Step outside and see what people are saying about Faraz.
Everybody is a witness that your daughter in law would shout and plead everyday.
See, this girl is very nice and simple. Her first husband was very rude to her.
Tell me. He threw her out with a small child.
She is a divorcee and has a child as well.
If you be so choosy, forget that you're getting a daughter in law.
Don't judge your daughter in law through a telescope. 
Be thankful that you'll find any.
Tell me, don't you want a good son in law? Someone who earns well.
Yes.
Then her brother is at a very good position.
They have a car and house given by the government. 
They just want the girl's brother to marry their daughter. That's it.
Think about it. They're good people.
Wow. Thank you.
Get us tea as well.
Thank you.
Wow. This is strong tea. By the way Mr. Faraz,
I think you should get married now.
Yes Mr. Faraz whats done is done. Forget and move on.
Of course. How long will you wear shirts with broken button?
Now we don't know whether Faraz's wife will know how to put in buttons because my wife doesn't.
The truth is, she doesn't even know how to make round flatbreads.
If she cannot make round flatbreads be thankful that she at least makes them. 
That's what you should worry about.
This is right.
We don't marry for this reason. Its for the companionship.
Yes. My first experience was rather bad but,
I'm scared of failing another time.
But don't you worry.
I've learned how to put in buttons myself.
Its not that difficult.
Of course.
Sir all my best wishes for you.
Thank you. For you as well. Go do your work now.
Yes sir, we are working. Thank you.
This is a cheque for 10 million, aunt.
10 million. Whose money is it?
My savings and some I took out from the business.
But why are you giving this to me, dear?
The loss you incurred in the deal, I want to compensate for it.
Mahnoor is asking everyone the price of the shop.
What was the actual price of the shop?
Oh well, no matter what the shop was sold for, Mahnoor should get her share.
For God's sake, stop this.
Mahnoor is bad mouthing me everywhere. How many people will I clarify things to?
The deal didn't benefit me in any way.
I didn't even keep even a single penny.
I can't even think such a thing Saqlain dear.
Its not possible aunt.
It cannot be that you'll not listen to the accusations Mahnoor makes. 
You'll hear them out at least once.
You would have doubted me.
I just want to drive your doubts away.
No Saqlain I can never doubt you. You're like my own blood.
You cannot deceive me dear. 
As far is the money is concerned, are our relationships based on money?
Money and property are the grass roots of arguments.
If you start believing what Mahnoor says,
I cannot see myself embarrassed in front of you.
Please give this to Mahnoor.
And after today..
Don't say this Saqlain, if you're hurt by what Mahi said, I'll apologize on her behalf.
Why are you making me a sinner?
 I should apologize to you.
Had that argument not risen,
Let everything be. Keep this check please I'll not take it back.
No I cannot keep this Saqlain. This is your hard earned money.
Mahi, apologize to Saqlain and give him this check back.
She has accused me without any proof.
I had no other option.
I said something Mahi.
Didn't you hear me? Why are you quiet? Apologize.
But mom...
Do as I said. That's it.
Keep this money, brother Saqlain.
Its the same whether you incur a loss or we do.
And whatever I've accused you for, for that,
I'm sorry.