What need was there to be so rude?
What is the matter?
Mahnoor...
what were you thinking when you were disrespecting my husband?
I did not disrespect him. I just asked him a question.
Why did you ask that question?
Who gave you the right to ask him questions?
Mother might have involved him in matters of our property,
but that doesn't mean that we can't question him on it.
A few days ago a girl came to my office and told me that the rent of our house is being increased.
But brother Saqlain never mentioned it to us.
Have some shame!
You're asking for an account from a person who brings gifts for you all daily.
He remembers every occasion linked to this house.
He's the one who spends money on the birthdays of you two
He pays for the bills of this house. He does the groceries for this house and even pays the fees for your university and her college.
Enough sister...
Brother Saqlain never spent a penny out of his pocket on us.
I know very well where the rent collected from our houses and shops goes.
Maybe you're forgetting that he isn't your servant, he's my husband.
And all of you are not his responsibility.
He does all this because you guys are my family. He does it for my happiness.
And you want to ruin my home.
What are you saying? I can never think of doing that.
I don't need explanations.
You will call him right now and apologize.
He has left me here.
Lord knows if he'll come back for me or not.
Don't worry my dear. He's angry right now.
Mahi will apologize, don't worry.
Sister Mahnoor, why were you so straightforward with brother Saqlain?
We had already said so much to him jokingly.
You have no idea how bad this will get and sister Areeba will make our life a living hell.
I think that you should apologize to brother Saqlain.
Not at all. I will not apologize to him. That is my final decision.
What happened? Did you talk to Saqlain?
He's not picking up.
All of this is because of Mahnoor.
Areeba, listen to me. Where are you going?
Areeba, listen to me. Wait...
Pick up your phone.
Call Saqlain right now and apologize to him!
But sister...
I don't want to hear anything. Call him and apologize.
Don't waste time, I want to go back home.
Mahi, can't you hear? She's right. Call Saqlain and apologize to him.
But I haven't done anything that compels me to be ashamed and apologize to him.
Have you no awareness of the disrespect you showed him?
You will apologize to him. Call him...
Otherwise...
Otherwise, what will happen?
Mother...
I don't understand...
When will this veil be lifted off of your eyes? Why can't you see what I'm seeing?
You are the one who can't see straight. Can't you see what you've been doing?
You don't care about relationships nor his respect
All she wants is an account of things
If I didn't care about relationships, I wouldn't have stayed silent all these years, even after knowing so much.
What right has he stolen from you?
He worries for you all day and night. He doesn't think about himself at all.
And you... you didn't show him any respect.
I feel so ashamed. How will I face him?
He should be the one who should be worried about that.
But he has left you here on purpose knowing that he has a blind supporter in this house.
Do you hear her?
Mahi, what do you want?
Can't you see what she wants?
She's planning to ruin my home.
My dear, it isn't like that. I'm talking to her. Call Saqlain and tell him that whatever you said...
was not your intention. You just said it.
I know what I was saying. I intended on saying every word.
And yes... I want to know the overhead expenses of our houses. So that...
I thought you were very smart...
but you turned out to be very selfish.
She is selfish.
She wants everything to go bad.
She wants to hit the final nail...
in the coffin. Then you guys can bury me alive...
Areeba!
sister
Areeba... what is all this Mahi?
Areeba... listen to me...
Hello... Saqlain...
Yes, auntie?
Thank God that you picked up. Areeba has been calling you since last night...
but you haven't been picking up.
With what face should I have picked up?
After the allegations that Mahnoor put on me, with what face should I have talked to Areeba?
Mahnoor is ashamed. She has no idea what she said.
I apologize to you on her behalf.
Why are you making a sinner out of me? You did nothing...
What is your fault in this? Mahnoor is the one who put that allegation on me.
Mahnoor will apologize to you. Just come back home.
Auntie...
If you think of me as your mother, then trust me.
Areeba has cried herself into a mess. Please come home, I promise you...
that neither Mahnoor nor anyone else here will not interfere in your business.
You accepted this responsibility to lessen my burden.
You are not answerable to anyone and no one has the right to question you.
My dear, spit out your anger and visit us in the evening.
How can a son disobey his mother's orders?
I'll come by after work in the evening.
Farewell, my dear. Bless you.
Farewell.
Mahnoor is getting too bold.
I'll have to nip her in the bud,
otherwise, she will destroy years of my hard work.
Greetings*
Tea...
Mahnoor.
I was just talking to Saqlain. He'll come by in the evening and you will apologize to him.
But mother...
No arguments.
This is my order. If you refuse to listen to me...
then I will no longer be your mother.
Should I bring something else?
No, you can leave. Thank you.
Here you go. Have some toast, you haven't eaten anything since last night. Because of you all of us haven't eaten anything as well.
Do one thing, bring me poison, so that I may die and all of you get rid of me.
What are you saying? That was not a good thing to say.
I know how much everyone cares for me.
All of you are selfish and ungracious. The one who does wrong by me...
will suffer as well.
What's the matter with you?
Mother has talked to brother Saqlain...
he is coming in the evening. I will apologize to him...
For you and mother.
You're cursing me being my sister...
but I don't think that there is any woman in this world who would try to ruin her sister's home.
I can never think of doing that.
It would be better if you remove that thought from your heart.
Eat this... she said that she will apologize to brother Saqlain. Here you go.
Come on take it. I'm hungry as well.
Thank God that you remember me.
Why weren't you picking up?
I was busy at home, that's why.
You're at home? I thought you were at university. Because today...
Sister Areeba is here, that's why I couldn't go to university.
This wasn't the first time that Areeba came to visit you.
You never miss your classes over something so small.
I've been sensing that you've been silent for a few days now. I hope everything is right.
Mahnoor, we are close enough...
that you can share your problem with me.
Wasay, I wanted to ask you something.
Do you or your father know anyone who deals in property tax?
Yes.
Definitely. I know I'll find someone.
Are you worried about property tax?
Hi mom...
Wasay, I need to talk to you.
What is it?
I want to talk to you as well.
And what is that?
It's not that important. What do you want to talk about?
So much time has passed and you still haven't finalized anything.
About what?
About your further studies. Have you decided on a university or not?
Mom... I want to stay here for now. I'm enjoying myself doing content writing.
And moving forward I was thinking of doing something with it.
Enough Wasay, that is not something of your level.
If you want to stay here and join your father's office.
This way you'll be able to help him out. I don't know why...
you changed your decision so suddenly. You wanted to go abroad...
There is a reason and I will share it with you very soon...
but I want to talk to dad about something important...
Don't worry.
Auntie, shall I give you some advice?
Marry Hashir. His stubborn nature will be gone then.
Oh really! Now I understand the reason behind you asking me to marry someone.
It's nothing like that. I too want you to get married.
You have made your studies everything, but I realize that you're at an age, where you should get married...
I agree with what Saqlain says. One changes after marriage.
Auntie is right. A man's stubbornness and ego disappear after marriage.
Look at me... Areeba has removed all wrinkles from me.
What remains is an obedient husband.
Anyways... you are way too soft on Areeba.
Not only her, you've cut her mother and her sister a lot of slack as well.
Auntie, what can I do? I have to be this way.
I have to maintain the peace of the house.
Besides, if I don't take care of Areeba's mother and sisters, then who will?
They don't have a man in their lives.
It's big of you to care so much, even though you don't have any children.
By now you should have married someone else.
Mother... this is their personal matter. Why are you interfering?
They must not want a child right now.
It's impossible that one doesn't want children.
That's why I say that my brother's lineage has stopped with him.
How will it move forward? He's the last one.
What should I do?
I don't want to marry someone else and be unjust to Areeba.
Anyways... forget this and tell me when are you coming to visit? It's been a while since you visited.
I'll come by very soon. My entire attention is on finding him a match.
I've shown him so many girls up till now, but he hasn't taken a liking to any one of them.
He will choose one, just don't back off.
It's my wife calling.
Whenever she visits her mother, she calls constantly to see where I am.
Hello... yes Areeba?
I'm on my way.
Alright, farewell.
I'll get going, auntie.
Sure, my dear. May God protect you.
Hashir, come visit me next week.
Aye, aye captain!
Farewell*
I'm sorry brother Saqlain.
Forgive me, I made a mistake.
I...
I didn't want to hurt you.
But, maybe my words were wrong.
You didn't say anything wrong. It's your right to ask questions.
She has no right.
Mother, I am telling you the one last time. Sort her out
He has taken care of you more than he takes care of his family.
Would you guys look nice asking him questions?
What are you saying? They are obviously my family.
And you... you cannot talk to auntie and Mahnoor in this tone.
Please don't do this... do not get mad at Mahnoor because of me.
Do you see the caliber of person he is... and you were suspecting his intentions.
Areeba, people make mistakes.
Mahnoor surely must have made a mistake.
What does she know of my intention?
You're right. To date, I could never get a firm grasp over what your intention is.
Money is greater than humanity.
That's why some people make money their religion.
Because of them, one stops believing in relationships.
Not all people are the same. I pray to God...
that both my daughters are blessed with a kind and caring man like Saqlain.
Amen...
God forbid...
Brother Saqlain I'm grateful to you for respecting my wishes.
No auntie, what are you saying? I was going to come here after work to pick up Areeba.
My time doesn't pass without her.
May God keep the two of you happy.
Amen.
What should I have made for you, for dinner?
Nothing. We'll have tea and then we'll leave.
Tea...
Thank you.
I'm surprised that I had no idea about this.
I'm surprised as well.
You're preparing for CSS. You should know about property tax and the law.
Your brother-in-law is more intelligent than you. Five years ago he had relieved himself of paying any taxes.
Your mother doesn't know anything about that as well.
Mother doesn't even know how much rent comes from where. He manipulated her into signing things.
Anyways... don't stress about it. You can't do anything about it now. Be sure to be careful around that man.
You're right. I feel very helpless and there is no point in sharing this with my family.
He'll start blackmailing again. He could use this as an excuse to leave your sister.
You're right. I decided to stay silent because of this.
Anyways, thank you. I will remember this favor of yours.
This was not a big deal. You don't need to count this as a favor.
Anyone at work would have given you a record of this.
Learn to distinguish between love and favors.
Please... don't say that you don't know how I feel.
It's not like that...
Will you marry me?
Please don't refuse
It was hard for me to ask this question.
Why? Are you scared of me?
I fear your refusal. Otherwise, I am not afraid of anyone.
And... what if I refuse?
Then suicide.
I'll jump in the ocean.
Or in front of the train.
Please...
Don't talk about suicide. No one dies in this world for someone else.
Don't challenge me.
You know that I can do anything for you.
Let me see your hand.
Should I say if you don't take it the wrong way?
What are you saying?
I have never taken anything you said the wrong way.
Areeba, I think all of you should start thinking about Mahnoor's marriage.
She's just two years younger than you.
I can't say anything about that. I've asked mother multiple times, but she told me that she has plans.
I know all of that. But studying more only leads to wayward thoughts. What she said to me was wayward.
She has apologized to you for that, you should forget it as well.
It's not that, I've forgotten everything for you
Try and understand. Mahnoor is different from you. She enforces her will.
In an age where girls are worried about their marriage, she's thinking of doing CSS. What will she do in civil services?
I have no concerns about what she does.
She hurt me that day by being rude to you.
Look... you shouldn't be upset at your sister. She's your sister.
She's my sister but...
But what?
Areeba, I feel afraid...
What if she chooses someone that isn't equal to our standards?
What if she chooses a fraud?
Do you understand what I'm saying?
Talk to auntie about this.
It's very important.
You're right.
I will talk to mother.
Let me see your hand.
Where did you get this ring? Who put it on you? It's pretty and looks expensive as well. Tell me, who gave it to you?
Wasay did...
Wasay, the one in your office?
Yes...
That means soon I'll be rid of you.
After that, I will rule over this house and I will live like a princess.
Wow... when are you getting married?
There is not a wedding in sight and it will remain that way for a long time.
What do you mean by that?
It means that Wasay has just proposed, and he hasn't talked to his family.
He will do that soon. The hardest thing for him was to propose to a girl like you.
They are very rich people and they have a high status.
So what? It's not like we are any less. We have properties as well.
You don't understand. Wasay's father is a big businessman.
So no change.
It's not your headache, let brother Wasay take care of that.
It will be great if you marry in a big home. Brother Saqlain will lose his pride.
He will be bothered by it the most. Mark my words!
What are you saying?
One shouldn't compete with someone over being bad.
Mother wants a son-in-law just like brother Saqlain for us.
Why, what will that achieve?
If she starts seeing his bad side, she will stop taking his side.
That will only make mother feel bad.
And... sister Areeba's house might get ruined as well. Which shouldn't happen.
I was so confident with her. 
I assured her that my family would have no problems.
I'm sure dad will have the same reaction as a mom.
 And if he doesn't I'm sure mom will compel him to listen to her.
I don't know why they're still living in the past century, where all that mattered was family background and status.
A person has no value based on their character.
One thing is settled, if I'll marry someone then that will be Mahnoor.
It's my life and no one will dictate it for me.
I have the desire to see you married. 
You have made your studies everything, but I know that you're at a marrying age.
Mahnoor is seeing dreams bigger than her worth. 
She's having an affair with the son of an industrialist.
Until I'm alive your wishes will not be fulfilled. 
This is an opportunity I was waiting for to avenge myself for my insult.
See what I'll do with you now.
Greetings auntie.
Thank God, how are you? 
Tell me, any updates on finding a match for Hashir?
Has he agreed, or is he still refusing?
Auntie, I was thinking that you should take a look at Mahnoor as well.
I thought of Mahnoor keeping Hashir's nature in mind. 
I don't want a simple woman like auntie falling victim to strange people.
Ask Hashir about her. His decision will be final.
Of course. Farewell.