It seems that brother Saqlain has already given Wasay a character certificate. 
Similarly, he must think of me as characterless as well.
Why mother? Ask him why does he want to marry his cousin to me, a characterless girl?
Silence yourself. What are you saying Areeba? Mahi said that he's a good man.
Are you actually believing her? 
That man is making a fool out of her and you can bet me on that.
He will never bring a proposal for her.
Mother, he will bring a proposal
Mahi...
Sister Mahnoor shall I ask you something?
You shouldn't give up.
 If brother Wasay hadn't proposed to you, then maybe I would have forced you for brother Hashir.
The way brother Saqlain sent sister Areeba, I'm sure he's jealous of his status.
He must have started thinking about the grand difference between him and that man, who is the son of a wealthy industrialist.
Wasay's wealth is not only his good qualities.
Money, power, and status, that doesn't matter to me.
I didn't even think of that. Wasay's respect, care...
him understanding me over minute things...
are the things that won me over. Those are the reasons I accepted his proposal.
I think that we can spend a good life together.
Look, no matter what the reasons are, don't back off. About sister Areeba...
she only has the intention of brainwashing mother. But don't back off, because I'm with you.
Saqlain acted very maturely about this. 
He didn't bring any complaint against you, nor did he question Mahnoor.
Think about it, what if someone from our extended family had seen Mahnoor with that man, all of us would have been defamed.
Mahnoor studied in co-ed, then what's the big deal?
You always think that Mahnoor is right.
You have every excuse in the book to protect her. 
But what about me? Saqlain's aunt taunted me about being a barren woman.
Areeba, quiet yourself. That is how cold the world is.
Instead of tending to its wound, it scratches over it. To tell you the truth...
I don't like Irham taunting you like this. Think for yourself...
she uses every opportunity to use her words to hurt you.
Then what kind of behavior will she have with Mahnoor?
But Saqlain...
Saqlain only wants the best for Mahnoor. He wants to her get married...
into a good family. When he learns that the proposal came from Wasay's family, then his anger will cool down.
But mother, Saqlain was telling me that man isn't good.
I don't know how right, or wrong Saqlain is but...
Mahnoor assured me that they are good people. All I'm asking you to do is be patient.
If they bring Mahnoor's proposal, then they are good people. But if they do not...
then we can not change what fate has written for Mahnoor.
What do you mean? Why didn't you tell me about this earlier?
I did tell you Mahnoor.
I was trying to convince mom and dad.
Don't lose hope, I'll handle it.
How can I not worry?
Your parent aren't agreeing to our marriage.
To me their rejection means nothing.
But it does to me.
Because if they don't agree to this marriage, then we can't get married.
Why not?
You have to marry me, my parents have no concerns about it.
What will I tell my mother?
Don't tell your mother anything, I will talk to her. We will marry in court.
After the wedding, we'll go abroad. 
We'll take a couple of years to complete our education.
By then everything would get normal here. 
I know my parents, by then they would have forgotten it.
After that, they won't have any other option left other than to accept this relationship.
Mahnoor.
Wasay... we can't get married like this. I will never marry you in court.
Neither I nor my family will agree to this.
What's wrong with this?
Your thinking is wrong.
When I was worried, you said that I was wrong to be worried.
I knew your parents would not accept my status.
For me, it's still not a big deal.
Mahnoor... you know I love you.
I love you a lot as well.
I can't marry you in court by going against everyone else.
I... cannot embarrass my family in front of everyone.
This cannot happen.
I've sent Areeba to her mother's home. I've asked her not to return home until her mother agrees to this proposal.
Saqlain, you are wasting your time. I told you that I don't want to marry my son to Mahnoor.
I'm telling you that they will apologize to you, don't you believe me?
You know Hashir very well, don't you?
He makes mountains out of molehills. 
Do you think he'll agree to marry Mahnoor after she rejected him?
No... believe me, I don't have the strength to talk to him.
Ever since he came back, he's become completely silent. He's not talking at all.
I fear that he might return this way.
That's why I ask you to end this here. It will not achieve anything.
Alright, if that's the case, I'll talk to Hashir myself.
You have to marry me... you have to spend your life with me, 
my parents have no concern about it. We'll marry in court.
Mother is asking for you.
Go ahead, I'll be there.
Saqlain was talking to me about this.
I'll ask her when she comes.
I called her.
What can I do? I'm worried, I don't know what to do.
Mahi... my dear... did you talk to that boy?
When is he sending his parents... 
because we cannot move forward with this relationship without Saqlain's advice.
Mahi... what happened? Why aren't you answering me?
They will not come.
What?
Wasay's parents have refused to come.
They said that there is a major difference between their and our status.
Do you see? I told you... that man was just passing the time with him.
It's not like that. He wanted to marry me.
Oh really?
Even after his parents refused...
That means that he wants to marry you in court.
Don't make rash decisions Mahi. Your sister has to get married as well.
Both of us won't be able to show our faces to anyone.
Please... I'm not that selfish, nor am I that weak.
I will not make my happiness on your grief. I have rejected his offer.
I will only marry him when he involves his family.
Thank God things ended before they started. There was no match between us and them
They have a large family. Now Mahnoor can marry Hashir, right?
There is no need for Mahnoor to refuse now. Should I talk to Saqlain now?
Mahi... you're my brave daughter...
Do you remember what your father said to you? He always asked me to think of you as a son.
Because you have all the qualities for which people pray for a son.
This is just a minor setback, this won't do anything to you.
Mother...
No matter how strong someone is...
when a heart breaks, it's no ordinary thing that someone can forget.
Time heals all wounds.
Some wounds never heal.
But... don't worry... I'm completely fine.
I'm sorry I worried you. Because of me, you were so worried.
I shouldn't have told this you until Wasay's parents were involved.
It's alright, I had already learned everything. 
It would have hurt me if I had learned it from someone else.
I was thinking of listening to Areeba and...
Please... I don't want to hear all of this right now.
I'm not a girl who lives in a dream.
 I'm not waiting for a prince to come and solve all my problems.
I want to do something in this world. I want to leave my mark on this world.
My dear, I'm not stopping you from doing that.
But Mahi, I have to marry you.
I will get married but...
right now I don't want to talk about this. I need some time.
I don't want to marry anyone.
(inaudible)
I'm here for you.
You're waiting for him for no reason, he will not agree to this.
Let me talk to him.
Greetings.
Greetings to you too.
Where have you been? I've been waiting for you. I was just about to leave.
I was with friends, is everything alright?
Auntie was telling me that you've been quite upset.
As you should.
If a girl rejects a man like you, it's understandable that one gets angry.
It hurts the ego.
I'm trying to change Mahnoor's no, into a yes, but...
auntie is telling me that you will not agree to this marriage now, why?
Change her no into a yes brother Saqlain.
It's my stubborn desire now... if I'll marry someone then that will be Mahnoor.
Otherwise, I will not marry anyone. Have a good day.
I think that you and I both heard Hashir's answer.
I'm getting late, I should get going.
Wasay...
What is it?
Your ring.
That means that mom was right, you have no importance for me or my love.
For you my family... and my status...
were everything. Because if I was important to you...
then you would have listened to me.
You can think whatever you want...
There is no restricting you from your thoughts. If you think that your family and status are more important to me...
then fine... it must be that way.
Mahnoor, you cannot break this relationship so easily.
There is nothing left in our relationship.
I've explained that to myself very well.
You will too.
From now on we go our separate ways.
There is nothing left in our relationship. From now on we go our separate ways.
I don't understand your decision.
What's not to understand? You were the one who diverted my attention to Mahnoor.
I didn't want to go there, remember?
After her refusal...
I taunted Areeba a million times. Lord knows what I said about her mother and sisters,
And I'm sure that she must have told her family about it.
That doesn't make a difference. People tend to say a lot of things out of anger.
Think about your decision one more time.
I always think long and hard before taking my decision.
When I make that decision, I stand by it. It's your responsibility to get me married to Mahnoor.
Sister Salma...
Sister Salma...
Yes, miss Areeba?
I asked you to fry some kebabs with the tea but...
you just served him tea.
Yes, everything is ready. I'll bring it right away.
It's alright Areeba, no need to go through the trouble.
What's the trouble with it?
Greetings*
Sit down.
Greetings.
Auntie, I came here to be straight with you.
Tell me, what decision have you made?
My dear... Mahi doesn't want to marry right now.
Has she gone insane? She's gone blind in love.
That man has backed off because of his family. 
Will Mahi spend her entire life grieving over him?
That means that Mahnoor doesn't care about her family at all.
This is your responsibility to turn her no into a yes.
You're her mother.
You can force her to marry.
Forced relationships aren't strong. Nor do they lead to happiness.
I've already given my word to my auntie and Hashir. It's a matter of my respect as well.
Your explanations and Mahnoor's explanations won't make me back off.
Mahnoor does what she wants. I can't force her.
Try to understand.
Alright, if that's your last decision, then listen to my decision as well.
I can tolerate my insult, but my aunt is the eldest in my family.
She's my elder and she brought a proposal here for Mahnoor on my say-so.
If Mahnoor and Hashir can't get married, then you can keep Areeba with you as well.
Saqlain...
Saqlain, what are you saying?
What you just heard.
You have a week. You can decide before Hashir arrives.
Either Mahnoor will depart from this house and leave with Hashir, or your married daughter will come back here.
Brother Saqlain...
Saqlain listen to me...
You just said this to scare mother, right?
So that she can convince Mahnoor.
Mahnoor and auntie have forced me to take this decision.
He's just saying that, why are you worrying?
But... what's my fault in this?
Mahnoor is your sister.
Because of her, I was insulted in front of my aunt and Hashir.
And Hashir has said that he won't marry anyone else than Mahnoor.
Yes but, Mahnoor does as she wants. You know how she is.
I stayed with her for four days... mother and I tried to convince her but she didn't change her mind.
Areeba, this is a war between respect and ego. I value my respect greatly.
Mahnoor will have to change her decision, there is no other option...
Congratulations.
Mahnoor's wish will come true now. Saqlain will surely leave me now.
What nonsense are you saying? God forbid!
Do you think that...
my brain allows me to think of anything good.
That's what I want to make you aware of...
You say that brother Saqlain is a good husband and he indeed does act that way.
He constantly announces that he takes good care of you and provides you with all of your needs.
He does take care of me... but you can't digest that.
That's what I want to make you aware of...
Is this the importance you have in brother Saqlain's life that he decided to leave you over such a trivial matter?
Is that how much he cares for you?
It's not about ego, it's about respect.
And you guys don't care about that. He has always respected you like a mother...
He has always treated you like younger sisters...
Do you know why he wants to marry you to Hashir...
because Hashir is a good man from his family. He has no responsibilities...
He's an only child and like me, you won't have to worry about in-laws.
He has always thought the best for you.
Mahi, in this regard Areeb is right. Saqlain isn't like that.
He must have been very hurt. One only gets angry at those one loves.
My dear... your single approval...
can end all our pain and hardships.
You have to marry me and spend your life with me. My parents are of no concern
Let's marry in court.
Hashir has no responsibilities, like me, you won't have to worry about in-laws. He's an only child.
Your single approval will end all our pain and hardships.
If brother Wasay hadn't proposed, I would have forced you to accept brother Hashir's proposal
What? You've announced that you'll leave Areeba?
What else should I have done?
Hashir presented his conditions as well. I didn't like how you two were insulted there.
You were wrong.
You were hasty. I thought you were composed and calculated...
I thought of you as a rational man, but no...
What are you trying to say?
Will you leave sister Areeba because of me?
Did you put a condition in your marriage agreement that her younger sister will marry me?
No, right? Listen to me...
I only asked you and mother to make Mahnoor accept my proposal. I didn't ask you to end relationships.
Then tell us how we should force him. If he hadn't threatened them...
they wouldn't have budged.
I don't know, but this is not right.
Really... then what is the right way? It's your stubborn desire to marry Mahnoor, right?
Then tell me the right way I can convince Mahnoor to marry you.
Leave it be, there is no need to plead with a girl with so much ego.
Girls like her never get married.
Come with me...
Where?
To your in-laws. To bring back sister Areeba.
What are you thinking about?
All of this happened because of me. I didn't know that it would escalate to this.
Both of us came here to bring you back sister, so please come back with us.
What are you looking at? Grab your stuff, don't you want to go?
Go Areeba...
Bless you, my dear.
Forgive me, auntie, I don't know what I said out of anger.
You know I cherish every relationship I have.
Whether that be you or my auntie. I can't tolerate any insults.
I want to apologize to you for what happened that day.
Hashir is a good man, you were right to praise him.
The way you proved your maturity...
If only Mahnoor had done that, then we wouldn't be in this position...
My dear... respect is what makes relationships.
It's not a good thing to spoil old relationships for new ones.
You are completely right.
I think we're getting late. What do you think we should do?
At least finish your tea.
No mother must be waiting for me.
Farewell*
Bless you, my dear.
Take care.
He handled everything so well.
How come brother Saqlain became so nice?
Go and close the door.
I'll do it.
I'm surprised... I didn't expect such a stubborn man like you to bend the way you did.
When it's about love and respect, then there's nothing wrong with being flexible.
Who knows, one might enter one's heart this way.
Get in the car.
Between us...
brother Hashir is much better than brother Saqlain...
Who doesn't have flaws? Don't we? He likes you a lot. In fact, he looks at you so emotionally
Ramsha...
I think you should say yes. Why are you thinking so much about it?
And... mother's problem will be solved as well.
Concentrate on your studies.
It's mother.
Greetings.
I'm fine.
What?
Really
Sure, I'll tell him. Farewell. You take care as well.
Mother told me that Mahnoor has agreed to the proposal.
Thank God... someone's kind behavior finally melted that girl's heart.
I'm very happy.