Ramsha, tell me something. What can you do for me?
Anything
anything means?
I mean, stupid... I love you so much that if you ask for my life
I will give that too
but try asking for it once
why should I ask you for a thing which is already mine 
Ramsha
what were you thinking?
Nothing
why are you so upset? What is your problem?
No, there isn't any problem
Ramsha, I don't know whether you are happy or not with this marriage
but I am very happy
I like you so much
do you know, I want to keep you happy
from every aspect & mannner
but I cannot do all this until you don't tell me that what do you want
what is your desire, tell me. Try telling me once, I will fulfill it
A person's every desire doesn't get fulfilled
Ramsha
and... I don't need anything
and why do you start crying in every other second?
I feel frustrated while seeing you crying
I get irritated!
try to smile
Okay
lets go!
lets go out for a dinner tonight
you'll feel better
Ok
I'm so helpless that I cannot even mourn on my shattered dreams
you had firm belief, right? that nobody can cross your path in the successful path of your life
nobody can defeat you
what you did today? You had defeated yourself
you've closed all the ways from your own hands, Maheer
say whatever you want to say
everyone is scolding me, so you do as well
I'll listen to your scoldings quietly because my bad time is going on
that's why everyone is insulting me
nobody is scolding you!
We are making you realize the pain that you've given
are you guys in a lot of pain than me?
my future is ruined, I should be upset!
I wish you had listened to mom & brother. You should have stayed away from Ramsha, but what you did?
Maheer, if you had loved her truly then you hadn't done any such thing
you would have gone to brother & sister in law with respect and would have made them realize that you are capable for Ramsha
if you had shown some intelligence & patience then nothing as such would have happened today
she wouldn't have got married, and you wouldn't have been in this condition. But what you did?
I don't know
and please leave me alone, go away from here
but... 
don't you get me, I said leave me alone so please leave me alone!
but I was not in love with Ramsha
Ramsha had never been so important in my life, she had become my contumacy because of my sister-in-law
I had to give defeat to my sister-in-law by marrying her
then why!
Why I am being so restless for her right now
why I am feeling agitated by thinking that Ramsha.. 
mom, please forgive me
Don't know what I had said to you
in my anger
I have hurt you
No my child
not you but Maheer has hurt me
that boy has never listened to me at all
he always used to do whatever he fells like. And today..
he shot himself in the foot
don't worry
how shall I not worry?
you are also worried for him
it was your years hard work, you had spent your money on him like water
and he...
mom
its about fate
I was...
trying to improve Maheer's future
maybe the problem is with me
whenever I had any expectations with anyone in my life, they had never been fulfilled
no my child, don't think like this
I'm not in a position to think about anything else in this situation
oh man, this woman is after my life
whose phone is it?
Yasir's mother
she is asking again & again, whether I have talked to Mahnoor or not
refuse her, mom
Mahnoor cannot help Yasir in this matter
but dear, at least ask her once maybe...
why shall I talk to Mahnoor?
I don't find it appropriate
yes, even I don't find it appropriate that all three of you shall work in the same office
what if it becomes a problem in the future
its obvious, it will be a problem
today Mahnoor will do a recommendation for Yasir's job
after that he'll demand for promotion
if we'l; refuse about it, then his mother will call you
this matter will continue
therefore its better for you to refuse right away that Mahnoor cannot help him
what if they ended the engagement & mind it, then?
let them end it
Even we don't want to keep any relation with those who blackmails to keep a relation
what are you saying, Faraz?
I'm already so worried about Maheer, and now Aima
let me get her married at least
I will die peacefully if she'll get married
Fine, don't talk to her. I'll talk to Mahnoor myself
a lot of problems have arise in our house because of her
So can't she help us this much?
that wretched guy ran away with my money!
I won't spare you, Rameez!
I have got your car's number
where will you go!
I can request
and I will request Sir Aleem, but honestly there is not seat available in our office right now
where will he adjust Yasir?
yes, you shall talk to him. Maybe there is slight chance
its fine if there is no vacancy, at least our honor will stay intact in front of them
We'll tell them that we have already recommended Yasir
yes, tomorrow is my last exam
I will join the office day after tomorrow, then I'll talk
you can satisfy them
Okay
Mahnoor, I don't find it right
its wrong
We cannot control everyone as per our thinking & point of view
but still...
I already do nothing for you & aunty
I'm doing a small effort for Aima, so let me do it
My husband's name is Faraz.
Aashir divorced me two days before my wedding.
I am working as a commercial manager for a construction company.
And Faraz is my colleague
thank you! bye!
Mahnoor
yes
will you meet again?
No
what's the matter, Mahnoor. Why aren't you receiving the phone?
actually its an unknown number
give it to me, let me talk
No, no... why will you talk as its an unknown number. Let me switch it off
let me go & check inside the kitchen that what we need to prepare for the food today
Okay
Mahnoor, please receive my call for once
I want to talk to you
for God sake, say it once
that whatever happened I wasn't responsible for it. Let's be honest
Will I ever be able to get free from this torment?
why is he calling me again & again, has he gone mad!
sister
yes, what happen?
nothing, I just wanted to say thanks to you
for what?
as you've accepted about Yasir's job, actually mom was way too worried
no problem, but you know
there is a lot of difference in talking & giving the job
and I can only request
whether he'll get the job or not, I cannot comment on it
if you talk to Yasir, then make up his mind
yes sister, I know that all of this is not in your control & Yasir shouldn't keep any such expectations
but sister, what shall I do
no problem, I will request
rest depends upon God
yes
Aima
yes sister?
how is Maheer?
he is quite upset, sister
I had talked to him but he asked me to leave him alone
no matter however Maheer is, he is a very brilliant & intelligent student
do you know, he got a scholarship too
I know
and I'm disappointed that he couldn't recognize his abilities
but sister, how did you get to know about Maheer's scholarship?
Ramsha had told me
sister, if you knew it then why didn't you tell brother Faraz about it?
even you & aunty knew it, right?
why did you guys hide it?
because of mom..
I had to hide this matter because of aunty
I didn't wanted to expose her
you know, how difficult it was for Faraz to gather the money to give to aunty
for Maheer's fees and he...
no sister
mom was gathering that amount for my dowry, Maheer didn't got that money
then its a good thing that I didn't tell Faraz about it
he would have felt bad for no reason
In fact, aunty is gathering this amount for good purpose
Okay take care of Maheer
don't let him take the stress
why are you so amazed?
sister, how can you be worried about Maheer?
all of you had been in a lot of pain because of Maheer & that Ramsha..
I'm not an anger, but an ordinary human
I cannot forgive Maheer's mistake so easily
but if see, then injustice is done with Maheer as well
that matter should have ended there & then when Ramsha had came back on that night
but anyways, brother Saqlain had defamed Ramsha & Maheer in such a manner
that we couldn't do anything
there wasn't any update about you since so many days
I'm asking you!
I was here!
I had told you that I am busy in Ramsha's marriage
so why are you shouting a lot?
you had also started inquiring as soon as I came
where was I, what was I doing!
I was in a hell hole, & still I am
Saqlain
that Rameez slipped from my hands
but now I've got to know that he is in the same city
also, I've got his car's number
really? So, eventually you'll find him
I've filed a report to the police against him
I'll ensure to recover my 50 lacs from him!
but the way he had hurt me
I'll punish him in such a manner that he'll remember for lifetime
I had lost my baby because of him
yes
you are right
honestly, he had hurt us a lot
maybe you had forgotten this matter in the hustle & bustle of your life
but my heart is still bleeding
No Fariya
you don't have any idea that how much hurt I am because of losing my baby
maybe God blesses us once again with a baby
No Saqlain! don't even think about the second baby
don't keep any expectations from me
have you gone mad? What rubbish you are blurting?
you know I had married you because of this baby
earlier I was mad!
if I had thought earlier then I wouldn't have experienced the pain that I am going through right now
what pain do you have? You are living a luxurious life
its what you think that I am living a luxurious life
this house is a prison & my life is not less than a hell hole!
you don't come home for so many days, also you don't receive my calls too
and sometimes if you come here, then you are always worried about Areeba
what else shall I do?
the problems are as such over there
you're done with me!
you have stopped taking care of me since I had a miscarriage
also you were never concerned about me
who said I don't care about you? Tell me!
when had I not taken care of you?
won't you stop complaining?
I've made a decision, Saqlain
what kind of decision?
until you don't accept me as your wife in front of this society after divorcing Areeba
I won't become the mother of your baby
if you agree then its fine, otherwise
otherwise what?
otherwise leave me
have you gone mad?
what rubbish you are talking?
who had put these rubbish things in your mind?
you mother must have done this brain washing of yours
oh no dear...
why will I give her wrong suggestions?
in fact, I was explaining her not to think bad about you
but don't know why one thing is stuck in her mind
that you'll never leave your wife
and... you will not accept her in front of the society
As its is, there isn't any fault of my daughter in in
you have also kept your relation with her a secret inside this house
there is a right time for everything! and that time hasn't come as of yet
Explain her!
one more thing
I love you, so let me stay like that
don't compel me to become Saqlain
otherwise you'll regret a lot
I will make her understand
what had you wished for as soon as he came?
it was important to express him my wish
now its time to end this game
have you gone mad! First sort out the matters of this house
I had asked Rameez to find a buyer for this house. But that fool is still wandering in this city
today he was almost caught by Saqlain
if he had been caught, then we would have been exposed
I don't understand anything'
Maheer
Maheer, come to have dinner
No, I am not hungry
Maheer, you haven't eaten anything since yesterday
I won't die if I won't eat for a day
what are you saying? Come
I'm telling you that I am not hungry. I'll eat the food once I feel hungry
I'm feeling sleepy so I'm going to sleep
mom, Maheer has refused. He is saying that he'll eat once he'll feel hungry
but...
oh mom, its fine. He can eat whenever he feels hungry
and Mahnoor?
she is inside the kitchen
mom, please take some
let me serve you
don't know whether he gave the phone to Ramsha or not
at what is your exam tomorrow?
yes? its in the morning
So, I'll drop you
No, what's the use of it? I will go myself
As it is, I hardly get any cab from there to come back
I'll pick you too from there, its not a problem
No, you go & do your work at office as there is a lot of work over there
I'll manage it myself, and then the car is already here
are you sure?
yes
Okay
So Mahnoor heard mine & Ramsha's discussion
yes
she came to my house to talk to me & to create a chaos
but I scolded her by saying
that its not the way to go to someone's house uninformed
yes
sit
Saqlain, you know these people are not of my standard
people take appointments to meet me
I do have an idea about it, brother Toqeer
that's why I had answered Mahnoor bluntly
and the motive behind telling you is that
you shall keep Ramsha away from Mahnoor
because she is like this
I think maybe..
Ramsha had a fight with her sisters, & that's why they aren't talking to each other
maybe
don't you know about it?
I do have some idea
also you didn't tell me that why everyone's mood was off on the wedding day
even Ramsha was so quiet
brother Toqeer, you are an intelligent man & you can get an idea
Ramsha is not happy with this marriage, I mean..
Ramsha has been convinced for this marriage
otherwise, she wasn't ready for this marriage
how did you convince her?
brother Toqeer, I had convinced her just like that. Leave this topic
give some time to Ramsha
everything will be fine with time
I'm trying to give her time
I've been treating her lovingly
I think she has some insecurities, maybe with time they'll get over
yes absolutely
brother Toqeer, that factory..
yes, I've seen the location but I couldn't finalize the amount. I want you to come with me
Okay
I'm getting a call from my house
talk to them peacefully, I'll leave after having a two minute conversation with Ramsha
No, you stay here. I have some important work with you
all good?
yes, there was a shipment on the port
it is not getting cleared although I have bribed them. You know how it works here
anyway, let me receive the call then we'll discuss
listen
tell Ramsha, Mr. Saqlain is here to meet her
if she makes any excuse then there is no need to listen to her
just tell her its very important to talk to her, so she should come downstairs quietly
Okay, let me go & call her right away
Maheer
this boy is still sleeping
he hasn't eaten anything since so long
Maheer
Maheer
Oh!
he is suffering with such a high grade fever, he is bringing like fire
Maheer
oh God, what shall I do? Even Faraz is not at home
Aima
Aima, quickly bring ice cold water & towel
Maheer is burning in fever
also call Faraz, if he can come home
oh God please show mercy
Maheer
my child
what happen to you?
Maheer
maam Ramsha
yes
brother Saqlain is here to meet you
so what shall I do?
he is calling you
go & tell him that either I am busy or sleeping
but he was saying that its important to meet you
Also he was saying that she shouldn't make any excuse
Okay, you go. I'm coming
Okay
he has already pushed me into a hell hole
don't know why does he come here daily?
my child open your eyes, Maheer
Maheer
what happen to my child
aunty!
he is suffering with very high grade fever
Okay don't you worry, let me go & bring the doctor
don't know how much time Faraz will take to come
yes please go & bring the doctor
until then I'll put some cold water strips on his head, maybe the fever gets down
I have asked Aima to bring some ice & water
dear, please quickly go
yes
oh God!
why are you putting me into a trial one after another
open your eyes my child
Maheer
what happen to you?
Maheer
oh God, please bless my child with good health
yes?
say, whatever you wanted to say to me
have you forgotten how to respect your elders as soon as you left the the house?
you have also forgotten how to talk to your elder brother
greetings!
greetings to you too!
how are you?
how am I looking to you?
you are looking so nice in this luxurious house
do pray for me whenever you offer prayers
that because of me you got married into such a house
where you'll spend your entire life in luxuries
otherwise that Maheer
what he could give you?