Here is your money and from now on Ramsha won't be going to college.
Our exams are about to start, why is she leaving?
She has ran off with that boy Mahir, we don't know where she is.
Mr. Saqlain...
Greetings.
Greetings to you too. I just heard you saying that Ramsha has run away.
Yes...
Where did she go? And with whom did she run away?
Have some shame... you go to the mosque regularly and pray five times a day... you have daughters as well.
If you respect our daughters, then your daughters will be respected as well.
In our family, we do not have daughters that run away.
Mahir, where are you? We've been contacting you since yesterday, but you aren't talking to us.
Do you know that your family is looking for you as well?
Did they try and contact you?
Brother Faraz and sister visited me. They went to all of your friends.
They were very worried. What is the problem and where are you right now?
I'll tell you everything...
but listen to me carefully. If brother Faraz or anyone else from my family tries to contact you...
don't tell them anything.
What's the matter, Mahir?
Ramsha and I are together.
What?
Yes... today we are going to get married.
Mahir, have you gone insane? Since when have you gotten so serious about Ramsha?
You were just passing the time with her, right? Then what is this?
I wanted her...
and I will do anything to have her.
He's gotten foolish and emotional. He used to be an intelligent guy.
Mahir...
Yes?
I think we shouldn't have done this. I feel anxious...
Are you in your senses?
You should have thought of that when you were leaving home.
There wasn't time when we were leaving home.
We didn't have time.
Alright... you want to go back, then go. You can then marry whoever they want you to marry.
It's nothing like that, why are you being angry at me?
Come on, you wasted my time!
Look... don't be angry, you know how much I love you.
I love you as well, that's why I took such a huge step.
We've done what we've done. We have to own this.
Once we get married, we'll go to our homes, and then no one will say anything to us.
Ramsha listen to me carefully. We have to get married today. Yes, today.
I'm going to get the cleric. Do you trust me or not?
Alright then, I'll be right back.
No, please don't think that. It's nothing like that.
I'll talk to brother Saqlain.
Sure, I'll call you back.
What does brother Saqlain want? Why is he doing all of this?
What did he do?
Auntie just called, she said that the police just took Faraz.
The complaint was against Faraz, then why is brother Saqlain involving Faraz in all this?
He makes mountains out of molehills. He created a huge commotion outside the house as well.
He always thinks the best for everyone. Have you not seen how worried he is?
All of us are worried.
Auntie is worried, Faraz is worried and they are ashamed as well. They have never helped Mahir, they have always tried to make him understand.
But that doesn't mean that we start blaming Faraz's family.
Hello Faraz, where are you? Why did the police take you?
I'll wait for your call.
Farewell.
Thank you Mr. Faraz for cooperating with us.
We didn't know that you are family with them.
This was my duty and I was worried because of Mahir as well.
I've been searching for him since last night and I am still trying to find him. Ramsha is like my sister...
There is no justifying the foolish thing that Mahir has done.
If he's in the city we'll find them. We'll also contact his friends through the numbers that you gave us.
I talk to everybody last night. Mahir didn't contact any one of them.
You never know, may he'll contact one of them today.
Yes.
I'll get going.
Yes, you can go.
Greetings sir... they have been here since last night. Mahir just went out a while ago.
This bungalow belongs to a rich man, he isn't here right now. His daughter lives here.
How do you know that?
I've been here since last night and learned this from the security guard.
Alright... call the police and ask them to come here.
Okay, boss.
The police will be here in five minutes.
Until then we'll wait here.
You are very lucky.
Do you know that before you Mahir was dating me?
But I don't know what he saw in you...
Aqsa...
I...
Come inside, sit right there.
The guests will be here shortly and then we'll start.
Thank you so much. You've done so much for us.
It's okay. No problem.
All the preparations have been made, right?
Yes.
Thank you so much.
Grab hold of him.
What are you doing?
What are you doing in my home?
We'll tell you right now. Mr. Saqlain come inside, and we arrested them both.
Mr. Saqlain you can take your sister-in-law home. I don't want her going to the police station.
But you come with us. I have to sort you out.
You like to run off with girls, right? Take him away!
Listen to me...
Put him inside!
I did nothing, I'm innocent. She came with me!
Open the cell and put him inside!
Why don't you listen to me? I did nothing. She chose to come with me.
Enough of your nonsense! This won't work in front of me!
Otherwise, I'll break your face.
Listen to me!
Get out of the car! Get out!
Give me this bag...
Lord knows what she must have done by now.
Sister Areeba...
Don't think things like that.
Let go of my hand. You're hurting me!
Areeba, control your sister!
I've brought her back!
Where were you?
She was with Mahir!
She spent the entire night with him.
Brother Saqlain!
What?
Thank God that the police stopped them, otherwise, they were about to get married!
Because of this, I've been defamed for the rest of my life.
She has humiliated me in front of the entire world.
Why didn't you die? What were you thinking when you ran away?
All of this is happening because of you. I loved him and was about to marry him, there's nothing wrong with that!
Shut up your nonsense!
What you did was wrong! Both families have been humiliated by this. Have you any idea?
We spent the entire night in worry.
I will be the one to sort you out. Last time I locked you in a room...
but now I will tie you and lock you up. Come with me!
What were trying to do? 
I'll make her understand.
Please go.
She won't come out of the room!
What did you do? What did you do?
What is the point of doing all this? We can't change what happened.
We have been humiliated as much as it was possible. Step out in the neighborhood after a while...
see what they have to say for your sister.
Areeba, if suicide wasn't a sin...
I would have done it by now.
Don't say that.
Leave me. Stop crying in front of me.
I regret the day we got married.
No man has been humiliated more than me, at the hands of your sisters.
They left no stone unturned in trying to humiliate me.
Sometimes they made me go to the police.
And sometimes she has me locked up in the police station.
Brother Saqlain.
What?
Don't think that Ramsha is the only one to blame in this.
You are equally to blame for this.
You're the one who hid everything from us, right? If you had told us on time, this wouldn't have happened.
She has disgraced us.
Who will marry this sister of yours?
Is there anyone?
Is there anyone who'll marry her?
Yes, inspector?
Yes... thank you very much for recovering my sister. You helped save our respect.
I will never forget this favor for the rest of my life. Yes, we checked her stuff, but there's nothing there but clothes.
I'm sure that man stole all the jewelry.
It was a lot of jewelry. Please recover it for us.
Of course. Whenever you visit us, I'll be here.
Thank you once again.
Inspector... you can't keep me here for long. I've done nothing wrong.
That will be proven, you can't leave this place so easily.
Maulabaksh set him straight, and ask him where the jewelry is.
What jewelry, I don't have anything like that. Ramsha had everything and she still has.
His brother-in-law said that she has no money or jewelry. The girl said that she gave everything to you.
She's lying.
Believe me, I have nothing.
Maulabaksh shut him up. He's been speaking since morning.
Listen to me...
Shut up!
We shouldn't have done this. I think we've done something wrong. I feel anxious.
You should have thought of that when we were leaving home.
We didn't have time when we were leaving home.
Sister Areeba I think that brother Saqlain is overreacting.
Look at where he's taking things. He's completely right.
You and Ramsha have always humiliated him. I can count on my fingers the things you've done. And now Ramsha...
Anyways... you still aren't correcting your ways.
Really... what did I do that you're taunting me?
Enough, don't make me open my mouth.
I've spent the entire night in anxiety by Ramsha. Saqlain told me off, and what did you lose?
I always have to be embarrassed in front of my husband.
Mahnoor...
What happened? Did they find out anything about Ramsha and Mahir?
Yes, we've found Ramsha.
Really?
I'm surprised. I had been looking for them everywhere, why didn't anyone inform me?
She's just came back. She's in her room.
And where is Mahir?
He's in the police station and I'll ask Saqlain to ask the police to not let him go.
Because of him, we've been humiliated. He provoked our sister...
And for this, he should be punished!
Sister Areeba...
When a girl disappears the entire night and comes back home...
you have no idea what the world tells them.
All of this happened because of your brother. He did what he did and now we have to face the consequences.
My sister's life has been ruined.
Faraz, where were you? I've been so scared here.
Did you find out anything about Mahir and your sister, Mahnoor?
They've found Ramsha.
Thank God, is everything alright? Did they two marry each other...
Where is Mahir? Did he not come home?
He's in the police station.
What?
Why have they kept him in the police station, if they've found her sister?
He has a report filed against him.
We have to bail him out.
Then go! why are you here? Free your brother!
When your sister is home? Why have they arrested Mahir?
Faraz, go there.
I will bail him out, but not now.
Why?
He should be punished for what he did.
Her sister should be punished as well. She was equally involved with this.
She's not a child, she left home in her senses.
Auntie, she's being punished. She's being called with all sorts of different names.
She's being defamed in the neighborhood and there is a complaint against her in the police station.
When Mahir returns home you'll love him like you used to...
but have you thought about her? She can't move on in life, she can't go outside, or carry on with her education.
Because if she goes outside, then people will talk about her.
Is everything alright? You look very tired today.
Hmm...
Did you not sleep at night?
I am tired and I didn't sleep as well.
Why? What happened? You didn't call me yesterday as well, is everything alright?
You know Ramsha, Areeba's sister.
She ran away from home last night.
We looked for her the entire night.
She ran away, or did you make her run away?
Think about what you want.
I do understand.
I've started feeling scared of you. You've started knowing me more than I know myself.
No... I still feel afraid of you.
Why didn't you make her run away? And if you did then why are you looking for her?
Because I have to get her married.
What fool would marry a girl who ran away from home?
You're right.
Only an idiot would marry her.
Anyways...
I'm tired and I want to sleep.
If you wanted to sleep, then you could have done it at home. Why did you come here?
I wanted to leave Areeba alone.
I want her to be alone in her pain and her tensions.
I have to give her time to shed her tears.
To Areeba?
We'll talk later. I'm very tired and I want to sleep.
Please close the door.
Mahnoor...
Why are men so careless?
Why don't they think before they do and say something...
that his single mistake can become torture for women and close all paths for them.
I explained things to Mahir, and I asked him to stay away from Ramsha.
But he took no mercy on Ramsha.
Brother Saqlain sometimes tell me off and sometimes he does it sister Areeba. He only targets Ramsha.
Like he's the only one with respect.
And we are the women who carry his respect.
No one is there to question him, no matter what he does.
But he tells us off over everything.
From the beginning, he has blackmailed sister Areeba.
But sister Areeba doesn't understand that this is brother Saqlain's way.
To degrade us.
What happened?
He's asleep. He'll stay here for the entire day now.
Why are you acting crazy? This is his home and he'll come here anytime he wants.
This is my home.
And not anyone can come here. This is not a guest house.
Show this anger to Saqlain and then he'll teach you a lesson.
What's with you Fariya? Cool yourself down, you don't have the baby excuse anymore.
which you used to straighten Saqlain. I don't want this to fall on your head.
What will he do?
Will he divorce me? Let him... I'm counting the day till that happens.
Are you insane?
Areeba... if suicide wasn't a sin, I would have done it by now.
Don't say that.
Leave me... stop crying in front of me.
I regret the day I married you.
No man has been more humiliated than me at the hands of your sisters.
They left no stone unturned. Sometimes I have to go to the police station and sometimes she has me locked up in one.