I don't understand you at all
the way you're bothering yourself for so many years for your in-laws, just for the sake of the property
sometimes fight with this one or that one
what do you get by doing it?
just a few lacs in a year?
that too you steal in the name of maintenance or tax by making fraud documents
those few lacs are for little expense
my real eye is on their property which worth billions
this is what I am saying
that you are wasting your time for such a little amount
I think, you should use a tactic & get all the properties transferred in your name
we should also get some commission
you can burn your mouth by eating very hot food
therefore its better to eat the food when it gets cold
so that your mouth don't get burn
as far as that old woman is concerned
then a cancer namely Saqlain has entered in her life along with her daughters life long time ago
which will end her life slowly & gradually
anyways, leave it
tell me the update about the shops case
shops case is easy, its decision will be made within a few days
and God willing it will be in our favor
Besides, that tenant is in your hands
everything will happen as per your will
Mahi
yes
what happen, why aren't you eating dinner? its getting cold
yes..
what are you thinking?
no, I am eating food. I was just thinking about my office work
why, what happen? Is there a lot of work in your office?
yes... honestly the work load is too much
but I am worried about the fact that I am not getting enough time to prepare for my CSS exam
how shall I do the preparation?
whatever time I get, it gets spent while understanding the office related work & matters
what happen dear? what was the need to take such a big responsibility?
God has blessed us with everything, there isn't any shortage of anything
you should have done your exam preparation
exactly!
mom, I had told you earlier that I am not doing this job for money but for experience
and then, a lot had happened in my life
that in order to come out of it, I found this way only
it will take some time to understand & manage things
slowly & gradually everything will be fine. I will handle it. Don't worry
I am eating the food, you also eat
please eat dinner, and the rice are really good
what is the matter?
you seem quite worried, and you haven't eaten the dinner properly
is everything alright?
No Areeba, nothing is fine
and I don't understand
how to share this problem with your mother
what happen? why are you scaring me?
what as such is the matter that you aren't telling me
Areeba, you already know about the illegal possession on aunt's shop
yes, I know
I had done a case for that shop in the civil court
we have got its decision
what is the decision of the case?
the decision is.. 
that guy is present in that shop from the past ten years, his business is well settled
he cannot change his shop
either we should sell him the shop or do the settlement on the rent
how can we sell our shop to anyone forcefully?
and this is not right that any tenant will do an illegal possession on our shop
this is what I am worried about
if I file an appeal against this decision, then it will waste our time & money both
because such cases are never ending
and I don't understand how to share this news with aunt
but we have to tell mom
but.. she will be so worried
I have an idea about her worries but Mahnoor will create a lot of chaos
she will shift the entire blame on me
however, I've been fighting this case since a lot of months
what are you saying?
Mahnoor is not blind to shift the blame you!
whatever it is, its in front of all. You've worked so hard on this case
now will everything happen according to Mahnoor?
look, I'm thinking that we shall sell the shop
see, after this decision he will become more powerful
maybe he doesn't pay the rent & occupy the shop illegally once again
what if we lose the shop & the rent too
shall I talk to mom?
No.. not so soon, wait for a while
let me talk to him first
I want to see what price he offers for that shop
after that we'll talk to your mom
don't worry, let me bring water for you
fool!
I don't understand what does he want from me!
didn't you see what rubbish he wrote in that letter
he is annoying you, simple!
earlier he used to annoy you by following your van, & now he is annoying you by throwing letters
this matter is killing me, Ok?
we are getting wrong phone calls at home
in fact, when mom or sister Salma attends the call. Nobody responds, neither hello or hi
so you should pick up the call
No, thank you!
I mean, what if I receive the call & its the same guy on the other side and he responds. Then what will I say?
well, I think its such a nice thing
now think, this way you'll get to know what does he do. Where does he live, bla bla... 
yes absolutely! and the death angel that we have in the shape of brother Saqlain
if he gets to know about the letter or the phone call, then?
hmm... 
do you have the van driver's number?
yes, I have why?
send that number to me
I'm sure the van driver must be knowing about that guy. Somehow we'll get some information
I'll solve this issue myself, just send me the number
its a good idea, you are right. Let me send you via watsapp right away
my phone is inside the room, just send it. I'll check it later
greetings!*
you are here so early in the morning! is everything alright?
yes, I wanted to talk to aunt about the shop's case. I thought it would be better to discuss it in front of you
by the way, it was Ramsha's van driver right? Why he came? all good?
I had called him here. I'm thinking to arrange a transport for myself
 it doesn't look nice to use the cab on regular basis until I don't get a car from my office
that's why
Okay... come, lets sit inside & talk
what as such the matter is that you specially want to discuss in front of me
as it is, you handle all the matters. Mom is inside, you can talk to her
it is you who always complain, that I don't keep you in a loop before taking any decision
I thought it would be better to discuss the matter in front of you
mom should be aware of all the matters, I had never objected on my behalf
Okay I am getting late, so I am leaving for office
I've a board meeting at 9 Am, so I cannot be late. Just now I've joined the office
if you are getting late, then let me drop you. I will meet aunt in the evening. Come
hey no, there is no need of it. I will manage
you do a lot of formality
come, let me drop you. Its alright. I will get to see your office as well
come
your office is really nice, they have such a good reputation in the market
even the management is really good, very cooperative
that's good! I think soon you will adjust here
I think now you shouldn't think about giving CSS exam
continue your job here, as there is a lot of scope in it
greetings maam!
greetings!*
I shall leave now, thanks for taking out so much time
not a problem, take care
hello!
why Mahnoor had called you at home?
she had to discuss something important
important discussion about what?
about the same guy who came to your house while following the van
yes, I was about to contact you myself
if you have any details of that guy then tell me, I want to fix him!
even sister Mahnoor was asking the same thing
I have told her the same thing that I don't know anything related to this matter
usually such matters happen, the guys follow girls
and usually the girls are involved in these matters
they have their own friendships that's why we don't give it any importance
because we also have a family, why will we fight with everyone?
you are right, one needs to be careful
if you get any information about that guy then there is no need to inform Mahnoor
she is a girl, what will she do?
Besides, I have an idea that Ramsha must be very well aware of it
if that guy has come to our house then for sure Ramsha must be friends with him
anyways, don't try to contact Mahnoor
do let me know if you get any information
after all, its our family's matter. I will handle it myself
okay brother Saqlain
its absolutely correct, I have checked it
Faraz
how is your mother now?
I mean, is she fine?
yes
come in
thank you!
listen! whose medicines are these?
these medicines are of Mr. Faraz. He had asked me to bring it along with the tea. So I am going to give him right now
is he not well?
yes maam, it seems he is having a high grade fever. He had ask me specially to bring the medicines, so I am going to give him
Okay, go
go, take out the papers
hello!
hello!
who is this speaking?
I? Sajid
who Sajid?
whose phone is it, Ramsha?
nothing! I think it was a wrong number
who is it who is calling again & again, but isn't talking!
hello!
hello?
did you see? he hung up as soon as he heard my voice
note down the number & give it to me
let me give it to Saqlain and ask him to check who is annoying us
No... please no, what is the need to discuss with brother Saqlain? He must be a psychopath
if you will tell this to brother Saqlain then he will scold me first & then the matter will get solved
please don't tell anything to brother Saqlain. You'll see, he will stop calling in a few days
please
good morning!
good morning! please sit
check the price list once, I've already checked it
and then send it to the GM
Faraz, are you not well?
yes
if you were having fever & you weren't well, then you shouldn't have come to the office today
but anyways, still if you want you can go home
I've taken medicine
its a minor temperature
and one cannot sit at home because of it
there was a board meeting today, which couldn't be missed
a person should have a tolerance power to manage its personal & professional problems
I've so much of control to handle my stress easily
that's a good thing
maam, this file came from the finance department for a review
ok
come, let me take you to the department
lets go
brother
yes
drink this hot milk
tell me, are you fine now?
its better now
Faraz, what was the harm in taking a day off from your office?
you could have got some rest, as you are not well
no mom, I am not so unwell to sit at home after leaving the job
you know how important this job is for all of us
our survival is based on it
if I lose my job, then I don't know how we are going to manage
mom, did you see?
brother don't leave a chance to taunt us, that he is running this house
brother, you are the eldest of this house. You are well-educated, & you also earn
if there is a problem then tell us. Lets do one thing, let me & Aima start doing the job
why are you diverting the topic, Maheer? Brother Faraz hadn't said any such thing
and this is true! this house is only running on brother Faraz's earning
brother Faraz takes care of our educational expenses too
and your university fee! that too will be paid by brother Faraz
there won't be any external help
enough! what happen?
can't you see your brother is not well & here you guys are fighting
mom, am I fighting? Aima is fighting with me
you had started to taunt
enough Aima, be quiet
Maheer, have you submitted the admission form?
yes, I have
one more thing
By next week, If I didn't pay my admission fee
then my admission will be canceled
rest you guys are wise enough!
Aima, go bring tea for me
Saqlain, this is Ramsha's admission fee challan
kindly pay it
Ok aunt, I will submit it. Don't worry
So, finally you've fulfilled your dream just like your sister Mahnoor
you took admission in the university
but dear, just be careful
what if your focus diverts after going to the university
aunt, actually the university environment is quite open as there are no restrictions
dear, even Mahnoor used to go to the university
don't give her example
God forbid that our Ramsha follows Mahnoor's footsteps
anyways, I wanted to tell you that your account balance is quite low
and Mahnoor's wedding expenses... First of all, Mahnoor didn't get married, but there was a lot of expense
and then, we've spent a lot of money on our shop's case
and now...
you've given me Ramsha's fee challan
see, the motive behind telling you is that
kindly be careful with your expense for some time
I am getting your point, besides I've lessen my household expenses. I spend after giving it a lot of thought
yes aunt, I have an idea
I can't see Mahnoor, haven't she come back from office as of yet?
she had called to inform that she will be a bit late as there is a meeting
by the way aunt, I really don't like those girls who stays out of the house for so long
Mahnoor should at least come back home on her time
the problem is that Mahnoor doesn't listens to anyone
if I put some restrictions, then she minds like always
Mr. Faraz, please sit for a minute
few days ago you've given this loan application, right?
which I had to forward to the GM
I'm so sorry, I was so busy in work that I completely forgot
I hope you don't need it on an urgent basis
I've to pay my brother's university fee next week
oh!
for the entire semester
that's why I've applied for a loan against my provident fund, so that I can pay off on monthly basis
you should have reminded me once
but anyways, don't take tension.
I will take this application to the GM & will take approval from him personally and get your cheque cleared
thank you!
no problem
Shaista, please come in my room. Thank you!
hey hello! wait a minute
what is this happening?
nothing!
I thought you'll stop these actions, since you saw me here
but you've become more courageous now, you've started to call on the land line number too
No, I haven't
from where you got the number?
number?
do you have Ramsha's number too?
No, I don't have
today on wards, if I see you here then I will thrash you so hard that your seven generations will remember
understand!
now leave, people make mistakes
I will explain her too
and whatever I have explained you, focus on that
why Saqlain in requesting this guy?
come, lets find out who is this guy
wait a minute
respectable people live here, why are you adamant to disrespect them?
go away!
what is the matter, Saqlain? Is everything fine?
and who was this guy, to whom you were requesting a lot?
what to tell you, uncle?
when a person is helpless then they are compelled to fold their hands in front of others
if the father of these girls would have been alive, then I wouldn't be burdened so much
dear, after all what is the matter? At least tell us something
what to tell you uncle? I feel ashamed while telling it to you
and whatever I am about to tell you, please don't tell anyone
actually Ramsha is having an affair with this guy
please, I request you... not to tell this matter to anyone
please
it seems that the younger sister is also following her elder sister's footsteps
may God show these sisters the right path
they haven't left their old mother capable enough to show her face to anyone
you are right
brother, what happen to the car?
sister, I'm checking. Please sit inside, don't stand here
its night time, also its a desolate area. Usually robberies happen here
Ok please be quick. And if the problem is big then tell me so that I can book another ride
give me 5 minutes, if it gets fixed then its fine. Otherwise, you can book another ride
Okay
hello!
Hello Mahi, have you seen the time? Its 8pm, where have you been?
mom, I've left the office. Its just that my car broke down, that's why I got late
oh God! your car broke down at this hour!
do one thing, book another ride & come home immediately
I will wait for 5 to 7 more minutes, if this car won't get fixed then I will book another ride
Ok, come home quickly I am feeling so anxious
don't worry, I am coming in a while. Bye!
brother..
brother, what is the update?
sister, I am unable to find the fault please book another ride
Okay
keep it
don't know what is this location
Faraz!
maam Mahnoor, you are here at this hour!
actually I had booked this cab & it broke down, now I am waiting for another cab
oh!
So till when the other ride will be here? Ask the driver
it will take some time to come here, presently the driver is quite far
its quite a desolate area
the driver will be here within 15 to 20 minutes
15 to 20 minutes? You'll wait here for the driver all alone for the next 15 to 20 minutes!
its not safe for you
no problem! I will wait. You may go, you already got so late today
please go home, I am fine
No, I cannot leave you alone over here
anything can happen, its a night time
No, nothing will happen. I will stay safe, please go
Okay maam, if you don't mind then can I drop you?
No Faraz, there is no need of it. Don't bother yourself
No, there isn't anything to be bothered about. Please listen to me, I will drop you
not just for you, even its not safe for me
please come, let me drop you
Ok, can you please drop me to the bus stop. I will get another ride easily from there
yes sure, please come
thank you!
I was about to call you
you took so long to come back
yes, I had gone to your mother's house after office
to discuss, that the expenses have increased a lot in last few months
but instead of asking me that whether do we have enough amount in the account or not
she gave me the new bill of expense
see
this is Ramsha's college admission fee challan
nobody knows from where this 2.5 lacs will come
yes, so you should have asked my mother to tell Mahnoor to pay Ramsha's fee
Ramsha's university fee is so high. Besides, Mahnoor earns very well that she can pay
Mahnoor isn't earning the money so easily
she is working day & night non-stop
she hadn't come back home as of yet
Mahnoor hadn't come home as of yet?
yes! even aunt was so worried. She was calling her again & again
her number was off, maybe she was busy in some meeting
it happens
but Areeba, try to explain Mahnoor
if she will come back so late from the office, then what will he neighbors think?
just a few days ago she got divorced
why is giving a chance to this society to raise their fingers on her?
yes, you are absolutely correct!
Mahnoor doesn't listen to anyone
it would have been better if we would have married her somewhere. What was the need for her to do the job?
anyways, tell me.. did you talk to my mother about the shop & the case?
No, I haven't discussed this with aunt as of yet
I didn't get a chance
Besides, I want Mahnoor to be present there when I talk to aunt on this matter
what if later she blames me that they have faced the loss because of me