has sister got to know that brother Saqlain... 
what did she get to know?
I saw him in the mall with a girl, who seems to be of 22 to 23 years old
what!
yes
and they were walking in such a manner as if she was his wife
as if he knows her since so long
what are you saying? You must be having a misunderstanding. Brother Saqlain... 
sister Areeba
sister!
sister, what happened to you?
Go bring water
sister Areeba, control yourself
Ramsha, quickly bring water
sister Areeba?
sister, what happen to you?
bring water
are you in your senses? Haven't you gone mad?
what happen, what have I done?
what was the need to tell this in front of sister? Couldn't we discuss it privately?
Why?
Sister should know that brother Saqlain has betrayed her, and still betraying her
close your mouth!
sister, there isn't any such thing. 
Don't know whom she saw & said that brother Saqlain... 
brother Saqlain cannot be with some woman
sister, please don't cry. Please control yourself
please don't cry
sister, please don't cry. Nothing as such will happen
sister... 
Sister... Sister!
sister Areeba, what are you searching for?
look at this
what is this?
its the same necklace that Saqlain had gifted me
yes, so?
the robbers had snatched it from me, I had told you on call
do you remember?
yes yes, I do remember. How can I forget it but this... 
how come you got it?
I found it today from my house cupboard
from your house cupboard?
don't know it was hidden in the clothes, as soon as I took out the clothes
it fell on the ground
who will hide it in the clothes?
sister, maybe those people have hid it there
No, no... 
those robbers took away this necklace
I had asked them for it, but they didn't give me & then they left
I mean, if this is the case then how come it came here?
that's what I am thinking!
I haven't gone home since mother's death. The house is closed
only Saqlain goes there
So... has brother Saqlain kept it there?
I had asked him not to keep this amount at home
but still he had kept that amount inside the house
do you know, this necklace was gone uselessly
it means, brother Saqlain had sent the robbers inside the house
what non-sense you are blurting? Be quiet!
let her speak whatever she is saying
I was trying to match the incidents since so long
and I was getting confused
how does that girl look, whom you saw with Saqlain
sister, by looks she seems to be of 22 to 23 years but she seems to be very clever & sly
it seems as if she is such a sly woman and.. 
I saw them, I saw brother Saqlain was doing shopping with her and... 
she was so close to brother Saqlain
Ramsha,.... Ramsha can have a misunderstanding as well, sister
No
Ramsha isn't having any misunderstanding
She must have seen Saqlain with that girl
how can you say this?
I agree that brother Saqlain has been doing fraud about the money with us since beginning
and do you know, our shop wasn't sold in 50 lacs. It got sold in a lot more amount
and I had told this matter to mom
but mom had stopped me by saying that.. 
its the matter of your marriage & happiness
I was so blind
I kept blaming others for breaking my house
but my house..
it was never mine... 
Mahnoor, do you know
sometime ago a girl came to our house
she said, I am Saqlain's wife
what!
then?
then Saqlain came & he ousted that girl from our house and said that she is telling a lie
but she wasn't lying, she was telling the truth
sister Areeba, please control yourself. A lot had happened, then why didn't you tell me?
I had told you
I had told you that Saqlain have changed
his behavior is not good with me
Areeba
sister, brother Saqlain has come outside
she must be upstairs
wait sister Areeba
you won't say anything to brother Saqlain right now
but why? I want to talk to him
No! there is no use of talking to him as we don't have any proof. He'll deny once again
but this?
this is nothing. Let us satisfy ourselves that all of this is true 
talking without proof is just fighting nothing else!
we don't have any proof
but we have this necklace that... 
No!
keep it back right now
please
gather yourself, come
oh wow!
everyone is here
Mahnoor, I had got to know about your arrival as I saw your car outside
but Ramsha
I didn't know about you
greetings!
greetings to you too!
is your anger over or not?
because when you had gone from here, it felt as if you had ended all your relations
brother Saqlain, blood relations aren't so weak
distances can occur in the relations because of anger & fights
but relations cannot break
right
what happened to you? What have you done to yourself?
were you crying?
No
I know both of your sisters doesn't care about you a bit
absolutely correct!
We were unaware from sister Areeba's side, because we had thought that you take very good care of her
who else will take care of her if I won't?
look at her condition
She looks sick
maybe you haven't noticed
how you would have noticed, as you haven't come home since yesterday
there is no need to give me lecture
I wasn't doing an outing, I was out for work
I had a few meetings in Hyderabad
Also, I had informed her. I had dropped her a message, hadn't I?
yes, he did
brother Saqlain, when you were aware that sister Areeba is not well. Then what was the need for you to go to Hyderabad?
you could have taken her to the doctor, right?
is everything alright? Now you have started to give me suggestions too
first tell me, did you come here after seeking permission from brother Toqeer or not?
permission?
Ramsha doesn't need to seek anyone's permission to meet her sisters
she isn't a slave but Toqeer's wife
in fact, she must have informed Toqeer before coming here. Right Ramsha?
yes absolutely! I came here after seeking Toqeer's permission
in fact, the driver had dropped me here
are you listening to your sisters?
I think both of them have started to comfort each other once again
already she has humiliated us a lot, and now again she is trying to do something inappropriate
I'm telling you Areeba
it won't be good if my head bends down in front of brother Toqeer
brother Saqlain, why do you blackmail sister Areeba on every other matter?
I black mail her?
yes! why do you taunt her on every matter?
what has she done, tell me
what as such sin she has committed?
Mahnoor, go away from here. Ramsha, you also go
No, why are you sending them?
they should also get to hear about their doings
listen to me
all of a sudden, your missing ex-lover becomes alive
this poor girl can met him after betraying her husband
but she doesn't have an idea that this matter cannot stay hidden from us
what is going on?
what are you & Wasay trying to do?
I am not having any affair with Wasay and you... 
it means, you had sent Wasay to my office
he came here!
had you sent Wasay to Mahnoor's office? but you had told me that.. 
what else I could have done?
if her ex-lover will come to ask about Mahnoor on our door
then what I should do? The neighbors will ask us question, what is he doing here
what I could have done?
don't you worry about the neighbors
because the neighbors gets to know every single thing every time because of you
it doesn't matter if they ask or not
sister Areeba, if I had been meeting Wasay
then he wouldn't have come to my office
brother Saqlain had sent Wasay to my office
so that Faraz shall see him, and a new storm shall come into my life
anyways... 
take care of yourself
and now stay very carefully
We are leaving
Ramsha, shall we leave?
yes... let's go
*farewell*
Mahnoor
let her go
its better for her to leave from here
its difficult to look into one's eyes when one have a guilt feeling
where is Mahnoor?
Umm... sir, she has gone outside
where has she gone? I mean, did she tell before leaving?
No sir, I saw her going out of the office
She was in a bit hurry
Okay, do let me know when she comes back
Okay
in fact, keep this file
get her signatures done & submit it in the finance department
Ok sir, I will get it signed
where she must have gone at this hour!
I have made such a big mistake
I shouldn't have taken a drop from Wasay
for how many mistakes you'll regret?
Ramsha!
you got me married forcefully
I agree that you don't like Maheer, then you shouldn't have got me married to him
but at least, you shouldn't have done this to me
I know sister Areeba thinks by brother Saqlain's brain
but sister, how come you've let this happen with me?
are you happy with Toqeer? Does he... 
Do you know... 
I feel scared whenever he comes near me
what are you saying?
he is your husband
why are you scared of him?
I don't know
Ramsha, forget Maheer
he was not in your fate and... 
I am understanding your situation
even my heart wasn't satisfied
but maybe all our assumptions are wrong
apparently he... 
he is brother Saqlain's friend
somehow he must be like brother Saqlain
brother Saqlain is such a big fraudster!
which fraud he hadn't done with us? Also, he is betraying sister Areeba as well
and now I think that your allegation was also true
maybe he had added the poison in moms medicines
and today... 
today the poison brother Saqlain has added in mine & Faraz's life
it will kill me as it is
don't know what benefit he'll take now after marrying me to Toqeer
because he doesn't do any work without benefit
don't know what advantage will he get by doing all this
sit inside the car
hello!
how are you brother Toqeer?
I'm absolutely fine
tell me about yourself, where are you doing outings?
you are quite busy in doing outings
where will I go for outings? The work is keeping me occupied day & night
yes I know your office work
Ok listen Ramsha...
brother Toqeer, I am sorry to interrupt you
Ramsha came here to meet Mahnoor & Areeba
did she came here with your permission?
yes, I had asked her to go there
I thought maybe her mood will get better
She keeps crying at home at all times
brother Toqeer, I had asked you to treat her strictly
and listen! you have to stop Ramsha's meeting with Mahnoor
you'll be worried if she gets a free hand
yes, I will see that
you tell me, what's the update about my work
your work is getting done. Just send the money, God willing tomorrow you'll get the money
Okay, let me get you money transferred
Okay brother Toqeer, tomorrow I will come to see you
We also have to do the planning of our new factory
Sure, see you!
why both of them came here? Areeba's mood is also off
what's the matter!
you won't say anything to brother Saqlain right now
there is no use of talking to him as we don't have any proof. He'll deny once again
Let us satisfy ourselves that all of this is true
talking without proof is just fighting nothing else!
we don't have any proof
did you see, how she got furious!
she is having an extra marital affair secretly
that's why I had send Wasay to Faraz
so that he can tell her how secretly his wife is betraying him
time will tell us who is betraying whom
the secret will be exposed soon
that who is betraying their life partner
what do you mean?
nothing
are you fine?
yes, I am fine
No, I don't find you fine. I think we should go to the doctor
No, there is no need of it. I'm fine
you are so stubborn
first, you got me scolded from your sisters that I don't take care of you
shall I go & tell them that you don't listen to me?
lets go to the doctor, go & get ready if you want to then we'll go. Its important
I wish, I hadn't seen the other face hidden behind this face
then today, I would have felt proud on my fate like before after listening to your few words of love
but today... 
don't know what brain washing both of them did of Areeba
foolish woman!
how dare she!
she left the house without informing me
take out my car
keep this amount
the contractor had asked for the money from me, so I got them from the bank
after that he went out of the city for a week
anyways, keep them safely as they are 25 lacs
kindly deposit this amount in the bank
you can withdraw them whenever you want to use them
I am feeling so tensed
what do you think, would it be safe to deposit & with draw the money again & again?
first withdraw the money & then deposit them and then withdraw again to give it to the contractor
its a matter of a few days
Well give him the money whenever he'll come back. Besides, they money is safe inside the house. So why are you worried?
where is the money?
inside my purse
not these, what about those 25 lacs!
what are you saying?
I had told you that I'm in Hyderabad office. I'm sitting in a meeting
maybe you are having a misunderstanding
who can add poison in mom's medicines?
its obvious! the person who used to bring medicine for her must have added poison to them
but mom's medicines...
 I see...
so this is the conspiracy against me conspiracy?
you did a conspiracy to kill my mother by adding poison to her medicines
and there is no doubt that you used to bring her medicines
come Areeba
tell me something doctor, what happened to Areeba?
let me get her few tests done, then I'll confirm you
tests? Is everything alright
yes yes, I hope that everything is fine
what's the matter, Areeba?
you seem quite upset
also very stressed & sad
is everything okay in between you both?
yes, everything is perfectly fine
she wasn't feeling well & I was worried, so I have brought her to you
by the way, everything is fine between us. Tell her Areeba
everything is fine
Okay
I'm prescribing a few tests. kindly show me the reports soon
Okay
Excuse me, let me go & check the call
hello!
Areeba
are you fine?
you will tell me this
I don't want to say anything right now, let it get confirm first
maybe there is a good news for you
what kind of good news, doctor?'
you are expecting
do you know aunt Erum usually ask me to..
do second marriage
you are so courage my child, hats off to your strength
that you've kept their infertile daughter
what!
yes! get these tests done. I will call you myself after checking these reports
are you telling the truth?
my assumption cannot be wrong
I can understand that its a very big news for you
that's why I haven't shared it with your husband as of yet
the reports will come within a few hours & then I will confirm you
just take very good care of yourself & be careful
yes...
I will take very good care of myself
very much..
thank you!
thank you so much!
try to understand, a few matters are very important
Okay I'll talk to you later, Fariya
I'm Fariya, Saqlain's wife
Areeba, do you remember I had told you that a woman came in front of my car accidentally
I had helped her in humanity by giving her some money so that it doesn't become a police case
and don't know from where she got my office & home address. Now she came here to black mail me
I've brought Areeba to the hospital as she is not well
yes, just now I came back from your house. How can I come back again?
Ok fine, I'll try to come
I will try to come to your house after dropping Areeba home from the hospital. Happy?
I have told you that I cannot come right now
don't annoy me by calling again & again
I've kept such a useless staff in my office
what did the doctor say?
she had asked me to get a few tests done
Okay come, lets go to the laboratory
greetings!
what happen to you?
Nothing!
there is something
your face looks so gloomy
see Faraz, she looks a bit worried. 
is everything fine, my dear?
yes aunty, everything is fine
let me go & freshen up
Faraz
did you guys had a fight?
why will I fight with her & that too on which topic?
true that! You hardly fight with anyone, my child
maybe there is no one in this world who favors her so much
even after that, somebody betrays you or hides the truth
then how hurt one feels
I met two three estate agents and all of them said that our shop isn't sold on a less price but on the correct market value
but what did brother Saqlain said?
that the shop got sold in less price
Oh well. Even after knowing everything what can we do? Nothing!
We have to be quiet, because the problem is sister Areeba's marriage
and we'll stay quiet
Maybe you are forgetting that he is not your servant but my husband
and you all are not his responsibility
He does all this because you are my family. He does everything for my happiness
and you!
you want to ruin my marriage!
sister Areeba is right, I shouldn't have told you anything from the start
if I would have told everything to mom or brother Saqlain, then I wouldn't have been blamed for this along with you
I used to think so bad for brother Saqlain for no reason, as he cannot think good about us or favor us
but... that poor guy was fighting with everyone for us
mom & sister Areeba, what's the benefit of giving so much of importance to that person for so many years
and he had been adding poison in our lives
he kept on playing with our lives as we were puppets
I wish, I could take stand for Ramsha today
but I cannot do anything
don't know how sister Areeba would be?
Let me call her