All of it is my fault.
Mother is in this state all because of me.
What are you saying?
If something happens to mother, then I won't be able to forgive myself for the rest of my life.
I asked Mahnoor and Saqlain to take me with them, but they left me there. I wonder how she must be feeling.
Sister, stop crying... I'll call sister Mahnoor and ask her how mother is doing.
Ask her... may God have mercy!
Sister Mahnoor, how's mother, how's she feeling? Talk to sister Areeba, she is a crying mess right now.
Mahnoor how's mother?
Alright... mother and Ramsha will be at the hospital.
Bring my bag, we're going to the hospital. Take care of the house and pray that my mother gets well.
I talked to Haris, he'll be here soon. He'll help us out.
How can a junior doctor help us?
We're present at an expensive private hospital. Doctors take money here and then treat their patients.
References are used in government hospitals. There one can get treated for free as well.
Auntie's doctor is one of the best doctors in this city. He'll take money from us and treat auntie, that's how simple it is.
Sorry, sir, you requested a private room, but we only have a general ward.
But we only want a private room.
For that, you'll have to wait. We'll shift your patient from the CCU to the general ward.
Greetings...
Greetings to you Haris. How are you?
This is Mahnoor.
Greeting sister. Don't worry about it...
I just talked to the doctor. Your mother is in a good condition and by tomorrow she'll get her surgery done as well.
If God is willing.
I'm here after duty as well, so if you need me, I'm here.
Thank you.
There's nothing to thank me for. Is there anything else that I can do?
If we could get a private room. We were trying, but the staff said that there is only one place in the ward.
We want to shift her there, from the CCU.
Don't worry, we'll shift her to the room soon.
I'll talk to the management, they will help you out,
Thank you...
Okay.
Here you go my dear, your money.
Actually, I'm the one at fault. You kept this money with me.
I was the one who got greedy.
My child has no fault in this... she is innocent.
She was helpless in front of my greed. She had to sacrifice her love.
If she had loved me, then she would have stood by me.
She wouldn't have been happy marrying an older guy.
Who told you that I'm happy?
Do you see happiness in my eyes?
You won't be able to stay happy by breaking my heart.
I wasted my savings and what did you two do? You betrayed me and left.
Ramiz, how can I make you believe that I was not the one at fault?
How can I believe that you're telling the truth?
My dear, I'm the one who wronged you...
My daughter has no fault in this. To this day she is struggling.
And I can't see her struggle. I want to give her happiness.
If you can marry...
Are you insane? She is married.
We'll take a divorce, will you then marry her? 
Saqlain compelled me to marry her, otherwise, I wouldn't have married my daughter to such an old man.
I was compelled.
Will he leave Fariya so easily?
Why not? We'll go to court if we have to.
Ramiz, please help me. I need your support to escape Saqlain.
You will help me, right?
I still love you...
I wouldn't have complained if you had stood by me and even now if you promise that you won't betray me...
then I'm willing to help her.
See Fariya, I told you...
that Ramiz is a good man. To this day, he still loves you.
My dear, you've forgiven me and I won't forget that for the rest of my life.
And, when are you filing the case for the divorce?
No, my dear, we can't be hasty. Saqlain is a sly man...
we need to take careful steps in moving against him.
You two sit down and talk, I'll bring tea.
Sure, I'm coming.
I need to take care of something important. If there's an emergency call me.
Sure you can go. I'm here.
God willing, everything will alright.
I can see that you're with them.
Where are Ramsha and Areeba?
They went to see mother inside.
Alright, I'll be back soon. Ask them not to go home alone. I'll drop them off, once I come back.
Mahnoor, please sit down. Your mother will be fine now.
I'll go and check in on mother.
They won't allow you inside right now.
Once Ramsha and Areeba come back, you can go inside.
Right now, please sit here.
Your house is very nice.
And we've taken a liking to it as well.
We are willing to buy this house and we are willing to pay the price that you're offering.
But brother Saqlain we'll need the possession immediately. We don't understand the logic of stretching it out for an entire year.
Look, I cannot empty this house before a year. But I will offer you advanced rent for an entire year.
Your family can live anywhere on rent, if you're selling this house, then why are you trying to transfer it?
This was the final wish of a dying person.
The doctors have given up on my mother-in-law. She only has a year and she wants to spend it here.
So that's the case.
I'm compelled to sell this house. I need money to get her treated.
Otherwise, we would never have sold this house.
Mr. Waqas, you live abroad. Even if you get possession, you'll just lock it up and leave.
A year will go by very quickly.
Alright if you need this...
then we accept this condition.
Alright, I'll go ahead and complete the paperwork.
Sure... get it done quickly. They need to go to America and I need the money.
Don't worry about that, your payment won't be late.
I have to leave now.
Sure. Come on...
Shakeela... is this all that you're here for?
Son...
No auntie, please don't get up.
Thank you. You take something as well.
Sure.
Please call your daughter.
Sure. Please make yourselves at home.
Why aren't you ready yet?
I am ready, what else am I supposed to do?
Fix your face.
Apply some lipstick and put on some earrings. They'll reject you if they see you like this.
Let them reject me.
I don't want to marry as well.
Mahnoor's mother had to get sick today. I asked them both to be here on time.
I told them that the suitor was coming today. But Faraz doesn't care about us, all she cares about is his wife.
Yes mother you're right. They should have planned that heart attack.
Shut up!
Ill-mannered girl.
Neither Faraz nor Mahir is home. All of them are busy.
I am ready...
Apply some more lipstick.
Put on some eye shadow as well. It's getting late, and they have been sitting downstairs for a while.
I'm fine... enough!
Will your mother get well if you stay worried and starve yourself?
If you want to take care of your mother, then you need to take care of yourself.
You've been at the hospital for hours. You'll get sick if you don't eat anything.
Go home, it's getting late. You haven't rested as well.
A suitor was supposed to come today to see Aima.
Mother will handle it. It's not like everything will be taken care of in a single day. It's more important for me to stay here with you.
Yes but, auntie said that it was important for you to be there.
It's alright, don't think about it too much.
Will you eat anything? Should I bring something?
By God's good grace, the tea is amazing. Did Aima make it?
Yes.
I like your daughter very much.
By God's good grace, your son is lovely as well.
Yes... he had an MBA.
That's very good. Aima has the ambition to further his studies as well.
Soon she'll take her admission as well. She is just done with her exams.
Really... is this your home?
Yes... it is. They are well-off people. Her son and his wife are officers as well.
That's why your daughter-in-law isn't here. She must still be working.
No...
Her mother's sick, she's in the hospital with her.
Alright...
We like your daughter very much. We accept this proposal.
Tell me whatever your decision is so that we may move things forward.
Sure, why not? Give me some time. I'll discuss this with my son Faraz...
I'll give you an answer in two days. I've taken a look at your son...
I think Faraz should meet him as well.
When Shakeela told me, I was satisfied there and then.
It seems like she goes shy.
Yes, she is very shy.
Congratulations, the surgery was successful.
Thank God.
Thank God... 
Doctor, can we meet her?
Not now, we'll keep her under observation, after that you can meet her.
Alright...
Excuse me, doctor.
Yes?
Is there something to worry about?
No... the danger has been avoided. With a little caution, she will spend the rest of her life normally.
Thank you, doctor.
I told you that she will be fine.
What's his problem? He's being nicer than he's expected to be.
Either he's very sly, or I made a mistake in understanding him.
He's standing in my way.
I know you love me very much. I know that.
What can I do? I'm compelled as well. Besides you know...
that...
Give it to me.
I'm very tired today.
So you've finally missed me. How's Areeba's mother feeling now?
She is fine... you're quite worried about her.
Why would I be worried? I thought that you were finally rid of her.
But she's still alive.
You've not been home for two days. Do you have any idea how worried I was for you?
How could I have come? I was in the hospital.
Why have you taken responsibility for both mother and daughter?
You bothering yourself day and night. What if you get sick?
Don't worry about me so much. Nothing will happen to me.
Why shouldn't I worry about you? Who else is there in my life but you?
Did you eat?
You still haven't eaten anything?
Should I serve lunch?
Alright...
You care so much for me.
And then there's Areeba, she can't see anyone but her mother nowadays.
She doesn't take care of me as well. Once I get done with them, I'll leave that entire family for good.
Sure do whatever you want. For now, shall I serve lunch?
Sure... please...
Will you let me go now?
Has the surgery been done on your mother-in-law?
Yes.
She was feeling much better. She was shifted to the room just a few moments ago.
Mahnoor was very worried.
You left home last morning.
It's nighttime now and soon as you came home you've started talking about your wife and her mother.
Not once you didn't ask about your mother, sister, or brother.
Faraz, don't you care about us at all?
Why would I be worried about you?
What should I have done? There was an emergency and I was needed there.
Like we don't need you.
I told you that there was a suitor coming to take a look at Aima.
How could I have made the decision alone?
You could have refused then. You could have asked them to come later.
Mahnoor's mother was fighting life and death. And you wanted me to come here to meet a suitor.
You should have talked to Mahnoor.
All you can think about is Mahnoor and her family.
You have forgotten your mother, sister, and brother.
I'm the foolish one who counted on you.
Alright... it's my daughter's wedding and I'll do everything myself.
Take care of your wife and her family's problems.
Now that she's staying at her mother's home, she will take care of her for ten to fifteen days.
Why don't you shift there as well?
I told you not to worry. This was a minor surgery and now it's done.
You have recovered and now you're home as well.
It's because of all of your prayers that I'm sitting here with you all.
Mother forgive me.
I'm very bad, aren't I?
Sister Areeba why are you saying that?
Let me speak. I don't know what I said that day, without even thinking about what I was saying.
And you...
Areeba...
I have wronged you.
Don't say such things, my dear.
Don't blame yourself. I have no complaint against you.
What I said was out of emotion.
I hold Saqlain in the highest regard.
There is no comparison between Saqlain and Faraz.
Forget about it, auntie.
Why are you thinking about it so much? You're not well, so don't think about such things.
Areeba is naive, she speaks without thinking. You should only rest.
Sister...
Are you leaving?
Yes, I'm going back home.
It's been so many days since I went home. I haven't been going to work as well. Faraz has been doing everything alone.
He was going to work and he was coming regularly to the hospital as well.
That's why, I think I should go home now.
But auntie, if you leave, mother will be alone.
And I haven't gone to the university in a week. I need to go there.
I told you before...
I won't explain it to you again.
If you bunk your university to go somewhere out with Mahir...
I told you that was only because of an assignment.
I promise that from now on I won't do anything like that.
You only Mahir from the time you spend with him at university.
If not the entire day, I do see him every day for a few hours.
I know him very well. His attitude...
is very different. I want you to stay away from him.
You can go to university. Sister Areeba and I will be here in the morning.
Listen...
If you want, I'll come with you as well.
No, I think you should stay here with your mother.
It's not right to leave her alone here with Ramsha right now.
You're right.
Thank you.
There's nothing to thank for.
I'm going home if you need anything. Call me.
Sure...
Farewell*
Bye...
Farewell.
Mother...
Do you see this?
This is a new perfume and do you even know its price?
How would I know how much this is?
It's almost twenty thousand and I checked it myself online.
My God! He purchased a perfume for twenty thousand?
I've driven myself crazy saving money...
and he can't stop spending stupidly.
This is not the only perfume that he is, his closet is filled with them. On top of that, he has five branded shirts that he hasn't even worn once.
Mother... how can Mahir afford all this?
Where did he get the money from?
He gets money from someone by lying to them.
It's possible that his friends gave these things to him.
You know the university that he studies in is a host to rich kids.
Do ask him about where he got the money to buy these expensive things.
I'll ask him... now don't bother me.
The slack you cut him has spoiled Mahir.
I've given you all so much slack. Not any one of you listen to me.
Mahir is an ill-mannered man. He becomes rude when I talk to him about something.
And you are competing with him nowadays on who can be the most stubborn.
My only child who was great was Faraz.
Who always listened to me. Every word I said was an order for him.
But ever since he got married and Mahnoor came here...
he has changed as well.
He doesn't care about his mother as well. For you three I only speak nonsense now.
Why did you come back so early? Your mother just came back home, you shouldn't have left her.
Ramsha and sister Areeba are their with mother.
I haven't been home in a while and I haven't been coming to work as well.
The office is fine.
How long will you handle everything?
Besides...
in the end, I have to do everything.
I was only saying it because you would be worried for your mother.
You could have come back when she got a little better.
I...
Faraz is right.
My dear, why did you come back? You should have stayed with your mother.
Besides, it's not like you have any responsibility toward your in-laws.
You do as you wish. You can come and go as you, please.
Mahnoor was forced to stay there and you know that very well.
Auntie needs attention after the surgery. She needs Mahnoor.
Why? Is she the only one responsible for her mother?
Married women are usually worried about their in-laws.
But things are different here.
If your mother wanted to be served by her daughters...
then why did she marry you? She should have kept you with her.
Why did you come here?
Mahnoor... I apologize on my mother's behalf.
No... don't apologize.
Are you crying?
No.
Stop crying, I'll go and talk to mother...
Don't do anything like that.
Her complaint is valid.
It's my fault. I've not been at home for so many days.
It's not her fault.
Still, mother shouldn't have talked to you like that.
I'm not hurt.
I'm just a little worried.
Please don't cry.
I can't handle anything. I try to manage everything...
but in the end, everything I do is wrong.
Please don't cry. I can't see you like this.