how are you?
I'm absolutely fine, you tell me how are you doing?
Thank God I am also fine
I can't see Aima
she is resting as she is not feeling well
please come, sit
please sit
So, is everything fine?
I am absolutely fine, you tell me. You seem a bit worried
the house is quite deserted, also Aima is not well...
in fact, I think your eyes are swelled up
No, there isn't any such thing. Everything is fine
something got into my eye, maybe that's why you can feel the swelling
everything is fine. 
Mahnoor must have gone to the office, right?
No, nowadays Mahnoor is not going to the office
has she left the job?
No, she has taken leaves
why, all good?
yes, she is having exams
please sit, let me bring tea for you..
No, no.. there is no need for any formality
as it is I came to you uninformed
no problem, its your own house
actually I have some work with you & Mahnoor
what work could you have with me & Mahnoor?
actually, the matter is about Yasir but he is hesitating a bit
he said, mom it will be much better if you talk
what work do you have, I mean... 
Actually, nowadays Yasir is so worried about his job
he thought that he will get a promotion but... 
don't know what politics is going in his office that he has become fed up of his job
it happens, one needs to ignore
Yasir's nature is a bit different, he doesn't compromise with things easily
he had applied in Mahnoor's office for the job
he wants Mahnoor to talk to her boss, so that he can adjust him somewhere
Yasir himself is such an intelligent boy, why would he need Mahnoor's recommendation
they will appoint him happily
they will keep him only if there is any vacancy
if Mahnoor & Faraz will talk to their boss for him, then I'm sure he'll take out some vacancy for him
in fact, I must say if Mahnoor talks to her boss then he will take out some vacancy for sure
actually, Yasir's job issue get resolved first then only I'll start wedding preparations
are you getting my point?
yes
let me bring tea
check it, satisfy yourself
yes, check it
satisfy yourself, if you find any jewelry then let me know
are you satisfied?
have you seen the phone?
Ramsha had a phone & she was lying to you that she didn't had a phone
but Maheer had said...
don't take that boy's name in front of me
he will utter every single word when the police will scratch off his skin
Besides, if I & you weren't relatives then I would have filed such a strict case on him
that he would have rot in the prison for life time
I would have punished him myself!
sister Ramsha, your bag
sister Areeba, Maheer is swearing upon his life that he doesn't have any concern with this matter
let me do one thing, let me go & ask Ramsha that where has she kept sister Areeba's jewelry
Mahnoor, wait
sit here
you can investigate Ramsha later
sit
yes
I want to get Ramsha married as soon as possible
Ok fine
there is one proposal
sister Areeba, we will talk on this matter later. Lets resolve Maheer's matter first
why?
don't you think that he'll again contact Ramsha after coming out of the police station?
and both of them will elope?
and Ramsha won't marry due to his support
see, I will try to stop him. He will experience huge loss in his studies, maybe his university will expel him
his life can be destroyed, you...
please take the case back
even after a lot had happened
you people still think that we shall forgive him!
please
Okay
what's the guarantee that he won't contact Ramsha after coming out of the prison?
and he won't try to meet her again?
sister Areeba, what are you saying? Who can take this guarantee?
All of us had tried earlier as well, but what happened?
Fine!
Saqlain will take the FIR back once Ramsha gets married
what are you saying! You are saying about the marriage as if it will happen within a day or two
maybe it happens tomorrow, we'll do all the functions together
really! and with whom you'll wed her off?
there is one acquaintance, Mr. Tauqeer
he is quite well off
I've met him, in fact Ramsha has also met him
who Mr. Taqueer? I'm hearing this name for the first time
do you know him?
brother Saqlain must have brought this proposal for sure, right?
so what difference does it make?
he is a nice person, besides Saqlain considers Ramsha as his younger sister
he is thinking really good for her
Saqlain's social circle is a bit different, this matter will stay hidden
otherwise, whatever our sister has done
her defamation incidents will reach them before them come to our house for her marriage proposal
are you getting it?
Ok tell me what does he do?
he has some huge business
he is an honorable man!
its just that he is bit elder than Ramsha
what's with you! Has Ramsha become a burden on you that you want to get rid of her like this?
she is our younger sister, think for sometime. This is the matter of her entire life
and the way she wants to ruin her life?
She came back home after getting so defamed
it will take some time, & then everyone will forget it
until then take Ramsha's responsibility, spare me & my husband
in fact do one thing
get her married to your brother-in-law & take her to your house
what's with you! Why are you repeating the same thing again & again?
say what Faraz?
Ask your mother to her along as her daughter-in-law
is your immoral & worthless brother capable of it?
he had eloped with my sister
can he take her responsibility?
No, Ramsha cannot get married to Maheer. Besides him...
I don't have any other option besides this
either sit here & keep an eye on her, or fulfill your responsibility
I am going back to my house
my marriage is getting ruined because of you guys
stop it! you repeat the same thing on daily basis
when both of you will not listen to me, then why shall we get insulted?
have you seen her stubbornness?
she won't change! And you are fighting with me while advocating her
and Faraz you!
you came here while advocating your brother, right?
what's the guarantee?
what's the guarantee that both of them will not take any harsh step?
they will take some step
whatever we have decided is for the betterment of all of us
and its right!
we shall get Ramsha married
Saqlain will take the FIR back once Ramsha gets married
and with whom you'll wed her off?
there is one acquaintance, Mr. Tauqeer
he is quite well off
I've met him, in fact Ramsha has also met him
what have you decided?
Ramsha's wedding..
I don't understand anything
sister Areeba isn't ready to listen to me
and that Taqueer, we don't know anything about him
how can we marry Ramsha like this?
my position has also become so awkward that I cannot talk to you on this topic
even my condition is same
and then brother Saqlain, he lies so perfectly!
and then sister Areeba! She doesn't understand anything
she thinks that the only person who speaks the truth is her husband
if we see it from her point of view then...
she is on the right track on this matter
I cannot take Maheer's guarantee, that whether he'll do any such thing again or not
I am feeling so helpless right now
what answer will I give to mom after going home? I don't get it
she isn't eating or drinking anything properly. Also she isn't taking any medicines
what if in all of this...
God forbid, something happens to mom
what will I do then?
don't you worry
everything will be fine once Ramsha gets married
it means you have agreed for the marriage?
I don't have any other option, what shall I do?
Ramsha is not ready to listen to me till date. She does whatever she feels like!
if I take her responsibility, then what's the guarantee that she'll listen to me in the future?
she isn't understanding anything
she thinks we aren't thinking for her betterment, as if I am her enemy
sister Areeba seems completely convinced
She find everything fine except for age difference
I cannot say anything about it
this proposal is brought by brother Saqlain, & he can never think of our betterment
until I don't meet him, that Tauqeer
I cannot say anything
So, its fine... you can meet him
there is no harm in meeting
decide for the proposal after meeting him & giving it a thought
not under their pressure
yes Saqlain
yes, what is the matter Areeba?
is everything fine?
yes, everything is fine. Actually, Mahnoor wants to meet brother Tauqeer
by the way, why does she want to meet him? As you have already met him
yes, I have met him but Mahnoor wants to meet him too
its obvious, if we wed off Ramsha to him then we have to see brother Taqueer's house & so
if this is the matter then I shall consider it in this manner that Mahnoor doesn't have any objection with this proposal
Mahnoor had an objection, but she is quiet now
She had called me. She was saying that she wants to meet brother Taqueer & want to see his house
Okay, let me talk to brother Taqueer
and... do tell Mahnoor not to talk anything inappropriate over there
because I've personal as well as business relations with brother Taqueer
he is one very important person of my life
So I don't want any foolishness
I am compelled because of you, otherwise...
don't you worry
I will explain Mahnoor before going there, she won't say anything inappropriate over there
Okay, I'll tell you after talking to brother Taqueer
Okay, bye!
Mahnoor wants to meet Mr. Tauqeer
you cannot marry me with such a weird & filthy man
really! is he weird?
as if you were about to marry the prince of Kokaf!
the guy with whom you were eloping, do you know his worth?
brother Tauqeer is a millionaire
he will give you all the luxuries of your life
As it is, if a man is elder than a woman then he stays under control
believe me, he will take very good care of you
keep your useless philosophies to yourself!
what do you think? The way you have spent your entire life, I shall also spend in the same manner!
if you will argue in front of me, then I will beat you so much
don't you feel ashamed?
what do you think of yourself?
Who are you!
you've humiliated me in front of all!
in front of my husband, relatives & neighbors
everyone is beating drums of your defamation everywhere
and you! you don't have some shame!
if you had some shame in your eyes, then you wouldn't have argued in front of me
one more thing!
if you refuse for this marriage then Saqlain will never let Maheer come out of the prison
he will rot inside the jail, because of you
because we cannot take any risk until you get married
you will never get married to Maheer at any cost
and this is not just mine but Mahnoor's decision as well!
now its your choice, whether you want to take the curses from his mother or not
May God destroy him! May all of them be ruined
I pray that they get completely destroyed who has trapped my Maheer in a false case
what's with you, mom? Why are you continuously cursing?
what else shall I do then? You tell me
we are facing one problem after another
and Maheer, God knows what he saw in that girl
he is destroying his future after her
what if that wretched Saqlain didn't agree to took back the case, what will happen then?
he will face a lot of loss in his studies
my son used to get a scholarship
God forbid...
if this matter reaches to the university, then Aima won't they expel him?
I don't know, mom
there is a possibility though, I don't know
my God... oh God, where shall I go & die?
what are you saying, mom?
you are saying as if only Maheer is your child, am I no one to you?
its been two days that you've been crying for him without eating or drinking anything
stop it please, I request you. Stop it mom!
No my dear, I do care a lot for you
but my heart is sinking because of Maheer
and then your mother-in-law
She did a weird request
if there is no job vacancy in the company, then how will they give him a job?
and then Mahnoor, Faraz & Yasir works at the same work place. Not at all!
I don't get it, my heart isn't agreeing
mom, so what answer you'll give her?
I don't know
I haven't thought about it as of yet
I will take suggestion from Faraz
Let Maheer's matter get solved first, and my child shall come back home
Okay don't cry, shall I make tea for you?
I don't want anything
I think brother is here, let me check
oh God, please give me some good news
get up, have your dinner
eat it! don't pretend to be a prince. As you aren't one!
Faraz, has Saqlain Agreed?
I knew it. I knew it that wretched man will never agree
because he got a chance to annoy & avenge us
I will try, let me try taking someone's help
you people haven't done good
you people are doing injustice with us
heartiest congratulations to you, brother Tauqeer
congratulations on what? You seem so excited
just consider your work is done
is it done?
has Ramsha agreed to get married?
almost..
but Areeba doesn't have any objection
she was quite impressed after meeting you on that day
in fact, Areeba & her sister wants to meet you
you know its a tradition, also they will be satisfied
I had asked you about the house
you haven't done that work. You have forgotten it, right?
brother Tauqeer, I don't forget or ignore anything
it was your order, how come I would have forgotten it?
there is a house in my sight, its well-furnished. Also the location is really nice
you'll feel good after seeing it
but you have to be careful about one thing
what is it?
I had to lie to Areeba in this case of yours
I had said to her that you are single & you don't have any family
I couldn't discuss about your wife & children with her
So here, you have to keep my word
you did a great job!
even I don't want this matter to come out
neither Ramsha gets to know nor her sisters
its fine then, our problem is solved
now, if you want...
you can come with me, I will show you the location. Its well-furnished
I have to appreciate your brain, Saqlain
it works like a computer
there is a solution of every problem
I have never felt proud on it, brother Tauqeer
let's go!
come
aunty, please have dinner
I don't want to eat
please don't be stubborn, this way you'll fall sick
to hell with you!
I will die, right?
its good, you'll get rid of your mother-in-law
don't say this, may God bless you with my life as well
if you will not eat, then you will fall sick & your blood pressure will get highh
neither you are eating dinner
Nor Faraz has eaten anything, also Aima is not having anything
if you will not eat anything, then they'll also stay hungry. Please eat something for their sake
don't know whether my Maheer had eaten anything or not
he doesn't like anything, he picks issues out of everything!
what will he get at the police station?
please eat your dinner, then Faraz will go to give dinner to Maheer
He will go & request them. At least, they'll let him give the food
yes, ok
First you & Faraz have dinner, then he'll go to give food to Maheer
mom, please have dinner then you have to take your medicine too
Maheer will also come back home in a few days
they must have beaten him a lot, right Faraz?
not much
I have requested them not to beat him again
I pray to God, it happens this way
dear, you also go & have something
you are wandering around like this since morning. Besides, you are giving very tough exams
go... you also go, my dear
So, all of your objections are over or there is still any doubt left?
its not the matter of doubts or so
I just want Ramsha to get married in a good family
with a person who shall take care of her, and she shouldn't feel any pain there
so what do you think?
isn't brother Tauqeer a gentleman?
I didn't mean to say that
by the way he looks fine but I don't understand one thing
he is quite an aged man, so why he hadn't married as of yet?
its his choice..
there are a lot of people in this world who doesn't think about getting married
Besides, brother Tauqeer is so crazy about his work
he had widely expanded his business
also he isn't Karachi based, sister Areeba was telling me
Umm... No, recently he had shifted here
As it is, he roams around entire world
He has got such a big business and he is having some work in almost every other country
and after marriage our Ramsha will also travel, right?
God willing, by the way I am very satisfied
he was talking with a lot of respect when we had met earlier
and today he was being way too down to earth
such a rich & famous person
and see, he doesn't have any pride feeling or so
who meets in this manner?
its not that he has become newly rich. He belongs to a rich family background
and family oriented people are not weak
he seems to be
look, now its the responsibility of you both
both of you have to handle Ramsha, what if she creates a chaos while marrying
now see, my acquaintance with brother Taqueer is quite old
even later, Ramsha has to take care of my honor
Still, if there is any problem then end this matter here. Its not a big deal
No, don't you worry. I'll look into it
Okay
what is this misbehavior? Why were you banging the door?
are you in your senses!
Mahnoor, tell her
We have fixed her wedding