What is this behavior? Why were you beating on the door? Are you in your senses?
Mahnoor...
Tell her, we have finalized her wedding.
If you try and create a scene, then there will be none worse than me
You've already blown our honor to shreds. If you dare try something...
Mahnoor, make her understand.
I'll make her understand.
For God's sake Ramsha. You didn't listen to me. If you had listened to me and not made that wrong decision...
Do you think Tawqir is suitable for me?
Have you seen his age? He's so much older than me, why are you doing this to me?
I admit he's older than you. But sister Areeba...
forget about brother Saqlain. Sister Areeba thinks that he's good for you and she
She cannot take a bad decision for you. She thinks that she's a good person
He's not good. You are always to read people, then why can't you see this?
I know very well that you're just taking revenge on me, right?
I don't know why you guys have become so stubborn over this.
Otherwise, Mahir wasn't that bad. But you didn't let us get married, that's why we're alone today.
And that poor man...
Alright...
If you want me to marry Tawqir, then I will. But I swear to God that I will not see both of your faces ever again.
Never! There is no need for you two to come in front of me ever again!
Faraz...
My dear, I want to talk to you.
Yes mother, what is it? Is everything alright?
I don't know.
It seems that nothing is alright.
Yasir's mother visited us yesterday.
Alright, so?
She talked to me.
About what?
Mahir...
No, she doesn't know about that. That would have been embarrassing.
Then what did she talk about?
Yasir has sent in a request to get hired at your office.
So?
He was telling me that there is no seat available at the moment.
Maybe he'll find a job when a seat is available. But what about his job? I thought he said he had a good job, and he doesn't need to go abroad as well.
Then why does he need to change his job?
I don't know. He said that there was a problem.
Yasir is a strange man and people like him always have problems.
My dear, he said that if Mahnoor talks to her boss...
Mother, Mahnoor...
When did you come back? I thought you went to check in on a proposal for Ramsha.
What happened to that?
Ramsha's marriage has been finalized, she'll get married tomorrow.
You and auntie...
I'll come with you, when is the wedding ceremony?
In the evening.
My heart is content with him. The first time I met him, he talked to me very respectfully.
And today he was so humble. How can such...
a rich man be so humble. There are very few people like him nowadays.
You two are responsible for this. I'm an old friend of brother Tawqir...
Later on, Ramsha will have to maintain my respect.
Mahnoor, tell him that we have finalized her wedding.
What insanity is this? Have you gone insane?
Don't I have enough problems to deal with? Why are you trying to add more to my problems?
What should I do about you? Areeba!
Brother Saqlain let go of my hand...
Areeba....
Let go of my hand.
Areeba, where are you?
Come here...
Let go of me.
What happened?
What happened? Why do you have this knife in your hand?
So that I can slice my throat with it.
So that I may be rid of you people.
What kind of things are you saying?
Ask your sister that, she has something new planned.
She was about to commit suicide, using this knife.
What? She won't die, but she is trying her best to kill us.
If she had been successful, the police would have taken me away.
Her lover is locked away because of her, and now she wants me locked up as well. Haven't we faced enough shame because of her running away?
Have you gone insane? What is the meaning of this?
Will you not let us live in peace?
She's getting married to Tawqir tomorrow, what face will I have left in front of him?
I'll call him right now and tell him that we can't go through with this marriage.
Wait...
This marriage is settled. And it is also settled...
that he will marry brother Tawqir.
Sister, why are you doing this to me? I'm your sister.
That's what's disappointing, that you're my sister.
First, it was Mahnoor and now it's you.
I feel ashamed calling you two my sister. I've been trying to be your sister all this time, but you...
Do you want to ruin your life?
I was going to die. Why did you stop me? You all would have been rid of me.
Why are you wasting your time on her?
Does she care about anyone? She wants all of us in jail. First, it was her lover and now it will be us. Give that to me.
Hold this... kill yourself, so that we may be rid of you.
Slit your wrists, what are you looking at?
Like you can commit suicide. One needs to courage to commit suicide.
Your sisters haven't changed a bit.
But I have a condition...
Condition?
I will marry the man you want me to marry, but you'll have to listen to me.
Otherwise, I will not sign the wedding papers at the vital moment, no matter how embarrassed you guys feel. Hang me if you want.
Are you blackmailing us?
Yes.
It's not like you guys are treating me any better. You guys falsely alleged Mahir...
We alleged Mahir?
You'll have to stop your case on Mahir.
It will end after your marriage.
No.
It will happen before the wedding ceremony.
And brother Faraz will confirm with me when that happens. Only then I will sign the wedding papers, otherwise, I will not.
Alright.
It will be done.
But if you betray me, then nothing good will happen.
Do I have any other option than listening to you?
My husband's name is Faraz. Aashir divorced me two days before my wedding.
And... I was working as a commercial manager for a construction company. Faraz is my colleague.
If you wanted you could have contacted me after you got divorced from Aashir, but you chose a different path.
That is because you thought of me as someone who wronged you. I wanted to give you happiness and unfortunately, I became the cause of your pain.
I wish I could meet you one more time and apologize to you. But...
He's not a good man. You're always good at reading people, then why don't you see this?
I know very well that you're taking revenge on me.
What is the matter?
You look worried to me.
You look worried as well.
Our problems are different at this time.
I'm worried because of Mahir, my mother and...
And?
Why are you worried?
Nothing is hidden from you.
Yes... that man...
His name is Tawqir, right?
How did you like him?
To tell you the truth, I wasn't able to assess him.
I was surrounded so much by my worries that I...
wasn't able to understand anything. Sister Areeba, Ramsha... Mahir... exams...
So many pressures have closed off my mind.
As far as first impressions go he looked okay to me. He was decent, well educated...
No doubt, he's rich as well.
But... still...
I don't know. If only you were with me.
I'll meet him tomorrow.
There's no point in meeting him tomorrow.
Ramsha is getting married tomorrow.
Do you think Ramsha will agree?
What if Ramsha refuses?
I've never seen Ramsha so stubborn.
I don't know... Mahir had entrapped Ramsha.
I admit that my brother was wrong in doing what he did to Ramsha. In fact, he did wrong to all of us.
The foremost thing that love offers is respect. 
Love cannot become the cause of degrading someone.
If Mahir loved Ramsha, the first thing he would have done was to protect her honor.
He would have had Ramsha's respect in our home.
He would have had Ramsha respected in her family. He would have proved himself worthy of Ramsha.
Not everyone is like you Faraz. Everyone proclaims to be in love...
But it's not easy to prove one's love.
You've proved your love every day.
Sometimes when I think about it, I become entangled with it.
Why?
Because I don't understand if I respect you more...
or love you more.
Areeba... hurry up, I want to show you something.
What is all this?
It's your sister's wedding, I brought it all for her.
Yes, I can see that.
Did you want you to send her away in ordinary clothes? Don't you want to keep appearances in front of the world?
The circumstances that the wedding is happening in, I don't understand...
what should happen and shouldn't.
I did try to do everything on time. I was swift in buying all this. Take a look at it and tell me if you don't like something.
Your choice is fantastic, I can't dislike anything.
That is true, but this choice isn't mine.
Really... then whose choice is this?
Brother Tawqir.
Really?
He spends millions in just a short amount of time.
Let me see...
My God... this is so beautiful and precious.
It's brother Tawqir's wedding and he doesn't want anything to be lacking.
That is true.
Ask Mahnoor to reach here on time with his no-good husband.
Saqlain...
What?
You can see the difference yourself when brother Tawqir and Faraz stand shoulder to shoulder.
Should I show these things to Ramsha, it will make her happy.
Sure. Indeed she will be happy.
Careful...
I still have to have her lover freed.
I've got to hand it to them... both sisters have fallen in love with a strong devotion.
But why did his lover come back?
What is the reason? Anyways...
First, let me rid myself of her and then I'll focus on him.
What is it?
Faraz and I will be there at the wedding.
Sister Areeba, Ramsha has listened to you...
Ask brother Saqlain...
Okay...
Ramsha has put forth a condition.
She will not marry until...
brother Saqlain has Mahir freed.
Come on... hero! You've achieved bail!
What do you mean?
You're in luck, your relatives have taken their case back.
And your brother's pleading has worked. He's an honorable man and his time spent pleading worked.
Come on and don't think too much.
Hello, how are you, sister Shaila?
I'm fine. How are you?
I'm well, but you don't sound well to me.
I'm just feeling a little under the weather.
Take care of yourself.
Maybe it's the changing weather.
That is true. Did you talk to your daughter-in-law, Mahnoor?
I asked you to talk to Mahnoor about Yasir's job.
It seems that you've forgotten your son-in-law.
No, I've not forgotten.
I'm not well, that's why I was unable to talk to her. I also mentioned that Mahnoor is having her exams.
I'll talk to her in a couple of days and let you know.
Be sure that it's good news that you tell us!
Yasir's bright future is connected to your daughter's. You have a son and can understand that.
After marriage, men become attached to their wives. If they are settled, ultimately it only benefits their wives.
Yes, I'll talk to Mahnoor soon and call you.
Farewell.
Mahir! Thank God you're back. Do you know how worried mother was... quickly get inside.
My dear child is here. Mahir...
Wait a minute...
My dear child is here. Look, Faraz, my son is back home.
Thank God! Thank God, my child is here.
After thanking God, thank Ramsha...
Don't say that wretched girl's name, because of her...
Because of her, he was bailed out.
Do you know how hard I tried to get him out? Saqlain was out to completely entrap him.
I was sure that he wouldn't have let him out after Ramsha's wedding.
Why are you giving her credit? She falsely accused me of stealing her jewelry.
Saqlain was the one who did that.
Ramsha set the condition that she wouldn't marry until the case on you is taken back.
What?
Today is her wedding and we're going there.
It's your responsibility that he doesn't step a foot outside home.
Everyone had to bear so much pain because of her. Most of all Ramsha.
The one whom he provoked to run away. I want Ramsha's wedding to be concluded without any trouble.
And if that doesn't happen, then I will punish him and you can't stop me.
No, my dear. He will not do anything like that. I'm here and I'll take care of it.
Rather, I'll keep him locked up in his room. He will not get out.
Look at yourself. Your face is swollen and you've gotten so weak.
Aima... bring something for him to eat. I'll come with you to your room...
Mother, I'm fine.
Please... I want to be...
alone for some time.
I don't know... something strange is going on.
I don't think they are interested. Why not? You didn't talk to her properly.
I did pressurize her in front of you.
Do one thing... call Aima... threaten her with breaking off the engagement.
When she cries in front of her mother and brother, everything will sort itself out. Then she will listen to you.
That will do nothing. Aima isn't interested in me, or what I say.
Talk to her affectionately. You're always so annoyed with her. She'll listen to you if you talk to her affectionately.
I'll think about it.
Saqlain was the one who falsely alleged you, not Ramsha. She said that she wouldn't marry anyone until you're freed. She's getting married today.
Mahir... drink this milk.
Where are you going?
I was going outside.
You cannot go anywhere!
I had to see this day because I kept listening to you.
Thank God that you're back home and Aima's in-laws didn't get a whiff of this.
Otherwise, it would have been hard for me to answer.
Sit down.
Drink this milk.
You look so beautiful.
She's getting married now, stop being upset with her.
Stop being her lawyer.
When she gets married I'll offer a prayer of gratitude and then I'll return home with a peace of mind.
What is the matter? Where are you guys planning to go?
Nowhere... I was just saying that we'll return home after Ramsha gets married.
Yes, we'll see to that. Until then why are you guys wasting time here? Guests are arriving, go out and tend to them.
Come on...
Did you have Mahir freed?
Yes, I have.
Ask Mahnoor.
Yes...
I don't trust you.
Brother Faraz... tell me...
has Mahir come back home?
Yes, he has.
Are you satisfied?
That's good.
This is for you, from me and Faraz.
I don't want a gift. Keep it with you.
I bought this for you Ramsha. You're my sister.
If you think of me as your sister, you wouldn't have let them do this to me. You would have stopped them.
If it were Aima in my place and she was about to get married to a man like him, then would you let it happen?
Why are you standing here? The final guests will be here soon.
Come on... Mahnoor... Faraz, come on...