how are you feeling now?
thanks to God, I am much better than before
thank God!
I thought, since there was so much of crowd in the hospital. So I will meet you once you come back home
everyone was with you, your daughters & sons in law
yes
I used to ask Faraz & Mahnoor about your well being
Faraz did such a great care of me
my son is such a nice heart guy, he gets worried if he sees anyone in distress
and then Mahnoor was always so worried about you
these guys follow their wives everywhere
I haven't put any house chores responsibility on Mahnoor's shoulders
she does job, how can she manage home?
if a girl have her own problems then its difficult for her to manage her in-laws house
anyways, I came to give you an invitation
I have kept my daughter Aima's engagement on Sunday
really! heartiest congratulations to you. May God bless Aima with good fate
Ameen
there isn't any big function, its just a small ceremony at home
greetings!
greetings to you too! stay blessed
please keep it here
you have to come
I will try my level best
Maheer!
yes dear, tell me
yes dear, you shall come in a while
it was Maheer's call. He was asking me if he could come to pick me
how can he come to pick you? At least have tea, not just tea I will get the lunch served. So that you can have it before leaving
there is no need for any formality. 
Actually Faraz was busy so he had sent Maheer with me
he doesn't visit any relative's house though, he wasn't ready to come here as well
my son is very shy. He doesn't refuse Faraz for anything that's why he came here
by the way, your children are so obedient
thanks to God
aunty, please take some tea
yes
mom, you also take some
hey, leave it. I will eat it myself
Sir, heartiest congratulations to you
oh brother, will you only congratulate him? What about sweetmeats?
first of all tell me, in what joy these sweets are?
what do you mean? Hasn't maam Mahnoor told you anything?
Sir, an acknowledgment letter is sent to our department for best performance
its such a good news, everyone has appreciated our department
Mr. Faraz, now see you always scold us that we don't work
here, the management has written that the commercial department of our office is the best of all
so this is the consequences of that scolding, you guys perform very well after getting scolded
come on
congratulations to you too!
thank you!
has everyone got it? anyone else needs more?
Fine, I will have all of them
well done Mahnoor! I was expecting this from you. Your department's results are outstanding. Very good!
thank you sir!
absolutely sir, the rest of the managers just talk
but Ms. Mahnoor, you have proved it with your performance. You are one of the best
Faraz, come sit
guys, the higher management is very happy with your performance. You've done such a tremendous job
you have given best performance
and in written, I've specially requested boss to increase your bonus & increment both
as soon as possible. Ok guys?
thank you so much
you are welcome! Ms. Mahnoor, I've got one more good news for you. You'll be promoted this year
so you better get ready for more hard work & challenges
Sure sir, thank you so much!
thank you!
Saqlain, look.. the report is here
my guess was correct, the report is positive
what!
now you have to take good care of Fariya
hey, is this something to say?
let me bring sweets for both of you, lets celebrate
Okay
Saqlain
yes
if today, I will ask something from you then won't you refuse me?
impossible! what do you want? Gold or diamond? name it & I will get it for you
you have given me the most happiest news of my life
what do you want, what is your wish? Tell me so that I can fulfill it
Saqlain, I want to do a business & I would be needing some investment from you
business! but you don't have any know how about it
what's the big deal if I don't have any know how. But I can learn it
but... in this condition?
Saqlain, I will manage & you had said to me that you won't refuse
I am not stopping you but right now you have to take care of yourself & our baby
and its not an easy task to manage a business
Saqlain, I will manage everything. Besides, I won't be alone. I will have a business partner along with me
business partner!
Rameez! he is my aunt's son & mom had made him her so-called son
he had gone abroad, & now he is back. And now he is starting is boutique
and Saqlain, do you know it was long term desire that I should have my own boutique
and you had said to me that you won't stop me
I have fulfilled the biggest desire of your life, & you cannot fulfill such a small desire of mine
hey! I am not stopping you
Ok fine, but on one condition
what?
you have to take very good care of yourself, I don't need any kind of carelessness
promise
really?
thank you so much
here, I've brought sweetmeats for you
have some, not much
at least tell me the reason
actually I have been promoted
oh wow! all praise to God... heartiest congratulations, may God bless you with more success
its all because of your prayers, mom
this is the result of your hard work
you haven't just tried but you have done a lot of efforts too
and you've reached to your destination because of your hard work & struggle
still I have to reach at the destination
let me clear my CSS exams once, then everything will be good
I pray for you guys at all times, my dear
anyways, your mother in law had visited
yes, she must have come to give an invitation for Aima's engagement
dear, I don't have that much courage to attend it. Since she had invited me with so much of love, so I couldn't refuse her
but I won't be able to go, my dear. I will send Ramsha on my behalf
No, there is no need for Ramsha to come
besides, the function is not that big. Its just a small family gathering
I will do an excuse from your side, aunty will also understand it
Okay dear, as you find appropriate
just be careful that she doesn't mind it
Mahi.... dear, try to focus on your family too
I found a bit of complain in your mother in law's words
had she said something to you?
No Mahi, she hadn't said any such thing to me
just try to focus on your family more than us
yes
this is complete injustice with us
we do the hard work all night long, & these managers shall eat the earnings
what else? We were celebrating & distributing sweets upon getting a letter as if we've done some tremendous job
Rizwan, as per my opinion they are doing injustice with Mr. Faraz
Mr. Faraz's grade should have been increased
actually the main obstacle in Mr. Faraz's career is his own wife
now see, since two of a trade seldom agree
the same way, both of these husband & wife cannot work on the same rank
Mr. Faraz wanted to help his wife
what happened? He just got a 5% increment like we got
if she will start focusing on her family then how will she make the life of others a living hell?
no matter whatever she does, but she puts restrictions on others!
what are you thinking?
No, I was just checking the list. Mom had given it to me
shall I look?
I will take mom & Aima for shopping
No, mom will manage
already you are so busy in the day time
what will you do by going on the shopping?
I will manage
Okay, as you wish
by the way, mom have money so you don't have to spend anything
why am I feeling that you are upset with me
No
why do you feel this way?
everyone had congratulated me on my promotion, but you...
maybe I had forgotten
I was so busy in work & then its Aima's engagement so I got busy in it
heartiest congratulations to you!
your success is the fruits of your day & night hard work
by the way, why were you expecting a formal congratulations from my side?
I wasn't expecting this promotion
that's why I had told you that I shall give your appraisal sheet to someone else
so that you can get the complete credit of your hard work
you already know
the GM does managers appraisal himself, he had raised my grade too
I didn't know anything about it
I know
you are feeling that I am being jealous of your success?
absolutely not!
and this cannot happen as well
because this success is because of you
whether its a house or office
if I hadn't got your support, then nothing was possible
and...
I am thinking to resign from my job
don't ever do this stupidity
what kind of stupidity? I have to leave the job after 6 months as well
so let me leave it now, Beside I am doing this job just for gaining experience
yes, but still continue your job until your result comes & your training starts
I will always support you
thank God!
otherwise, I was sacred what if you...
Mahnoor we...
no matter if we don't think wrong, but others make us think wrong
that's why they say that one shouldn't listen to others
what do you mean?
nothing!
shall we drink tea?
yes
greetings, sister Suraiyya
greetings to you too!
how are you doing?
where is mom?
madam is upstairs
Okay, please bring tea for Saqlain
yes sister
Areeba
one minute, please
yes
haven't you discussed that matter with your mother?
which one?
about the girl who came to our house on that day & started to talk rubbish!
I don't want to worry mom by discussing all these things
Besides, you had told me that she was lying & talking rubbish
yes, you did great by not telling this to your mother
her health doesn't allow to know such rubbish matters
you did great! I hope you haven't told Mahnoor
No, I haven't talked about it with anyone
yes
I am feeling so ashamed
what will people say when they'll hear it
that I did a good deed with such a stupid & shallow person
now leave this topic, but be careful next time
people take undue advantage of your soft nature
and you should know this
yes... I will be careful next time
come, lets meet mom
lets go
its Mahi's sister in law's engagement ceremony
so, will you go on the engagement ceremony?
No, I was thinking to send either gifts or money with Ramsha
suggest me, what shall I do?
mom, I cannot comment on this matter. He will guide you better
I had told Mahi
that Ramsha will attend the function in my place, but she refused
why had she refused?
if you are unable to go, then Ramsha can go at your place
Besides, they have invited us for the very first time on their event. And it will look so bad if none of us will attend it
yes, he is absolutely correct. Mahnoor is so stupid
its the matter of her in-laws family, one should think about it
alright then Ramsha, be ready I will drop you off at Mahnoor's house
anyone can drop you back home from there
yes
haven't you gone mad?
you want me to get exposed in front of your husband?
so, don't you love me?
I do love you but... 
then no ifs or buts
we've got only one way to defeat Saqlain. that we should have the same amount of wealth as he has
otherwise, you won't be able to compete him
what if he gets to know about us, then?
who will tell him?
he only knows that you my cousin, and my mom's so-called son
you have to stick on the same thing, understand?
what if something goes wrong, then?
you are getting scared for no reason, nothing will happen. This is why I am making you meet Saqlain
so that he can be satisfied.
and yes! make a proposal for boutique
it will give a good impression on Saqlain
hmm...
good idea!
Rameez, I trust you that's why I am making you meet Saqlain
I know you can do anything for me
and now everything depends on you. How you keep my honor & trust intact
I can give my life for you, Fariya
all praise to God! you are looking so pretty
but your smile is missing. Today is such a big day for you, at least smile a little
what kind of brainwashing you are doing?
No aunty, actually I came to do Aima's makeover
Are you done? Now leave
there is no need to do her brainwashing
its a joyous occasion, I don't want anything inappropriate
okay
sister, one minute
Aima...
mom, you say anything without even thinking
sister was explaining me that I should be happy today, because its such a big day of my life
and you have started to scold her
Aima, be quiet
she is our elder, she can say anything to us
she is your mother, one shouldn't talk like this with their elders
she is ready
mom, don't do so much injustice with sister in law that I have to bear the consequences of your wrong doings
please come.
Mahnoor, look who is here
hey Ramsha!
greetings!*
how are you? And with whom you came here?
I came with brother Saqlain
he said, since mother is not well & she cannot go so you should go
and, mom has sent a few gifts for you guys
hey Ramsha, there was no need for these gifts. Since you are here so its enough for us
please sit, let me go & change
its quite late now. 
Mahnoor, had you taken out my clothes?
yes, I have hanged your clothes after pressing them. Please go & get ready
you have to be quickly get ready too, we have very less time
Ramsha, I had told you not to come here
yes, so I haven't come here as per my will
brother Saqlain had brought me here, you guys have made me a football!
and if you want me to leave from here, then I am leaving right away
Maheer
yes
hey, where have you been? I've been looking for you since so long
I'm here since morning, where do I have to go?
oh dear, a lot of work is left and the guests are about to come.
Faraz has been working since morning, now you also do some work
Okay
hey Ramsha, when did you come?
just a while ago
greetings!*
your mother hasn't come?
No, actually mom was so unwell so she asked me to go
yes, I can understand. 
Mahnoor, make her sit, why is she standing?
yes
come with me, sit in Aima's room
stay there until I get ready, come
come on
you seem worried
No
but you look quite disturbed by your face
hasn't mom said anything to you?
No, aunty hasn't said anything
and I'm thinking that Ramsha had left mom all alone, what if she gets unwell then?
don't take tension. She must be fine, otherwise she wouldn't have sent Ramsha
yes
umm... you haven't told me that how am I looking
you are looking so pretty
thank you!
honestly
even you are looking so nice
thank you so much!
please get well soon, I am so worried for you
Umm... shall we leave, Areeba?
how can we leave mom alone?
hey, no dear its quite late night now. You guys shall go
No mom, God forbid if something happens to you then?
No Areeba, Ramsha must be on her way back. Don't worry about me, besides...
Saqlain is tired, let him rest
No aunty, I am not that tired though. Also Areeba is right
its not appropriate to leave you alone in this condition
let Ramsha come, then we'll leave
Areeba, till then do one thing. Bring me a nice cup of tea
yes, let me bring it
come here
what are you doing?
can't you see, how Maheer is surrounded by other girls!
when will you remove this blindfold from your eyes?
sister Shehla, if you allow then can we start the rituals?
yes absolutely, please start
don't take too much tension about me
hey, you've taken my entire tensions. May God keep you happy
you take very good care of this house & of me
if I would have a real son, even he wouldn't have cared so much the way you do
no matter if I am not your real son, but still I am your son
you guys should leave as soon as Ramsha comes, as its quite late night now
Maheer
Maheer, actually....
Ramsha!
come, let me drop you home as its quite late night now
shall we?
Faraz, go & sit inside the car with Ramsha. Meanwhile, let me go & change
Sure
Okay?
Come on
it has become very important to answer you
you had insulted me, right?
soon, I will take its revenge from you