Natasha look, now spit your anger & come outside
what are you achieving by shutting yourself in the room & doing hunger strike?
neither you had an emotional attachment, nor any relation or chat with Nisar. Then why are you angry?
so when did I say that I like him? Or I am dying after him?
I am angry on my insult
I am unable to digest the fact that how come they have liked that girl in my comparison?
what is her worth?
she isn't beautiful than me
then how come they have liked Fizza, mom?
look, they have seen something for sure
that's why, they have preferred her after leaving Safder Kamal's only daughter
I've told you many times, to focus on your way of talking with  people
try talking to people with soft & polite attitude like Hadia
for the sake of show off
but try improving yourself
at least try a bit how your father wants you to be, Natasha
look! your only quality shouldn't be that you are Safder Kamal's daughter
there should be grace & attraction in your personality
so that you can be praised in our entire circle
and then you'll see that you will get so many suitors
please mom! I cannot pretend like your daughter in law
I am fine the way I am
why should I change myself for the suitors? What is the need for me to change myself?
and what do you think?
they liked Fizza because of these qualities?
Not at all!
their son must be disobedient like yours
because of whom they wanted an innocent & poor girl, whom they can dominate
No! Nisar is not a licentious or disobedient guy
everyone praises him for his attitude in the entire cirlce
that's why we wanted him to become our son in law
but now its Mr. Aleem's fate
he got a lottery. He must be so happy
there isn't any such thing
neither we are happy nor we are proud
marriage are based upon fate
our dad had never wished to wed us off in palaces
he had always preferred honor over wealth
oh really!
that's why your father had wed off his dearest & wise daughter with a licentious & rich guy
what's the big deal in it, mom?
he is the only son of a rich father
its not a bad deal, right sister?
its your delusion
this marriage didn't happen on my father's wish, but it had happened upon Safder uncle's insistence
and Faizan's reality was kept as a secret from us before marriage
if my parents had an idea about his bad deeds, then they wouldn't have wed me off over here ever
no matter Faizan is licentious, but he is far more better than you
if you wouldn't have got married to Faizan
then you would have been sitting in some school's master's house, like your father
rich guys doesn't have any scarcity of beautiful girls
even today every beautiful girl is after my son
not on him! but on his father's wealth
and I am not among those girls who runs after money
but still I will try my best to fix Faizan
not because I am his wife & its my duty
in fact, because he is Safder uncle's son
and I respect him a lot
I respect him like a father
and I had promised my father
that I will never give any chance to complain to Safder uncle
I will fulfill all his expectations
and in order to fulfill that promise, I am present in this house today
and don't you worry
my father will not marry his daughter at such a place
where his friend will be hurt, if he ties relations with them
now leave your anger, & have food as you haven't eaten anything since yesterday
did you see?
your father liked all these cruelties
learn something from her
this naive attitude, simplicity etc
the parents of Pakistani guys like such things
please, I don't need to impress anyone's parents
next time if you seek any proposal for me, then make sure that he doesn't have parents
he should be orphan, but rich & only son
I don't like big families
these in-law tantrums! I can't handle it
now don't talk rubbish! Eat your food
you know I love you right?
Hadia cannot take your place
what's the big deal if she came into my house, but only you are there in my heart
and I promise, you will always be there
No, don't even think of coming here
first of all I want to earn my dad's trust & then I have to take over his business. And its very important for me
Ramsha, try to understand. Its a big decision for me, & I cannot take it like that
understand my position, nobody will accept this marriage
leave dad, nobody else will accept it
listen! right now I have nothing, its all of dad's
Rmsha, I cannot take a stand right now. Please understand, Ok?
I'll talk to you later, Ok... bye!
you have to email these inspection reports of all the 3 restaurants to uncle, but...
maybe you are very busy in your girl friends & their problems
it seems that you are habitual of eavesdropping like your mother & sister
they are at home
and you are here in office
Razi, listen to me very carefully
the way my father gives you so much of importance
its not because he loves you or considers you as his son
he is using you
he is taking advantage of you
the day I take over all of this
and started to run this business, that day you will learn your worth
leaving office
you won't get a place in our house as well
even I don't want to live in such a house, Faizan
what is the benefit of staying in such a house
where people's heart is more harder than stone
and for your kind information, Mr, Faizan
I haven't come here on uncle's recommendation
uncle had insisted me for this work
in fact, the place where I was working. I was very happy & Satisfied
what to do
when a person's child proves to be worthless
then he has to trust on a person like me
anyways..
are you really in love with that girl?
what was the need for you to ruin Hadia's life?
but no
you need this property too
you cannot afford the luxuriousness with girls without money
Faizan
no girl in this world will cater you without money, even if its Ramsha
you really need to shut up Razi
why you did this?
fortunately if you have got a girl like Hadia
then why are you doing this?
Hadia doesn't deserve all this
Faizan look
there is still time
tell uncle clearly & rectify your mistake, what if it gets too late
what if a nice girl like Hadia leaves your life
enough!
enough of your rubbish!
who gave you the right to talk in my personal matters!
yes
you are right
who am I?
its your personal matter
its your life, spend it in whatever manner you want to
but listen to me very carefully, Faizan
I am giving you some time
I will not allow you to play with Hadia's life anymore
what if..
I tell uncle about yours & Ramsha's entire love story
you need to get out, Raazi
right now!
do think about it
I need water in my office
right away
greetings aunty!
greetings to you too! How come you are here? Have you come alone?
actually my class ended a bit early & I was missing my sister so I came to meet her
where is she?
she is at home, inside her room. You may go
Okay
by the way, you've completely changed after coming to Karachi
earlier, you used to wear head scarf but now you are wearing a scarf around your neck
no aunty, actually I used to wear the scarf like this earlier as well
hmm... and by the way, a person should always groom themselves
and now you are getting proposals from rich families, look at your sister
even after becoming the daughter in law of such a big family, she doesn't have a bit of fashion sense
teach her something
yes, shall I leave?
yes, go.. now you will keep visiting
since you've moved to Karachi
yes
greetings!
why she came here?
how dare she to come here?
talk softly she will hear you. Her sister lives here, why she won't come?
this is my father's house! Go, tell her
if she likes to meet her sister, then she may call her to her house
what is the need to come here on regular basis?
surprise!
how come you came here? All alone?
yes! in an auto rickshaw
why?
because I am not a coward like you, that's why. I can come all alone
mom was right
you've changed a lot after coming to Karachi. And you know how to make talks
really! so mom talks such things about me?
Ok sit, let me ask them to make tea for you
in fact, its lunch time. Lets have lunch together
No, no... sit here
sister, I don't want to eat lunch. I've already done
sit with me for a while, I want to talk to you so much
what happen, why are you crying?
has someone said something to you?
nobody has said anything
I met you after so many days
so I got a bit emotional after seeing you
even I miss you a lot
do you know
mom & dad are so worried for you
why?
I haven't complain them about anything
its not necessary that every time one shall complain with their mouth
sometimes, a lot is said without saying
and then the behavior of your in-laws
there isn't any such thing. You guys are having a misunderstanding
yes, aunty is a bit nosy and...
Natasha is blunt, she says whatever is there in her heart
but they are not bad at heart
and brother Faizan?
he is also very nice, he has started to take good care of me'
don't worry for me
whatever it is, sister
my heart doesn't accepts this
it doesn't seem by looking at you that you belong ton this family
yes, greetings!
I am absolutely fine
how are you brother Rahman, & how is your wife?
they have refused?
but why?
what can I say?
anyways, I will try my level best to convince them
Ok, tell Nisar not to cancel his flight I...
I will let you know within few days after talking to him
Ok
bye!
Farwa, do one thing
make me a cup of tea, I am having headache
why didn't you tell me earlier? I would have given you a head massage
greetings, sister!
greetings to you too!
where is Shina?
she has gone to the parlor with Natasha
Okay, and where is Hadia?
her sister is here, so she is with her
hmm.. Ok. Sister, I am going to get freshen up
yes yes
why didn't you tell me earlier, I would have given you a head massage
leave it, just get me some tea
Okay
by the way, tell me something. Why you gave my number to Nisar?
although you know that dad had rejected that proposal
because I want you to take your life's decision yourself
yes sister, but dad had already rejected that proposal and...
you know the reason behind rejection
I think dad did wrong
in order to save my marriage, he had rejected such a good guy like Nisar
dad have to reconsider his decision
what do you think, dad has rejected this proposal just to save your marriage?
he had rejected so that Safder uncle doesn't get upset
and not just because he is your father in law
its because he is dad's really good friend
and dad doesn't want anything to come in between his & uncle Safder's friendship
how can a person wed off his daughter, by upsetting his such a good & loyal friend
sister look, we can get a lot of suitors
but dad & Safder uncle's friendship is very precious
God forbid if it got stained by any suspicion
then dad will be shattered badly
that's why dad got his dearest daughter married to his son without even thinking
otherwise, just tell me there is a lot of difference in you & brother Faizan
whatever it is, I just realize one thing
no matter how rich a person becomes in this world
they cannot write their children fate
anyways, leave this topic. Tell me, tomorrow is a weekend
when are coming to our house?
I am going to Hyderabad, & you will come along with me. Ok?
I cannot promise, but I will try my level best
promise?
thank you!
how are your studies going?
its going very well
I've made new friends in the hostel, I enjoy in the university
when they have rejected then what is the need for you to go there to convince them?
how are you concerned with all these matters?
they have refused because I was upset
he had always sacrificed for me & my friendship. And I...
I was being suspicious about him
I have to convince brother Aleem at any cost
otherwise, my conscious will keep criticizing me for life time
and your daughter will never forgive you
she will never tolerate that Nisar's wedding gets fixed with Fizza
then tell her how to tolerate!
you need to advise her how to tolerate, if you cannot do that then ask her to learn it from Hadia
how she tolerates every bitter words of yours & your son's
as far as Fizza is concerned
her marriage will be fixed with Nisar at all cost, in fact her engagement
I will do her engagement ceremony in my house
what!
yes!
because brother Aleem did so many favors on me
and now its my turn
I won't let him lose such a good suitor
try to think about your daughter ever, like a father
you are doing injustice with her
she is my daughter, the piece of my heart
how can I do injustice with her, Shina?
she is the piece of my heart, that's a different matter that she is disobedient
I've talked to the city's biggest marriage bureau
you'll get a suitor as per your expectations & status
wait for a few days!
please! and till then keep your mouth shut
mom
mom, Uncle Safder is here from Karachi. Dad has asked to do preparations for lunch
Ok, come... let's meet him first
hey Safder, what is the matter? you came in such a hurry, tell me what would you like to eat?
No, brother Aleem there is no need to do any formality
actually I want to talk sister in law about something important, so please call her
greetings!
greetings to you, brother
please sit
yes
sister, the reason behind coming here to apologize to you from the bottom of my heart
for what?
believe me, I wasn't aware of what happened at my house yesterday
but yes, I am amazed that you have rejected such a nice proposal
brother Aleem, Mr. Rehman is a very old friend of mine
and I know him, he is such a pious man
and his son is a very well educated guy
he is an intelligent guy. You guys could have taken my suggestion atleast
their family background is quite religious, I mean
I am sure that our daughter Fiza will stay very happy there
I can guarantee you, you can handover your daughter to her with closed eyes
I'm sure that they are very nice & respectable people
but...
we think that it would be better if they shall fix their son's marriage in a family as per their status
maybe our daughter won't be able to adjust there
what do you think?
your daughter Hadia isn't happy in my house?
No brother, this is not the matter
actually the reality is that
Hadia had told us that you guys are interested in Nisar for Natasha, that's why
even Fiza is like my daughter
what do you think that ..
if they will like Fiza & reject Natasha, so I will mind it?
do you think that I am like that?
No Safder this is not the matter but..
no ifs or buts, brother Aleem
they are coming on next Sunday for an engagement, just start your preparations
both of the children will get married. I've decided, please!
and one more thing, sister
I will do Fizza's all arrangements myself
I've got such a big team of my restaurant, we'll do the function somewhere. Its not an issue
brother, how is this possible? What will people say?
what about people, sister?
let them say
just look at your happiness & others ease
sister, their friends circle is really big
mostly his friend circle & relatives lives in Karachi, & for them coming over here. Please
don't delay this, just proceed with it. Trust me
everything will be fine, brother Aleem
Safder has put me in an ambiguity once again
I can't say anything about you
you've agreed so quickly
you didn't took time to think at Hadia's time, and same goes with Fizza
you've agreed so quickly
and...
how did you agree to do the engagement ceremony at his house?
you didn't let me say anything, also you stayed quiet too
sister in law is not happy with this
you shouldn't have said yes
he had talked with such an honor, that I couldn't refuse
you haven't learn to refuse
I am worried that how will sister Shina react on this matter
did you talk to Fizza?
yes, yesterday I had a word with her
So... doesn't she have an objection?
we haven't given her an option to do an objection
you've said yes on every word of brother Safder's
you stayed quiet in front of Mr. Rehman, & agreed on everything
now tell Hadia to come tomorrow
also ask brother Safder too
he can come if he has time
I think it would be difficult for Safder to come but...
Faizan will bring Hadia
Faizan will come here?
who had said this to you?
look, Safder had told me that Faizan will bring Hadia
in fact, he has promised that it will happen this way
its out of question that I go there & that too with Hadia
no way!
Faizan, your dad is insisting
if you can refuse him then go & talk to him
I don't want to talk to him about anything
Besides, its not an engagement just a formal ritual. There is no purpose of going there
Faizan, please go today
make your father happy for some time
Besides, there is no need to go to the engagement ceremony as the function is going to happen at our house
what!
how can that girl's engagement ceremony happen in our house? How can dad agree to this?
what do you mean?
the entire proposal got fixed upon his insisting
because brother Aleem had already refused
they will refuse?
its a lottery ticket for them, why would they refuse?
by the way I don't get it
how do they trap the parents of such rich guys?
and mom, why didn't you stop him?
only if somebody will listen to me
there isn't any importance or value of my words
I don't understand, why is he doing all this?
a girl's family whom I don't give any importance, he is doing that family's function in this house
he is doing a lot for this family, I don't understand why!
nobody from us will attend the function, Faizan you too!
whatever
Faizan, I've already promised your father that you'll go this time
you have promised him, so you may go. But I am not going
Faizan, listen to me
Faizan
how shall I contact him?
his phone is coming to be switched off
do one thing, send Hadia along with the driver
what!
the driver isn't there?
Ok, let me do something
uncle, this is the final report so please check it once
yes dear, I will look into it. Do one thing
go home, as you need to take Hadia to Hyderabad
neither Faizan or driver is present in the house
but uncle, I?
yes dear, you
Besides, few guests are coming to see Fizza so..
do one thing, come back with Hadia as soon as their guests leave
Ok
thank you dear!
yes mom, don't worry. I will be there on time
Faizan must be here anytime
it seems he is here. Ok, I am leaving, bye!
maam Hadia
yes
sir is waiting for you inside the car
you go, I am coming
Ok
thank you so much Faizan, mom & dad will be so happy...
you!
actually Faizan was busy somewhere
so uncle had sent me to drop you to Hyderabad
but why you?
dad must have asked any driver
you are right
maybe, there wasn't any driver available
therefore I had to come
shall we go?
wait a minute
what happen, don't you want to go?
let's go now
can you please sit in the front?
the journey is very long and...
a lot of problems can come on the way
if you will come in the front then
actually I wanted to talk to you about something important
maybe this way I won't be able to say it
please come in the front so that I can tell you in detail
but I don't want to talk to you about anything
it would be better if you focus on your driving
Hadia, I think there is a misunderstanding in between us
and I think, we should remove this misunderstanding
but I don't think any such thing
Besides, we need to remove misunderstandings where we have a relation
and we don't have any relation
please, at least care about my respect
no matter if we don't have a direct relation
or close relation, but we had a relation
please come out for its sake
brother, park the car over there if you don't want to go inside
yes
Please
Please
mom, he has gone to Hyderabad
he will come by night
Razi should have refused. Safder asked him & he had gone
you know, he doesn't say "No" to uncle
and you gave this order to him
my heart fears that there will be a storm in the house, if anyone gets a hint
mom, nothing as such was there in between both of them
it was a temporary attraction, which ended after sister Hadia's wedding
Besides, they are living here since quite a long time. Has anyone got to know anything?
but still
but still its not appropriate for both of them to go together
the same way its not appropriate for us to live here, but we are living here
as uncle's puppets
honestly speaking, even you cannot say "no" to uncle. And you've made brother follow the same habit
according to me the entire fault is of uncle's
why he had sent sister Hadia with a young stranger guy?