You have no relationship with this house anymore.
Your friend is gone now.
And you've already ousted your daughter-in-law.
Go away from here.
I'm deeply saddened by what happened. Not only was he my friend, he was my brother,
Because of him...
I want to give Hadia another chance.
If she wants to forget her past and live with Faizan, then I'm willing to take her back.
I don't want any favors for your forgiveness.
My past was never shameful that I would want to forget about it.
Everyone makes mistakes.
But the wisest of us are the ones who accept our mistakes.
Do you still hold me responsible?
Your father wasn't able to bear this pain.
One of us is responsible for this.
Then what is the need in forgiving me and taking me back home?
If you still doubt my character...
then send me the divorce papers.
Otherwise, I'll have it sent to you.
I can sacrifice every relationship for my character.
I don't want to live with your son.
You can go from here.
May God forgive his sins, amen,
What happened? Who was it? Why did you get so upset?
Brother Aleem has died.
What?
How can that be?
There isn't any good news related to them.
I don't understand. What happened so suddenly that took away his life?
I heard that her elder daughter was having an affair with Safdar's nephew. After that brother, Aleem had a heart attack...
Really... Shina was right then. I thought she was speaking the truth...
What do you mean? What are you saying?
A few days ago I was talking to Shina on the phone, and she was speaking ill about her daughter-in-law.
But I didn't pay much attention to it. But now I'm shocked at how all of this can happen.
I don't know how brother Aleem raised his children. But it's good that we don't have any association with them.
Otherwise, we would have had to endure so much concerning these girls.
You are right.
It's good that this relationship is over. But brother Aleem was a good man.
May God forgive his sins.
Amen,
There is no need for you to tell anything about this to Nisar. It was hard for him to forget about all this.
I don't want that girl to be mentioned in this house again.
Yes, don't worry, he won't find out about this.
When did he say that he was coming back?
He'll get here tomorrow, or the day after tomorrow.
As soon as he comes back, prepare for his wedding.
Please get me a cup of tea.
Sit down, I'll bring you one.
Forgive me, brother Aleem.
God be my witness, I didn't want to be cruel.
If I made a mistake in haste, then I ask for your forgiveness.
You leaving this world...
is a source of great sadness for me.
I have never forgotten your favors.
I will never be able to... I tried repaying them by making Hadia my daughter-in-law, but...
but I wasn't able to. You leaving like this has increased the burden on my heart.
Where are you preparing to leave?
Mother, think that my prayer has been accepted.
And now it's time for me to touch the sky.
Have you achieved something again?
It's nothing small that I've achieved. Faizan is now under my control.
Enough of these riddles and be straightforward.
Faizan has finally told his family about me, and he's also asked to pack.
Really?
Yes, now only I will be Faizan's wife and Hadia's chapter is now closed.
That is amazing news. I'll go pack my stuff as well.
Mother, actually I can't take you with me right now.
Why not? You promised me that you will take me wherever you go.
I want to go to that big house as well.
Try and understand. Let me make my place in that house first.
Then I'll call you to me.
Promise me...
that you won't forget your mother.
How can that happen?
Alright, when is Faizan is coming?
He didn't tell me that, but he said that he'll be here soon.
I don't trust Faizan. He never comes when he says he will. I don't think he'll come this time as well.
Why don't you go there yourself?
I should go myself?
Why not? Faizan has already told everyone about you there. Go that and take your right.
I don't know about that... what if Faizan gets upset?
Forget about him... he's a coward.
He doesn't know anything other than being afraid. You have a right over that home...
Go there and live peacefully.
I don't know. I don't want to be hasty...
and ruin my entire plan.
As you wish. But I'm very happy to hear you're going there.
Don't forget me, alright?
Forget that and help me pack...
Why are you taking these old clothes? You'll get new clothes there.
Bless you... don't forget me.
Hadia...
My dear...
Your father has left us...
He left us here alone.
Fizza's engagement has broken off as well.
I was thinking...
that you should accept what brother Safdar said.
Compromise...
At least your happiness can be salvaged.
What happiness?
In this one year of marriage, I haven't seen a day of happiness.
And the few days I did find happiness, turned out to be fake as well.
This child's presence is the only thing that forces me to smile.
Otherwise, I'm starting to forget how to smile. What happiness are you talking about?
My dear, I was just...
Mother, I'll accept every one of your commands...
but asking for forgiveness means that I accept that I had an affair with Razi...
And that night I was the one who called him there.
And if I go to that home after accepting something like that, then what respect will I have left in front of the people inside that house?
I'll be taunted and my character will be blown to shreds every day.
How can I endure all of this? I can manage to tolerate my in-laws' taunts...
if my husband were to trust me. But for me...
there is no ounce of respect for me over there. For whom should I apologize then?
Forgive me, my dear.
I didn't want to give you more pain by saying this.
No mother...
Nothing you say ever brings me pain...
But I just cannot crush my self-respect...
and go back there. Forgive me...
And I can also understand that...
life doesn't stop when one dies.
We cannot turn away from the truth.
That's why I have decided...
that I will...
run father's school so that we can get by.
I'm with your sister. I will help you...
Faizan is involved with some girl.
He talks to her on the phone and he meets her every day.
And he even buys her extravagant gifts. He just bought her a set worth twelve lacs.
For Natasha, you need to find a good man from a good family, but don't worry about me.
What do you mean?
I've already married.
With Ramsha.
Safdar your medicine.
Why did you go there when you know that you get unwell on such a long journey? We don't have anyone we know there as well
You shouldn't go there for no reason.
Please, I'm in no mood to talk right now. Please go.
But Safdar...
I said please go.
Mr. Razi, this is Ramzan speaking.
You had some investigation done about Fawad?
Yes, I did. Did you find any information about him?
Not only information, but Fawad is also sitting right in front of me.
He has said a lot of things. If you want to find out something more, please come to the office.
Very good. Thank you so much. No matter what happens, don't leave him. I'll be right there.
Okay alright.
Thank God.
I've packed all my stuff, shall we go now?
Sorry Ramsha, we can't go now.
Faizan, you told me that you were going to take me with you.
Then why are you turning away from what you said?
Faizan, what is all this? How much longer will you keep playing with my emotions?
I'm not playing with my emotions but please understand that I cannot take you anywhere right now.
But why?
Hadia's father has died, that's why.
What's that have to do with you not taking me to your home?
What's the matter with you?
Why can't you take Ramsha home with you? She's your wife.
And your home is her home.
Father is very upset. He was his childhood friend and his relative.
I haven't told my father about us yet, only my mother.
What?
You still haven't told father about us?
I told you Ramsha...
Faizan is a cowardly man, we cannot trust him. But you didn't believe me... do you see now?
Ramsha trust me, I will tell him when the time is right. But not now.
I don't trust anything you say anymore.
Can you both please calm down?
I'm already worried, and you two are only adding to it.
I said that I'll tell you, so I'll tell you.
That time will never come.
Mr. Razi..
Greetings, how are you?
This is Fawad...
He's taken money before to do these things before.
There are many complaints against him. That's why he keeps switching cities...
This time intended to stay in Nawabshah. He came back for his mother and we caught him.
These are his phone call details.
The rest is up to you.
Thank you so much. You have given me the entire information.
Thank you very much and thank you for permitting me as well.
Thank you.
I don't want to read these details.
Who asked you to do this?
Because I know that you're a serial blackmailer.
Tell me.
Fawad, time is precious, for you and me. Cherish it.
I can have you out on bail...
only if you tell me the truth. Otherwise, you'll be in jail for at least five years.
I request you to tell me the truth and we'll forgive you.
I didn't know her.
Wait for a second...
Now speak.
I didn't know her...
I met her at university. She asked me about Fizza...
and after knowing a few things about Fizza...
she asked me to do this.
How much money did you take?
Ten lacs.
Fawad, the thing I'm about to ask you now...
tell me the truth about it. It will save you from this.
Who was behind all this?
Mrs. Safdar Kamal.
Enough my dear.
Control yourself.
Life doesn't end when someone leaves. It pains me to see you this way.
Please come and sit with us.
Enough father.
Stop with this false affection.
If you really loved me, then bring back Razi.
Don't say his name.
Don't say his name. He is a liar who betrayed us all!
No father...
You know better than me that he can betray us.
My heart still testifies that Razi has done nothing wrong. We are the ones who are doing wrong by him.
Father, you know that Faizan alleged him. He has done nothing wrong.
Father, please bring him back home. Don't do this.
I told you...
I cannot do this. I'm sorry.
Sir, there is someone called Razi here to meet you.
Razi?
Here? Call him.
What is he doing here?
I don't have anything greater to prove Fizza's innocence.
The truth is that I came here to tell you guys the truth about this.
I can't believe that someone can stoop so low.
But... I can't believe this. What can compel someone to hate someone so much?
Auntie Shina... she was the reason.
Auntie wanted to marry Natasha to your son Nisar.
But you guys took a liking to Fizza. You guys decided to marry your son to Fizza.
That's the thing...
that auntie didn't like and this is how she took revenge.
Oh my God.
Shina is such a sly and vindictive woman.
Razi... we didn't hear anything great about you as well.
I know what you are speaking about.
I will not prove my innocence to you.
But I will say that is exactly the way how auntie defamed Fizza...
Faizan defamed Hadia.
That's the truth.
Did Shina feel no shame alleging her daughter-in-law like this?
We should be ashamed as well. We made a grave error.
We alleged that an innocent girl.
Nisar was right. We were hasty in this.
Auntie, I have a request. It would be great if you guys pay attention to the decision you made...
It's possible that everything might get better if you try.
But my dear, I don't think Khadija will agree to his relationship again.
Auntie please, I'm asking you to do this. Please try.
We are ashamed that we made such a grave sin, but we will try because we want this.
Thank you so much, sir.
What's the problem?
Who are you calling?
I'm calling a friend. Zohaib isn't picking up either.
Zohaib what's the matter? Why aren't you picking up? Call me ASAP, I need to talk to you.
I was calling Salek as well, but he isn't picking up either. I need to talk to him as well.
When you talk to him, please ask him to call me. The bank called me and told me that some papers are missing. I don't know what to do.
Please call me back.
Did you talk to Zohaib?
No, I haven't talked to him for a while.
Try calling him...
My phone is charging and you'll talk to him for hours.
It will only take two minutes.
Why isn't he picking up? Where is he?
He must be busy, you can try later.
Lord knows where he is. I'll be right back.
Hello... Zohaib, we were saved by an inch.
Otherwise, Faizan would have learned everything.
What happened?
Faizan was the one who was calling you from my phone a while ago.
Thank God that you didn't pick up.
Yes... he's called me seventy times since morning.
Why aren't you picking up? He'll suspect something. He's been calling Salek as well.
Brother Salek has left for Dubai, what would I have told Faizan?
I think we'll get caught now, I'm very scared.
Faizan has got a call from the bank as well. He's gotten notice that there are some papers missing.
That means that I should leave as well.
Yes, leave as soon as you can.
Natasha is getting worse.
She hadn't forgotten about Sherry...
and now she is in a damaged state because of Razi.
I don't know why my daughter's luck is so bad.
And I always told you that Razi was a greedy man but you never listened to me.
Hello...
Mr. Safdar, did I disturb you?
No, what is it, Mr. Siddiqui?
I wanted to discuss something important with you...
I wanted to find out if you had sold your fruit factory.
No... why would I sell that? I transferred that factory to Faizan.
There were some problems with the payment of the taxes.
When I visited the factory, I heard that its owner had been changed.
And while discussing this, I learned that this factory had been sold by Faizan Kamal to Taimoor Qureshi.
And after a few days, the documents have been transferred to Salek Masir.
Salek?
The criminal builder that lives in Dubai?
But how?
How can Salek have the factory when I never wanted to sell it to him?
I'm sorry Mr. Safdar... but it seems that Faizan Kamal sold it.
Faizan... how can he sell the factory against my will to that cheater.
I want all the information. Where was this meeting held and who is involved in this?
Please I'm waiting.
Sure, I'll get the entire details and call you back.
Did you know all of this?
No Safdar, I didn't know this.
Enough Shina... tell me the truth.
Faizan cannot do anything without your approval.
What else have you hidden from me?
I'm telling you the truth. I don't know anything.
When have you ever... hello...
Sir, I have one more piece of news. The account manager has told me...
that Faizan has stolen millions from the company accounts.
He has transferred that money to someone called Ramsha...
The account manager told me that Faizan has married Ramsha in secrecy.
No Zohaib you don't understand. If Safdar Kamal finds out that Faizan's factory has been sold...
then it will be trouble for us. He must know Salek as well.
Our name will be joined with Salek's as well.
What nonsense? We didn't buy it, nor did we sell it.
Zohaib, you're not understanding... Safdar Kamal will not ask who sold the company.
He will ask for all the information.
And then... will he not ask Faizan how he met Salek...
And Faizan doesn't know that Salek is the one who bought the factory using a fake name which is Taimoor Qureshi.
Now what?
I feel very afraid. My life was about to get set...
Faizan was about to take me to his home and now this new problem has come out of nowhere.
No... Ramsha, you are worrying for no reason. It might be that the bank called Faizan because of some other reason.
Whatever it may be... we need to be very careful.