uncle is coming after such a long time
yes, true that
do you remember, when he came last time. Our entire neighborhood gathered to see his shining car
because my brother's car was so nice
leave the car. Look at his lavish house
I think, his drawing room is equivalent to our entire house
his house is so nice, right?
we get to see such houses in films & dramas only
yes
it seems somebody is there, go check
it must be brother Razi
so won't you open the door for Razi?
I will...
come on, go
greetings!
greetings to you too!
chaat, my favorite! thank you!
look at this, my favorite chaat. let me serve it
Okay fine
greetings mom!
greetings to you too! stay blessed my son
what's the matter? You got so late today
actually I had gone to the property dealer
uncle had asked me to get a house in defence
in defence? but for whom?
for us
for us?
but dear, how come for us? We are not so rich to take a house there
mom, uncle has given me a new job in his company
he wants us to shift over there, because the office is quite far from there
that's fine, we cannot ignore what he had said but...
how will we pay so much of rent? It must be so expensive over there
mom, I tried to explain him a lot. But he didn't listen to me
he is saying, no need to worry about the rent. The company will pay
Okay
what can I say? We cannot ignore your uncle
anyways, go & freshen up. Meanwhile let me get the tea prepared
I won't drink only tea, ask her to serve chaat too. Otherwise, she will eat all
No, she is serving it
Farwa, dear prepare a cup of tea & bring chaat along with it
dad
thank you!
yes dear
do you remember David?
he used to be my class fellow in the US
you are still in contact with him? Its been two years that we came back
anyways, so yesterday he proposed me & I said yes
what rubbish you are talking!
are you in your senses, Natasha?
what happen? What wrong have I said?
by thinking what you've accepted his proposal?
you didn't bother to tell us before taking such a big decision?
so, I'm telling you now
now! when you've said yes
dad look! I am not a kid, I can take my own decisions
I've got a guy after such a long time, who is like minded & understands me
and I shall leave him because you've got objections with him
he is leaving his religion for me
Natasha...
 the biryani is good
why are you taking so much of tension of the kids?
they are naive, with time they will be wise
at first I was worried about Faiza, & now Natasha
Sheena, I wish you would have done their right brought up. Then we wouldn't have to see this day
and neither these tensions
not only mother but father is also answerable in children upbringing
mom
I love David, I cannot live without him. Please help me a bit
Natasha, this is not possible. You know marrying David is not possible
and neither I want this to happen
then even I don't care
Natasha, why don't you get my point?
when I've told you that you cannot marry David, then you cannot!
we have to live in this society & in this country
mom, you guys need to stop pressurizing me
and I swear to God, if I didn't marry David then i will die
mom
yes
uncle & his family has left, they must be arriving soon
Razi just told me, I know
do you know, I've informed all my friends that my uncle is coming
you'll see, the entire neighborhood will gather to see his car
by the way, does he have the same car or he has changed it?
how would I know? we'll get to know once he comes
right now, I'm preparing my brother's favorite food
in which there is curry rice, meatballs, & eggplant
and I'm cooking chinese for sister in law & kids
by the way mom, you are doing a lot of hard work
aunt Sheena is so diet conscious. If she didn't like it & said that
uff! there are a lot of calories in it & I can't eat. Then?
don't worry, I've prepared as per her taste
if you are done talking, then go & check the drawing room
do the dusting, it should be spic & span. You know how your aunt is
you make me do a lot of work
I feel so hopeless after meeting Sheena & he kids
I thought, she must have changed as per her age
by the way, aunt is so smart. She looks so young as per her age
yes, even her daughter is like her. The same nature & attitude
leave it mom, why do we care!
mom, don't be upset
soon we are about to shift in a house in defence. Not as big as theirs but we will have a house too
and yes, tomorrow uncle has invited us on the dinner
really! to his house?
it will be fun
but Sheena didn't tell me
maybe she doesn't know about it
what do you mean?
I mean, its not necessary that uncle discusses all his plans with aunt
he liked it so he invited us, that's it!
oh! So it means that uncle has changed a lot
maybe Sheena had mind it that Safder has given you a job in his office on a very good position
and he is getting us shifted too. By the way, I am a bit afraid
what if Safder asks me about his children marriage
mom, why are you thinking this way? There is a lot of difference in our class, they are quite rich people
as it is, he will wed off his kids as per his status
dear, do you know my brother is not like that
he has showed his desire of marrying his kids in the family
and I am feeling so anxious while thinking about it
what if my brother said this to me, then how will I refuse him?
this marriage cannot happen!
like this! what's a big deal?
do you even know, your uncle has done so many favors on us
after your father's demise, he used to take care of this house expense on regular basis
and then he used to fulfill the expense of the education of you both
what are you guys talking about!
I remember, tomorrow I am going to Hyderabad with uncle to uncle Aleem's house
do pay my regards to Khadija, its been ages that I met her
we had met in some wedding
yes
please sit & talk, I'm coming
would you like to have green tea?
yes, make it. I was about to ask you for the same
let me bring it
I'm so tired today
everything got so changed
I can see new things
I can't believe this is the same place where I had spent my childhood
yes uncle, you are right
by the way, you should do some shopping for aunt on our way back
Okay
do you visit brother Aleem's house?
No uncle
I'm going there with you for the first time. But yes, mom & Farwa had met them
in some wedding. But after that they couldn't meet
but you are going there as if you visit there frequently
google maps
oh ok ok
lets go
Guddu! Guddu, check who is there on the gate
Guddu!
yes, who?
who do you want to meet?
tell me, who are you & whom do you want to meet?
hello!
don't you speak?
dear, are you Hadia?
and you are Safder uncle!
go, call your father
greetings uncle!
greetings to you too!
please come in
Okay...
you move aside
lets go
sorry uncle, I couldn't recognize you
no problem dear
you have recognized me after so many years, & this much love of yours is enough is for me
stay blessed
dad is not at home, let me call him & ask him to come. But first, let me call mom
mom.. mom, see who is here
what happen Hadia?
come & see outside
greetings, sister
greetings to you too! brother you!
when did you come?
just now
why are you standing outside? Come in
you made uncle stand outside
actually I...
please come in. Do one thing, call your father & don't tell him that brother is here
Okay
he will be happy to see you, please come
sister, there is a boy standing outside at the gate. It would be good if you can call him in
Hadia... go & bring him in
sorry, let me bring him in
please come in
please come in
do you treat your guests in this manner?
sorry
but now I won't come inside
how would I know that you came to meet dad
I haven't told you even now
that I came to meet your dad
yes, but now I've understood
what you've understood?
that you are not our guest, but you've come along with our special guest
that's why...
Hadia
please come in
Ok fine, I'll see
bye!
this girl...
he is such a weird guy
about whom you are talking? What happen?
the one who came with Safder uncle, he was looking at me so weirdly
oh... maybe he is Safder uncle's son. His name is Faizan
is he Safder uncle's son?
yes
ok come in the kitchen, lets make tea
come
its fun to give surprise to someone
you are absolutely correct
but if you would have informed before coming then we would have done some arrangements for your welcome and...
I would have asked your sister in law to prepare your favorite food
that's why I haven't told you, so that you don't do any formality
oh brother, what kind of formality?
what do you think? Will we let you go without having anything? Absolutely not!
let me do the preparations for lunch
till date I am a fan of the delicious food cooked by you
now your sister in law is retired from the kitchen
now everything is handled by Hadia, the kitchen as well as the house
and when you'll eat the food cooked by her, then you'll forget the taste of your sister in law's cooking
this is not possible that I shall forget my sister in law's cooking
Razi, I still remember various dishes cooked by her
such as curry rice, egg plants etc. How can I forget them?
I accept that the time is less, but I will definitely cook something of your choice
by the way brother, I've one complain
you haven't brought your wife along with you
she will come soon
for now Sheena has sent few gifts for sister in law & your daughters
Razi, go & get the gifts from the car
yes uncle, let me bring them
Razi seems quite an obedient child
and now Faizan and Natasha would have grown up too
yes, since the kids are growing up so we have to get old
I've become old
I've got white hair, but you are still young
what are you saying!
sister.. 
yes
be quick, why are you taking so long to make tea
at least do your work properly. You couldn't fry these kebabs in half an hour
I've fried the samosas too, you just come here to eat
you know I can't do house chores, specially kitchen related work
still you & mom ask me to take care of the kitchen. I won't be able to become a doctor like this
give it to me
No, I'm doing it leave
you are burning the kebabs, quickly take out the tea in the cups
Safder uncle should have informed before coming, so that we could done the arrangements
Ok talk less & work more. Be quick
Okay... by the way fry one kebab for me. I also want to eat
I was joking, what happen to you!
be quick, sister
what was the need to do a lot of formality?
it was enough that you came to meet me from so far
say thanks to your wife from my side
sure
Razi, how is your mother? Its been ages that I met her
yes, they are fine
Next time, I will bring them for sure
she was paying her regards to you
yes sure... ok tell me how is Farwa?
she must be grown up. What is she doing?
Farwa... recently she has completed her studies
she helps mom in the house
that's great!
Razi looks like your son more than your nephew. He is so intelligent like you
you are right. I tell everyone that I have not one but 2 sons
Faizan's number comes after Razi
do you know, he & Faizan will look after my business after me
and you'll see that he will prove to be a better businessman than me
may God keep this love intact within you people
Amen
amen!
keep praying like this for us
here comes the tea on a very good time
greetings!
greetings to you too dear!
how is the school going?
very nice! I would have taken you for a visit if it was operational
next time
Ok tell me, what are your plans after graduation?
I've planned to do private Masters
stay blessed
Ok, serve the tea then do the preparations for lunch
Okay mom
brother, please take something
yes
dear, don't put more sugar
Okay
what happened?
Guddu, what are you doing with my Sonu?
I've to sacrifice your Sonu today
what! you will slay my Sonu?
its your father's order, sister
don't you dare to touch my Sonu ever
the entire cage is filled with chickens, but all you can see is my Sonu
he is the most healthy, and we make bar b q of the most healthiest
if you kept a bad eye on my Sonu, then I will break your arms
leave it. Leave!
go!
sorry sorry.. I hope you are not hurt
you should have been walking carefully
I'm extremely sorry
actually I was busy in a message, so I didn't get to know. Sorry!
is there any mosque nearby?
do you offer prayers too?
what do you mean?
don't you think that I am a Muslim?
No.. I didn't mean that
Thanks to God
I pray 5 times a day
that's great!
there is a mosque in the next street
thank you!
listen!
yes
nothing!
thank you!
I've come to my ancestral land after such a long time
it feels as if I've gone back to my past
everything is same
the same familiarity
the same our loved ones
the same fragrance
Safder... our land, its mud & its people are different
you are right
brother Aleem, I know we don't have facilities over here like we had in America
neither we have clean water to drink
nor we have abundance of electricity
also the health related facilities are in front of you
but still...
they are our people
and our land
I didn't observe this much familiarity anywhere in the entire world
you are absolutely correct!
I remember my childhood after listening to you
do you remember, you used to like the sweetmeats prepared by my mother
what have you remind me!
how can I forget the taste of the things made by her hands
may God bless her with the highest place in the paradise
shall I tell you something?
my daughter Hadia makes exactly the same sweetmeats like her granny used to make
she had learnt it from her
that's great!
our childhood days were so carefree
a lot of worries are there to achieve success
we've forgotten everything in the greed of earning money
believe me even today
whenever I look back
now I realize that
the real beauty was this
absolutely!
Safder, its been more than a year that you've moved to Karachi
So, what are you doing in business?
brother Aleem, I have started with the leather factory
now I want to do something for charity
I have a plan to build a mosque in Hyderabad
and I've planned to make a hospital too
that's great! may God give you success
Safder, there is something in my mind so I thought to ask you
yes yes
look... sister Sheena had lived in America for so many years. So its obvious, that she must be habitual of that environment
and... even your kids grew up over there
now, will you go back to America if they didn't like staying here?
brother Aleem, I came here after burning all the bridges
now I have no plans of going back
I've planned to stay in my country with my people
I want to live here and..
also want to die here
Besides, I want to get my children married here
what happened, Razi? Is there any problem or so?
uncle. don't know I am not getting anything. The car isn't starting
dear, if its big problem then there is a mechanic nearby. Call him & show the problem
No uncle, actually its a computerized car. An ordinary mechanic won't be able to fix it
it requires a specific machine
dear, that's why I was asking you to take the driver along. He would have solved these petty issues
its not a big problem. Stay here for tonight, tomorrow morning we will show the car in some showroom
No, there is no need of it. Thank you very much. Lets hire a private car
the driver will come in the morning & get the car
do you have an emergency? 
Stay here for tonight, I will take you for a school visit in the morning
also I will show you the land I have in mind for the hospital
as it is, Razi came here after so many years
stay here for my sake
as it is, we get happiness with a lot of difficulty
No uncle, what are you saying? You are making me feel guilty
I will obey you order. We will stay here
Ok now close the car's bonnet. 
let's go & sit inside
dad had called
his car broke down, so he will stay in Hyderabad
but dad couldn't sleep anywhere else than his bed
and I've heard that the condition of their house is not good, even they don't have AC
thanks God that I haven't been there, otherwise I had to stay as well
their house condition is way too bad
you can find animals more than humans
I feel so annoyed with such people
even after getting a lot of education, its of no use
they have made their daughters groovy even after educating them a lot
I don't understand, how come dad enjoys his company?
your dad cannot hear a single word against his villager friends
don't know what magic they have caste on him
last time when he had visited them, he was praising them 24/7
in fact, he is such a big fan of Khadija's cooking
I swear! I get quite bothered by their hospitality
they force us to eat, and if we refuse then they mind it. I mean we are not hungry & we don't want to eat
what's there to mind?
I swear to God! that's so stupid & annoying
even aunt's house has same condition, both of them are same to same
I know the reason behind your aunt's hospitality
she does this for her own benefit
they have been living their entire life on our charity
Razi became independent just now
otherwise, after brother Arshad's death your father took care of their entire expenses
he used to send dollars from America, and they have been living a luxurious life here
yes, who?
who do you want to meet?
tell me, who are you & whom do you want to meet?
yes
sir, milk
hey no... I don't want it. Thank you!
do you want something else?
No, thank you!
do you treat your guests in this manner?
how would I know that you came to meet dad
I haven't told you even now
that I came to meet your dad
who is telling you jokes secretly, that you are smiling?
Fizza, you haven't slept as of yet?
I saw you smiling while I was about to sleep
tell me something, who was making you smile?
don't talk too much, go to sleep
Ok, I will go to sleep. But first tell me
Aren't the angels tickling you in your dreams, the way they do to small kids
you talk so rubbish, Fizza
anyways, tell me something. If I ask you something, then won't you get angry?
say it
first, promise me that you won't be angry
now say it
how do you find Safder uncle?
he is a very nice person
he is so down to earth although he is so rich
I have seen such kind of a person first time in my life
right?
he is very nice
and... what about his son Faizan?
what do you mean?
I like brother Faizan a lot, he is very nice & decent just like his father
thanks to God that he is not like his mother, egoistic. Otherwise, he would have been status conscious at all times
don't say this, its not a good thing
but I'm right. Look! he is so nice, decent and handsome
he is such a nice person
anyways, he is not that handsome
really! by the way... he was looking at you secretly
when we sitting at the dining table for the dinner, his focus was more on you that the food
I think, he likes you
by the way, tell me something. What if he likes you and he asks Safder uncle to bring a marriage proposal for you then?
it will be so good. You will get married into such a rich family
wow!
don't talk non-sense. He won't think that way at all
as it is, there is a lot of difference in our status
oh sister! all of these things doesn't matter
if it would have mattered, then Safder uncle wouldn't have been friends with our father
as it is, my sixth sense says that not only brother Faizan, But you also like him
Fizza, fix yourself!
look! such things happen with the people who speaks the truth
if you like someone then accept it, say it in front of all that you like him. What's wrong in it?
you can't do a single word, but you can talk non-stop at all times
if you can't sleep then go & knead the dough for puris
Safder uncle has requested to prepare Halwa Puri in the breakfast
he has requested you not me
so, neither I will knead the dough nor I will make the puris. Do it yourself, I am sleeping
I will see you in the morning, free loader!
Cherry, have you eaten your food?
Sonu, you also eat something. 
Why he isn't eating anything since yesterday?
this poor guy is upset because yesterday his fiance was martyred
oh Guddu! you've martyred is fiance?
didn't you feel ashamed while separating two loved ones?
sister, separation was written in their fate
if she hadn't died, then Sonu would have been sacrificed
after all, it was important to prepare tikka for the kids
you are so cruel! you've slayed his fiance
even I like to pet the animals like you
whenever you will come to my house
then I will make you meet my pets
the difference is that, I haven't kept their names like you have done
now I'm thinking to keep their names
So, will you help me in keeping their names?
I haven't kept their names, Gudda has named them
sister takes very good care of them, and love them a lot
she gives them food with her own hands
sometimes sister Fizza also give them food
but Sonu... he only eats with sister's hands
Guddu
yes sir!
lets go Sonu
So...
 what names Gudda has kept?
this one is Cuckoo...
and the one next to it is Pinky
and this is Cherry
Okay
he stays very angry
can I hold it?
as I said, he is always angry so he minds
so give it to me
I hope he won't be angry