Listen,
Hadia's in laws are coming for dinner for the first time.
Have you made all preparations?
See, nothing should be amiss.
No don't worry. We don't need anything. Fizza and I will manage everything.
Its good.
By the way Khadijah, tell me something, are you alright?
Yes.
I mean, you were a little disturbed last night. It seems you didn't sleep well.
I was missing Hadia.
I was worried whether she's happy there or not.
Why wouldn't she be happy there?
Safdar is there to take care of him.
And Faizan?
Will Faizan care for Hadia?
Will he give her the respect she deserves?
As God wills. He will take care.
Our daughter is very happy there.
We should always hope for the good from God.
Should I call Hadia?
This isn't the right time. Wait a little
Alright. I'll go and check things in the kitchen.
Alright. You do that. I'll go check my clothes.
I'm fine mom. How are you?
I'm fine too. I was missing you so I thought I'd call.
Even I am missing you.
I just want to come to you running.
Tell me is everyone coming for dinner tonight?
I don't know mom. Nobody said anything yet.
Why? Aleem told me that brother Safdar promised he'll bring everyone.
That's why Faizan has gone to uncle's room to talk.
Is Faizan behaving fine with you, dear?
Yes mom. He's good.
Thank God, dear. I was very much worried.
Mom, I'm happy here. Don't worry.
May God always keep you happy.
Parents are always worried about their daughters even if they're married.
Let it be. Just come fast. And pay my regards to everyone.
Even I cannot wait. I just want the evening to come so that I can come to you.
I'll meet you then. Take care. Bye.
Bye.
What? I'll take Hadia to her house in Hyderabad?
Impossible. I'm not going back there.
I went for the wedding once.
I'm not going again. Its enough.
I was expecting this answer from you.
Go once, I'll not ask you again.
I went once, I'll not go again. The place irritates me. I'm sorry.
Both of you take her.
What? We?
No way dad. I'm not going at all.
What behavior is this? She is the daughter in law of our house.
Its her right to be taken to her house. I would have taken her myself if I didn't have a meeting.
You people talk weirdly. At least look into things a little.
Uncle you called?
Yes dear. Come and sit.
I'll just go and look at Kulsoom in the kitchen.
I'm also getting a call. I'll see you.
Dear, you must talk to brother Aleem, how is your mother?
I just talked to mom.
Everything is fine, thanks to God. She send her regards and asked if everyone was coming for dinner.
greetings to her as well.
Dear I called you for this reason.
Your auntie has some work and I have an important meeting.
We will not be able to go but I apologize.
I know brother Aleem and your mother invited us with so much love.
I promise we'll go some other time.
I have a request dear.
Can I send you with the driver, would it be okay?
I'll call brother Aleem and tell him, I think he'll not mind as well.
Isn't Faizan going as well?
Faizan?
Alright, I'll go with the driver. Don't worry.
Thank you dear.
Your auntie told you about Faizan and his friend.
Yes she did.
Please don't mention it to your family.
Don't worry.
I know Hadia dear, there is a lot of difference in our house and your house.
But now you have to spend your life here so adjust to this environment.
I will try my best.
But don't just adjust yourself. In fact the positive traits I liked in you,
I went to brother Aleem's house, that traditions, the love and closeness,
you have to build that here as well.
Prayers, closeness to family, respect for elders.
Dear, I know my family is very dissociated from all this,
but you can instill this in their hearts.
This isn't easy uncle,
if there is no love for something in your heart, it becomes difficult to accept it.
I will try my best but it will take time.
Dear, take as much time as you want.
I have no objections. I trust you completely.
May you live long. Come on get ready.
Hadia, are you ready dear?
Yes almost done.
Where is Faizan? Isn't he coming with you?
No.
Why?
He has some important meeting that's why he couldn't go.
Important meeting? But he doesn't even visit Safdar's office.
He might have had to meet his friend. I don't know.
Alright but,
this isn't right. You're going to see your family after your wedding. Someone should have gone with you.
Won't your family disapprove of it.
No, its alright. I'll tell them.
The driver is waiting. Should I leave?
Yes. Bye.
Pay my regards to your mother.
yes
I missed you so much, you have no idea.
Are you mad? We just met yesterday and you missed me?
Yes of course because I love you so much. If you loved me, you would have realized.
Listen to her talk. She's talking as if she met you after ages.
Of course mom. I am not used to living without Hadia. My room is so empty.
You'll not leave before a month now.
Leave her dear, she'll keep on talking. Tell me, why are you alone...
Mom, where is dad?
He went to the market to get something for you. He'll come after prayers.
Dad will ask the same question that you stopped mom from asking.
You hide things from us as well.
There's nothing to tell. What should I tell?
Safdar uncle said brother Faizan would come to drop you himself.
Actually he got food poisoning and his friend got into a serious accident.
So will you go back alone or will he come to pick you up?
I'll find out tomorrow.
Fizza, you have started an inquiry from her.
You were making arrangements since yesterday, now show them to her.
Let dad come and I'll show everyone together.
But you bought a dress from the market. Go get those.
Dear, are you alright?
Yes mom.
Fizza is right. The house is empty without you.
Do you miss me now?
Hello love.
How are you?
What do you care whether I live or die.
You cannot imagine how worried I was for you. I missed you.
Oh please. I was fighting for my life and you got married peacefully.
Ramsha, I was forced to get married but trust me I was worried about you.
I don't need that. Please keep your fake concern to yourself.
Alright tell me how much did you have to spend, I'll send you the money.
I don't need any money. You think I'm greedy like your dad did.
I told you I took that money for my mother..
Listen you also cheated me so don't forget that.
and the matter is that...
I love you. I cannot live without you.
So why don't you just accept that you love me?
Do I have to say everything?
Yes. Its important to remind you because you often forget me.
Like you forgot me after your wedding.
Okay. I didn't know you thought this about me.
Alright so I'm not supposed to even think and you do everything.
Faizan, you getting married isn't something small.
Where is your wife?
I don't know. She was with me last night, I don't know now.
What happened?
Honestly, you girls cannot even hear any other girl's name. You get jealous.
And you boys? You love someone else and get married to someone else, is that alright?
Is your wife really beautiful?
She is.
More than me?
Of course more than you.
I haven't seen her properly.
She isn't like you. She's not even stylish. She's very simple.
You haven't even looked at her properly. She's simple, not stylish. How did you know that?
Why are we talking about her? Lets talk about us.
I married her because dad forced me.
Nobody can take your place in my heart.
Faizan, do you really love me so much?
Of course. I love you. I cannot live without you.
Faizan even I cannot live without you. I miss you very much.
I'm coming to Pakistan on the next flight.
No. You cannot do this.
Listen! Dad's anger hasn't cooled down yet.
You took the money and you insulted me in my parent's eyes. Not now.
Faizan I told you I took that money because I was helpless otherwise I'm not interested in the money.
I know, I get it but they don't understand
and I have to do a few important things.
What are those important things?
Dad's business.
Yes. The business is yours
because he's your dad and he would want you to join his company and work with him.
Yes but he wants to work through proper channel and I want to own the business.
Faizan it shouldn't be hard for you. He's your father, he'll listen to you.
You're absolutely right.
Nothing is difficult for me.
Faizan decide what you want to decide for me right away. I'm telling you, I cannot wait anymore.
How did you like this dress?
Very beautiful. Your choice is very good.
See mom? I told you Hadia would love it.
Has she ever pointed fault with any gifts she has received?
She always accepts them with her heart.
My sister is so good.
Of course she is. May God always keep her happy.
Amen.
Mom. Dad isn't back yet?
Its been too long. He should have come by now. I'll go call him.
He's here.
Hello dad.
Hello dear. May you live long. Sit down.
Dear, I cannot see Faizan. Where is he?
Faizan didn't come.
Dad please sit I'll get you tea.
Nobody came Hadia's dad. You made me do so many arrangements.
Hadia told us everybody was busy.
They'll come some other time.
Nobody came and trust me nobody will come in the future as well.
Khadijah it was our duty to invite them.
If they come or not, its their wish. I just wanted Faizan to come.
He won't come as well. He would have come tomorrow if he wanted to come.
Dear, there might be something...
Stop it dad.
At least don't give yourself false hope. We all know why Hadia came alone.
Because nobody wanted to come.
Don't keep expectations in the future.
Fizza is right.
And listen to me as well.
We will get Fizza married to people like us.
Oh God mom. Why do you end everything on my marriage?
I don't want to get married. I want to study and become a doctor.
Dear, get good marks in FSC and then you'll go to a medical college.
Yes.
My result is coming in two days. You'll know because I'll top in the college. You'll see. As God wills.
Look at your daughter's confidence.
So?
I love my daughter's attitude
and not only she, but even I also believe, she'll top in her college.
But I'm worried.
She wants to study medicine and it takes five years 
and we don't have a good college in Hyderabad. Where will she go?
We have Jamshoro as well but I will send my daughter to the best university in Karachi.
But where will she live?
Will you send her to Hadia?
No. Its not feasible for a sister to live with her sister's in laws.
She can live in a hostel. 
There are hundreds of other girls in a hostel 
and I completely trust my daughter, more than myself.
Please have your tea. It'll get cold.
Please have your tea.
thank you!
you haven't brought for yourself?
I don't feel like it.
Fariya got married Natasha, what is your plan?
What does she care, she has a line of proposals.
This is the problem. She has so many suitors she'll need a lifetime to find someone.
What should I tell you? My father wants me to get married to his nephew?
How is he?
Don't tell me. Is he so bad?
Not bad but he isn't from my class.
He's so poor and nerdy. He's not my type.
So how is your type?
Where are you lost?
Nowhere. I'm saying, lets go somewhere else. How long will we stay here? 
Lets go.
Yes. Okay love. Will talk to you later. Bye.
You should knock before you come in.
This is my room too. Should I knock before I come in?
You're very confident.
 I didn't know. Good! Impressive.
You came back early?
Do you not like me coming back early? 
Maybe I disturbed you.
You were talking to some girl.
Yes she was my girlfriend. Do you have an objection?
If you liked someone else, you shouldn't have married me.
I said she's my girlfriend and I can have a girlfriend.
I know you didn't want to marry me.
I heard auntie talking to uncle that you were forced into this marriage. You aren't happy.
Yes. I was forced and who doesn't want to marry someone they like.
But you aren't bad. You're good.
 I'm telling you clearly that I have a girlfriend 
but I don't have any affair so you shouldn't be doubting me.
What happened? Why are you looking at me like this? 
Did you not have any boyfriend?
No. I did not have any relationship.
Unbelievable. I cannot believe this. 
Maybe you didn't tell anyone but you might have one.
What are you saying?
Exactly what you're saying.
Don't question me next time. I don't like it. 
Have I ever asked you what you did before you got married?
You came back very early. 
Its only 11 o clock.
Whats your problem? I told my parents I was going to a birthday party and I'd get late.
Birthday party? 
Sitting in the parking area and smoking with your friends. Is that a party for you? 
Is it some new trend?
I heard it the first time.
Who are you to question me?
I am not interested to be linked to you in any way.
I'm warning you for the last time. Stop spying on me or else it'll not be good for you.
I'm not spying on you Natasha.
I don't have the time or interest in any such thing
 I just want to tell you to stay away from those people.
Get rid of smoking and your cheap friends. Its for your best.
Don't say a word about my friends. Understood?
Alright. 
It was my duty as your cousin to make you understand but 
its your life, your decision.
Yes, I was forced into this marriage and who doesn't want to marry someone they like.
And yet let me tell you that I have a girlfriend 
but since I don't have an affairs you don't have to doubt me.
Don't question me again. I don't like it. 
Did I ever ask you what you did before we got married?
Razi dear, Faizan is under you.
 You should teach him all the techniques of business. 
I want him to be perfect like you.
And Faizan dear, you will learn work under Razi from today.
I will not work under him. Its an insult to me.
What do you mean? 
Dear you don't know anything about the business.
What does he know?
He was an ordinary clerk earlier.
Uncle, I think you should give this responsibility of Mr. Sarfaraz. 
As it is,
I will be uncomfortable with Faizan because of his behavior.
You should just stay relaxed dear. 
As far as Faizan is concerned, he doesn't know anything about business.
If you guide him he'll learn better.
 If he keeps on doing this, it will be problematic for the company and himself as well. You...
I know him very well.
He is innocent and he turns you against me.
What is this way Faizan? Sit down and talk like a respectful man.
I will not work under him and that is it.
What difference does it make? You have to work under someone to learn. 
What is the matter? He is your cousin after all.
No.
What are you saying? He isn't a stranger but your cousin. 
I want you people to work together to achieve something.
Uncle, please, I'm really sorry. I think I should head back to my seat. 
Faizan will be more comfortable with you alone.
Have some shame. 
Is this how you talk to family? 
He's not a stranger but your cousin.
Do you know how was the DHA branch? 
He made it flourish in two months because of his capability and you!
What am I thinking, what is he thinking and what you're thinking! 
I thought I'd give you a branch to take care of but your attitude,
its important to take a course and work under someone to learn hotel management but you... Please leave!
This is our cash counter. We normally deal here. 
Its manual and computerized as well. 
You don't have to sit here but inquire.
Come. I'll give you further details. Come.
Mrs. Rehman is the limit.
Mom, please don't take her name in front of me. 
You were so excited and what happened?!
She liked Hadia's sister, that classless girl, Fizza.
And if dad can make Hadia his daughter in law, why can't they chose Fizza?
Not everybody is stupid like your father. They will open their eyes once they see their true face.
If we got trapped, it doesn't mean everybody will be trapped.
Mom, don't placate me.
We got to know her class there and then. Did you see her dress? 
That girl has no dressing sense and Mrs. Rehman couldn't stop looking at her.
I'm telling you, this Mrs. Rehman is such a conservative woman. 
You must be so disappointed.
I? Disappointed? 
Nothing this small disappoints me.
 Dear I know this likeness at first sight is never permanent.
Oh God. You mean you will still stalk Mrs. Rehman?
Natasha I'm telling you. I like that boy for you. 
He's good looking, he earns good. He's educated and has a good standard. He works in America.
He is the perfect candidate for you 
and you'll see I'll get you married to him. 
Forget that David.
Mom, don't worry about David.
You might not know, David and I broke up a few days ago.
Are you telling the truth or just trying to put me off?
No mom. You were right. 
Its difficult for people from different cultures to match. 
We couldn't live together.
 You and dad were right.
I made a mistake. I was wrong.
At least you understood what your dad and I said. 
Now don't contact David again.
Yes.
Tell me, you're alone...
Mom, where is dad?
They went to the market to get something for you. He'll come after prayers.
He'll ask the same question, you stopped mom from asking.
You've started hiding things from us.
Unbelievable. I cannot believe you didn't have a boyfriend. 
Perhaps not in the open but in secret.
What are you saying?
Exactly what you're saying.
Are you crying?
I was just missing mom and dad.
You said and I believed you.
What do you mean?
I mean you have such a big house, an army of servants and all the luxuries in your life and yet you're crying.
Anybody other than me would question.
What are you trying to say?
I mean to say that you're ungratefulness will make everybody think you're not happy in this marriage.
Its not that.
How can I believe that?
Why are you stressing on something imaginary. 
You should make Faizan understand. His girlfriend.
How dare you say something about Faizan!
He has a lot of friends. 
He was brought up in America and he's an open minded man. 
If you try to bind his thoughts, you'll tire yourself out.
But this isn't right. You should have taken his consent.
Children play with a lot of toys 
and then they throw them away once they're done.
Does this mean we should stop the child from playing?