Hello, greetings mother, how are you?
Greetings to you too. I'm fine and how are you?
I'm fine as well.
I was missing you...
I wanted to meet you, but I don't think it's appropriate to visit you.
What are you saying? You can come whenever you want.
I miss you too. I miss you and father.
No, it's not a good thing to visit one's daughter at their in-laws frequently. How is Faizan?
He's fine, and he has resumed his studies as well.
Why has he started studying?
He didn't complete his degree, and that's why he rejoined the university.
But... Hadia, was handling brother Safdar's business, right?
Yes, he was... but now he wants to complete his studies.
That's very strange.
Why?
Meaning, why does he want to study now?
He's not alone. He has your responsibility as well.
Mother, don't worry. He is handling all of his responsibilities very well.
And, he takes care of me as well.
Alright, that's good. May God always keep you happy like that.
I'll talk to you later.
Okay... farewell
Take care...
Farewell.
Thank God.
I don't understand, how come you're so relaxed. We don't have much time Ramsha darling.
You have to cheer up Faizan, no matter what.
I think I'll have to tell you a way to cheer him up.
No mother, I know all the ways. The training you gave me, lacks nothing.
But... I don't think Faizan will agree so easily.
He won't marry me in secret. He's a cowardly man.
He's a coward because you didn't make him brave.
Listen to me, use your love and attention to manipulate him into spending most of his time with you.
Attach him to yourself so that he doesn't think of anything but you.
Relax, mother, everything will be fine, what's the rush?
I'm rushing because if you don't marry Faizan quickly...
then it will be hard for me to refuse Mr. Razzaq.
Don't say that old man's name in front of me. I hate that old man.
Don't forget that it's been a long time since we've taken that loan from that old man. I don't have it in me to pay back that loan.
He's pleading with me to get you married to him.
He told me that he'll forget about the loan as soon as you marry him. And that bungalow in defense...
he will transfer it to you.
Forget about that bungalow, even if he transfers all his possessions to me...
even then I will not marry that old man, understand?
Then you have to convince Faizan to marry you.
Otherwise, it would cause me much pain to see you going into that hell.
I will read the emancipation papers, but that does not have any religious standing. Natasha can get a lawyer and take her share of the inheritance.
I know.
I also know that my daughter will go to that extent.
And I also know that man...
is behind all this. He wants...
to get to my wealth through Natasha. But I will not let him succeed.
No matter how wayward a child becomes, they cannot be deprived of their inheritance.
That doesn't mean that children can keep making mistakes without expecting punishment from their parents.
She should be punished.
You're angry right now. Don't make any decision in haste...
that you would regret later. Think about it again and I'll visit you again.
Allow me to leave now.
Farewell*
What is all this uncle?
Do you have any idea what you're doing?
Uncle...
For God's sake, take back your decision.
I know that Natasha made a mistake, but it doesn't mean that you should punish her in this way.
Children make mistakes.
Children have rights as well.
Do only children have rights?
Think about this calmly.
What will the people say when they learn of emancipation in the news? Everyone will be aware of it then.
I must punish her to teach her a lesson.
Uncle...
this decision of yours will not solve this problem. Rather it will make it worse.
Think about it calmly.
Natasha is a US citizen. That man can run away with her to America, do you get that?
What will you do then?
He intended to join himself with Natasha...
and gain American nationality. But this is only possible if she has an American passport.
Without a passport, one cannot travel.
I burned Natasha's passport a long time ago.
Because I learned of that man's true intentions.
I won't let him...
succeed at any cost.
She should be punished.
You told me that you find out about this and look at the CCTV footage. Take some help from Razi.
What's the matter with you? Do you know what it means to tell Razi?
He's my biggest enemy in this house. On top of that, he spies on me as well.
He has taken my place at work and he wants to defame me in my home as well. I don't trust him, don't tell him.
He tells father everything.
You have nothing to do with this, then why are you afraid?
Were you suspecting me?
No, I wasn't suspecting you.
Then what was that? I know what you meant to say...
I'm sorry I asked you to keep your things safe...
My wife thinks that I stole her necklace!
Faizan, it's nothing like that.
How could you think that I would steal your necklace?
Who do you think I am? This house and this entire property are mine! What will I do to steal that ordinary necklace?
Faizan, you have it wrong. It's nothing like that.
How is it then? You're driving me crazy! What's the worth of that necklace?
Ten... twenty... fifty lacs? How much?
It's not about the money. You know how precious it was to me!
I know your mother gave it to you, and it was not special. I'll buy a similar one for you!
I'm sorry.
Sorry
I shouldn't have talked to you like that. I shouldn't have screamed.
Whatever happened, we can't tell my parents about this. They'll react very badly.
Don't tell your parents as well. They'll worry for no reason.
I wish I could say that I would buy you fifty sets similar to that necklace, but I don't have anything like that right now.
Father has taken away my salary, I only have my pocket money and we have to get by with that.
Hadia, I promise...
Soon, I will do a lot of things for you.
I promise I will fulfill all your wishes.
I spent my entire life like this. I didn't care for anyone...
But I care for you...
And I'm changing only for you.
I want some time and that's it.
Will you give me some time?
Please.
Uncle, I've researched everything about Sherry. He lives in an ordinary flat.
His friends aren't good as well.
He's a two-bit man.
That means that man has no job.
Yes, uncle, you're right. There is a shop that provides him with enough money to pay rent.
Shina was telling me that his parents died.
He's lying...
His parents separated...
In fact, because of his fraudulent behavior, his parents shoved him out of their home.
His grandmother raised him.
Shereyar is a man with a loose character.
It's his job to hang out with scoundrels and entrap girls.
Razi, do something...
Trace his home address. Send him a legal notice. As soon as he sees the emancipation papers, he will distance himself from Natasha.
And Natasha's eyes will open as well.
Uncle...
you're my elder, you always make the right decisions. But I have a request...
It would be better if you save Natasha from Shery and bring her back home.
She chose him, now let him suffer.
Uncle, how can you do this?
She's your only daughter, please...
How can you punish her like this?
She chose this punishment.
She went on paths I asked her not to tread.
She's not the only one to blame. Shina...
is equally responsible for it. I tried making them understand a million times...
but they didn't listen to me.
It's better...
that this happens. This way she won't ever do something like this again.
That will only make her more rebellious.
You know very well that she's a stubborn girl. If she looks at the legal notice...
then I think she'll be more worried.
Thank you for your advice...
but a father always makes the best decision for his children.
Thank God that she didn't discuss the necklace thing with father.
It would have been troublesome, but she will tell her father, and if not, then she will surely tell her parents.
I don't know what to do. I need to do something to keep her silent.
Ramsha, I told you not to call me at this hour.
So what am I called? I was missing you.
You could have messaged me that. Don't call me again at this hour, Hadia is with me. It was hard for me to make her believe that we are over.
You never feared her before, so what has happened now?
I'm not scared of her, I just need to be careful, I told you this before.
The weather is beautiful and I'm bored here. Let's go on a long drive, it's been a long time since we've been on a long drive.
Long drive... sure I should do that so my father shoves me out of my home.
I'm worried and you want to go on a long drive.
You have no idea what I've done to make you happy. I stole my wife's necklace and that was such a strange thing to do.
What?
So that necklace was stolen?
Liar! Fraud!
You gifted me your wife's stolen necklace! What do you think of me? I'm not that deprived!
I just hate you... I hate you... don't ever show me your face ever again!
The notes are very important, be sure to bring them tomorrow.
Bye.
Hadia?
What are you doing here at this hour?
I was talking to my friend. I thought you were asleep, why did you get up?
When I opened my eyes, I saw you weren't there, so I came here.
So you decided to spy on me, to see who I was talking to.
No Faizan, that wasn't my intention.
I didn't ask for an explanation. What's wrong with you? Why don't you understand what I say?
You suspect me in everything and you don't believe me. See for yourself who I was talking to.
I was talking to Ramis, he's a university mate, and we were talking about notes.
I didn't talk to him inside because you were sleeping and I didn't want to disturb you.
I mean...
See... I told you that it was a stolen necklace. Admit that your mother is very perceptive.
I can predict the most unusual of things.
What should I do now? I want to throw that necklace at this face!
Who does he think I am? Am I so deprived that I would wear his wife's hand-me-downs?
That too which is stolen.
Calm down drama queen, no need to be so emotional.
It is an expensive necklace. It will be no less than fifty lacs.
There is no need to return it.
Faizan is worried. She fears that if Hadia tells his father, he will be the first one that his father suspects.
To drive away Faizan's suspicion I have an idea. Ask Faizan to make her a fake copy of that necklace. This will drive away Hadia's suspicion.
She's not a child who can't distinguish between real and fake. Nor is she from a poor family...
Her father owns a lot of land. And her parents gifted her that necklace.
Then ask Faizan...
to go to our jeweler. He's a master at making fake jewelry. If he takes Hadia with him, Hadia won't suspect anything and this will be over.
That's not a bad idea, I'll call Faizan right now.
Is it ringing?
Hello Faizan, I have an idea...
Take Hadia to our jeweler. He'll make a fake copy of that necklace and Hadia won't suspect anything.
I'll send you the address and number of the jeweler. Don't worry about that, I'll handle the rest.
Okay bye...
It's sorted, right?
Mother, you are great!
Admit that your mother is a genius.
Faizan will Hadia a fool like I'm making Faizan.
Faizan, come breakfast is ready.
I'm not hungry, I'll eat at the university.
Are you still upset about yesterday?
No...
I'm not among those men who stay mad at their wives over small things. Forget about what happened.
Why aren't you having breakfast then?
Because I'm not hungry. I have an important class today and I don't want to miss it
Alright fine. Be sure to eat when you feel hungry, don't starve yourself.
You're taking care of me like a western wife...
When one starves, one eats. No one can stay hungry, even if they are upset. I've seen no person...
who can stay hungry when they are upset. Besides, I'm not upset, so don't worry I'll eat.
Okay... where are mom and dad?
They are up, they were asking about you.
Tell them that I've left.
Go and spend time with them and eat breakfast, like a good daughter-in-law.
I'll get going. Bye.
Farewell*
Hadia, where are you going? Do you want something?
I was going to make Faizan's favorite paste.
Ask Najma to make it.
No, I want to make it.
A new bride is supposed to make something sweet first before partaking in house chores...
But here, no one cares. You've started doing everything.
Don't worry, I'll make something sweet as well.
Bless you, my dear.
I like it when you pray for me. I feel as though my mother is standing with me.
Of course my dear, I am like your mother and you are just like Farwa to me...
I pray for you and I used to pray for Natasha as well.
But she ruined her life by hurting Safdar. May God create ease for her.
Amen*
I'll go and start preparing.
Alright.
I don't know... the idea is good but...
I fear one thing.
What's that?
What if Hadia learns that the jewelry is fake?
No, she will never know. I trust the jeweler I'm sending you to.
We have used him before, right Ramsha?
What mother means to say is that the jeweler is our old family jeweler.
And, you can ask him to do anything. Hadia won't suspect a thing.
Alright.
I'll take Hadia to him and buy her that set. I have to face my father's fear every day and it's getting terrible now.
If you fear your father so much, then there was no need to give me your wife's stolen necklace to me.
I did all of this for you.
Forget about what happened.
Dragging this will only grow conflict. We have to fulfill our objective.
I want that too... make her understand that. I'm not among those men who walk out in the middle.
I'm always here with you two, but I need some time, to sort things out for myself.
Sure, you're right. Ramsha doesn't think before she speaks.
Will you have tea?
Sure...
I'll be right back with it.
Hey... you're back early today.
Yes, I got free early. So I decided to come back home and spend time with you.
Great, I've made your favorite white sauce paste. Change and I'll serve it for you.
Thank you. I was thinking of going out to have lunch and we can go shopping as well.
I don't need to shop, my wardrobe is full. But if you feel like going out, then let's go.
I know that your wardrobe is full, but I was thinking of gifting you a gold necklace.
That will be very expensive.
I'm not that lightweight that I can't gift you a necklace. You endured a great loss and it's the least I can do.
But...
No buts. I want no arguments. We'll do as I say...
Besides, I didn't give you anything after our wedding, so let me do it, please.
Just don't tell my parents. If you do it will be very bad for everyone.
Don't worry, I won't tell them.
Get ready and we'll leave in a while. Can you keep this away?
How much more will you eat?
There is taste in sister Hadia's hands.
I've never eaten such tasty pasta.
It's all because of how her mother raised her.
Her mother raised her well so that she wouldn't be embarrassed by her in-laws.
Brother Faizan should have tasted it...
Hmm... but... I'm happy that he's taken her out shopping.
He's changing and his behavior has greatly improved as well.
You don't know who brother Faizan is, he's very selfish. He'll go back to his old ways once he achieves his agenda.
God forbid.
God forbid it's like how we're thinking. Hadia has accepted him with open arms.
I pray that Faizan accepts her too and that he doesn't betray her.
Amen.
Will you eat it? It's very tasty.
I've already eaten it. You've had enough as well.
It's very tasty, you're missing out on it.
I'll eat the entire thing. It's very tasty.
You're my elder and you always make the right decision...
But I have a request, please save Natasha from Shery.
Hello... the legal notice that you were going to send my daughter...
please stop it...
What? You've already sent it out?
Natasha would have gotten it by now.
Lord knows how she will react.
What if Razi's right?
What if my daughter grows rebellious of me?
Who was it?
The courier. He brought a letter for you.
A letter, from whom?
From you rich father. It's a present for you.
What?
It's a legal notice. Your father has decided to disown you from his inheritance.
What? But...
Father can't do that...