I don't want it
He did pay for ticket
but have you thought of the future?
You have spent all our savings
Where will we live there? What will we eat? 
Mother, how many times have I told you not to worry about these petty things
There is no tension until Faizy is there
He has arranged a place to stay for us
what? Really?
Where?
Where we used to live. It was still empty. Faizan has paid 6 months rent. We will stay there.
And he's coming to pick me from airport tomorrow. He will spend the whole day with me
I don't want to stay in that rotten house. I don't feel like living there
Ask Faizy to get us a house at a posh area.
It can be rented
Also hire some maids
Mother, its a matter of few days only. Then we will get shifted with Faizy in his big house
all your wishes will be fulfilled there
enough
I will see. He's a liar
He keeps making false promises to you. He will never marry you. You can write it down
I don't want to marry him in this situation
he doesn't have anything of his own. Everything belongs to his father
until he gets share from his property, I'm not interested in getting married to him
Then stay like this your whole life
That old man will never agree and won't give anything to Faizy from his wealth
you will stay desperate for luxuries your whole life
I'm your mother
This is why I'm explaining it to you. Its for your betterment
this is the time
Pressurize him for wedding
otherwise you'll spend your whole life in that old house as a girl friend
marriage .. marriage .. marriage
I'm tired of hearing this
you also got married to my father
what did you get?
I'm living a good life style without even getting married
what is it that I don't have?
I'm beautiful and young
I have many guys
If not faizy, then someone else
I won't ruin my life like you by getting married to a poor guy. Understood?
Enough! Same taunts and rubbish. I have explained it to you a thousand times
don't compare me with you. There is a huge difference between me and you
I was helpless. I had no other option but to marry your poor father
I had no one else
but you have a rich guy like Faizy. Try to hold him
mother, why don't you understand?
I don't want to pressurize him by talking about wedding again and again. I don't want to upset him
then fine, stop meeting and talking to him for some time
then you'll see how will he come after you
In this situation, going away from Faizy means that I'm giving Hadia a chance to get closer to him
I won't make this mistake
you aren't stuck to him the whole day
she is with him for 24 hrs
and don't trust a man
there is no one more untrustworthy than a man
you .. you talk to him about wedding
if you can't then I will
I will ask him what is it that my daughter doesn't have
she isn't useless that anyone could have an affair and leave her
he won't leave me ever
I have complete faith in this
its a blind trust
when you know it very well that Hadia is more beautiful than you
she might be. I don't care
Only I rule Faizan's heart
Hadia can never take my place. She can't
Don't trust blindly
its a big misconception
Hadia is beautiful. She's around him 24 hrs. What do you think?
there can't be place for her in Faizan's heart?
You fool
your dear son hasn't reached office
when I told him that its an important meeting and he must come
thanks to God that Raazi was present there
otherwise I had to bear stress
Faizan would have managed everything too
but what's his fault if he got sick. He didn't go because he couldn't
enough!
you have crossed all the limits in supporting them
We'd be in peace if you had shown strictness like me
why do you blame me all the time
you are at mistake too. You forcefully brought us back to Pakistan from America
its obvious. Environment of both countries is too different
Children couldn't adjust till now
How many times would you tell me this? We have spent an ample of time here
there should be change in them now. But now, they are still how they were
nothing has changed
come
Sir, lawyer is here. He wants to meet you
fine, you make him sit. I'm coming
right sit
why is a lawyer here?
I have decided to take Natasha's name out of property
yes?
Hello Faizan? Where are you?
Outside
I know but with whom?
with no one
Faizan, don't lie
I swear I'm not with anyone. There is no one
For God's sake Faizan, I'm tired of your actions
Didn't I ask you to go to office. Your father would be angry otherwise
but you didn't listen to me
Listen, I'm here to relax
Please don't make me upset by talking about father. If there is anything important then tell me, otherwise I'm disconnecting
Your father has called lawyer to take Natasha's name out of property
How can he do this? What has happened to him? You have to stop him
After what Natasha did, do you think your father would listen to me?
Seriously, what has happened to him? Earlier he talked to disown me, and now Natasha?
what has happened to him?
you both have humiliated me in front of your father
I couldn't explain or talk to Natasha 
But please for God's sake, you do not take any such step
that would make your father angry and he takes decision to disown you as well
Natasha, this is a new phone
I have put sim in it
this is an old and cheap phone
your husband is poor too
I can afford this
Listen, I'm going out for some time
I have put some groceries in kitchen
Before I come, do the cleaning and make dinner
Neither I know how to clean nor I know how to cook
look
I have been ordering food for you since long. I'm out of budget. I can't afford
you'd have to cook today
I told you, I don't know how to cook
Go and check. It would be your lover
Finally, you thought about me and left your beautiful wife behind
are you going to keep complaining here?
won't you let me in?
Faizan? Faizan? How are you? Come in
its your house. Come anytime you want to
who can stop you from coming here?
by the way, your father has taken our house away
she has spent all the savings
now you are back
don't you worry. You are my responsibility
okay ..
you sit and talk. I'll make something for you both
Why are you upset?
Why didn't you come to pick me to airport?
you know it
I swear, you are such a coward
you breath with your father's permission
are you done?
lets go inside
come
hello? Who is this?
Natasha?
Natasha, where are you?
how are you? why are you crying?
mother?
you didn't call me once and ask how am I and what condition am I in?
what are you saying?
do you know how much worried we are?
your father hasn't slept since many days. I have been calling you again and again but your number was switched off
where are you?
I had an accident
accident?
how are you? where are you?
I'm back home. I'm fine
Give me your address. I'll come quickly
Will you come to meet me not to take me?
take you?
what do you mean? do you want to come back?
obviously mother
I don't want to live in this hell anymore
My child, you chose this hell for your own self
what do you think? Your father will quickly accept you once you are back
Give me some time and stay there for now. I'll come to meet you. We'll see what we can do
We'd have to be more careful from now. Father's social circle is too big
A lot of people know him professionally and personally
We can't risk it. Whenever we have to meet
we'll meet here, and I'll come
for how long will we meet like this, Faizan?
I'm helpless. This is how it will work for now. I have left office for you. I made an excuse of studying in university. And I will come to meet you during that time. 
I have told everyone that all parties will be held at your home. So, we'll have fun
You haven't done something good by leaving the office
its foolishness. Without salary, you won't be able to bear your expenses. How will you afford her?
I did send money on one call, before. I will send it again. You people are my responsibility
but let us know from where will you bring this money
this is my problem, but still if you want to know then I'll take money as university fee. When father would come to know that I'm continuing my studies, he'd be happy. I'm telling you, you don't have to worry
I'm sorry, faizy
I can't play this game anymore
you'd have to tell your parents, otherwise ..
you need to understand
If father would know that you are back, you know what will happen. There will be a big problem
He has taken decision to disown Natasha. Imagine, what will he do to me
Faizy, are we going to spend our life meeting secretly like this?
what has happened? Why don't you understand?
She isn't listening to me. You explain it to her
You explain it to me first, then talk to her
Listen, you think my daughter is an ordinary person?
what do you think? Shall I keep her single her whole life waiting for you?
There are many proposals coming for her
Many proposals came for her in Dubai. That Seth has reached my house for his son's proposal. but she refused saying this that she will only marry Faizy 
and no one else
I know but ..
Enough! I have heard your stories of helplessness. I'm tired. Enough
Now you'd have to decide who is more important in your life. Either Ramsha or Hadia?
If you can't decide, then say good bye to her forever
I can't leave her, you know this
then you too try to understand me
There is no one with Ramsha but me. She has no father. God forbid, if something happens to me tomorrow then who will look after her? Who?
I want her to get married in my life. Look, you have to take decision today. If you want to marry her then its fine, otherwise I'll get her married somewhere else
Look, wait a little more. Please!
Its impossible for me to leave Hadia right now. And I can't do it
And you both have to understand it
have food. Have this
Shall I give you water?
No, its fine
Its a good news that you are continuing your studies. I felt good hearing about it
but my child, I won't suggest you to leave business
I want you to continue it
I won't say that education isn't important. Its very
Take your business and studies together
absolutely! I want the same
Father, MBA won't be easy. The university I have got admission in, there is a tough competition
I'd have to give time to studies. I don't want others to say that son of Safdar doesn't know how to run business
University you are talking about, it is very difficult to get admission on merit there
are you using some source?
You think that my son can't get admission on merit?
Let it go
I promise I'll work hard as I can. I won't discontinue my studies this time
well done
I have decided to take financial management tutions after morning classes
for the first time, after listening to such mature things from you
I don't believe it that my son
is this responsible
wow
and this all happened because of Hadia
I have faith that she will change my son
ofcourse
Hadia has really changed me
You were right about her. She's a blessing
I'm happy that you chose Hadia for me. Thank you!
Really?
Ofcourse
My child, I'm happy
that you understood the value of this relationship finally
I pray that you both stay happy like this
What else would I want? Hadia, you tell me?
do you have any complaints from Faizy?
No!
Are you upset? I mean does he take care of you?
yes, very much
fine my child, get admission tomorrow. Also, its been 3 months and you both haven't gone anywhere for outing
I want you to go out somewhere for honeymoon
Its a great plan. Fine, we'll do something
I wish no evil eye catch these happiness
May God keep you both happy always
What was the need of lying to father?
what kind of person are you?
aren't you ashamed of playing with emotions of your elders?
he was too satisfied hearing all this. When he'd come to know that it isn't me but Ramsha who lives in your heart
then what will he go through?
I didn't lie
its the truth
I'm happy with you
I wasn't before. I do agree
I have started liking you living with me
your simplicity and beauty
I like everything
I generally feel that I'm lucky to have you with me
enough, Faizan
don't trap me like father. I know it very well who lives in your heart
You are my wife, and she's my friend. Don't compare yourself with her
you have a different position. No one can take your place in my heart
then why don't you stop talking to her?
I will .. very soon
Why not now?
I can't right now
Hadia, I'm helpless
I was committed to her before marrying you
I promised her that I'll marry her but I ended up marrying you
I came to know her reality after wedding. She and her mother blackmail me
They have my few secrets
If I'd stop talking to her, she'll tell those to father. And I don't want
what secrets?
Hadia, I can't tell those to you. Don't ask me anything else because I don't want to lie to you
you are involved with such clever and blackmailer
you talk to her the whole night on phone
I don't believe it
you are doing a new drama again
I won't believe you
Hadia, you are my wife
you should support me
the way I kept your secrets and didn't tell anyone
I just need sometime. I promise you, I'll get rid of her
And you know what, since we are married we didn't get time to spend with each other
lets just go somewhere. Lets go away from this tension
tell me?
will you?
come with me?
you are satisfied with Faizan
but think about Natasha now
its been 10 days that she has left. Not once you asked about her
don't take her name in front of me
my blood pressure rises hearing her name
for how long will this continue, Safdar?
she is our daughter after all
she was, not now
she is dead for me
what are you saying? Are you in your senses?
I just got in senses. She didn't think about her father's dignity and his name
she has ruined everything
I don't want to hear a word about her. Go from here
I won't talk about it further. Please, go
Please!
Faizan, wake up. Its first day of your university
hmm! I'm waking up
Take shower. I'll serve your breakfast
you know what?
you are very pretty
sit
sit
Keep sitting with me today. I want to see you today
why are you so shocked?
you have never talked to me before
I know, it was my mistake
I ignored you, but I won't now
I promise I will give you my most time
I will
I did make a mistake.
I don't believe it
about what?
that ..
how can someone change so suddenly?
ask this to yourself
your behavior and your simplicity
your love has changed me
I have changed because of you
Hadia, you have won
I have lost
finally, I agreed why father chose you
enough of the talks. Its too late now. Get ready, I'll serve you breakfast
hey, servant will do everything
I want to see you
Now when I have started liking you, I don't want you to go away
never
If you had to go out with Faizan, then why did you wake me up?
you know that I don't wake up early
I feel sick
now get used to of it
Faizan will come to meet me daily
Faizan's father is a clever person
I don't think so this drama would continue in front of him
Faizan isn't less, mother
he did right thing by making an excuse of studying in university
now we can meet easily, and no one would doubt us
listen?
I need some money
money?
I don't have money. All I had is finished
Faizan sent so much money. How can you spend so soon?
He sent few hundred thousands not millions. I spent them on home
now you are going with Faizan
Ask him money. You are his responsibility now
Keep him under your control
Fine, I'll talk but you too spend less
Hey, I don't spend on myself. I spend on house
now she'd tell me to spend less
my child, you'd have to focus on your studies now
outings
and you have to avoid your friend's company
father, I'll make sure I don't give you a chance to complain
and I will give credit of this change to Hadia
what do you mean? Am I not responsible?
he would have changed long ago if you were responsible
but I feel that a good and mature wife
can bring her husband to the right track, no matter how spoiled he is.
no, the credit goes to Faizan
I am myself shocked how is he too changed?
he has finally realized to study
there is nothing wrong if one takes time in realizing his mistake
Faizan, this is your semester fee. Deposit it
and you have to take management classes in the evening. Have this my child
Definitely
and make sure
you should have every facility to get these management classes
I want, in future
you have to look after many responsibilities and my whole business
don't you worry about office. I and Raazi would handle everything
its obvious
a son is father's right hand
shall I go?
okay my child
Okay!
bye!
you ladies go and have a look what's going on in kitchen. I'm too hungry
yes
Greetings! Raazi
don't go to office
I need something important
you go to university
and keep an eye on Faizan
change in Faizan
isn't understandable
change is definitely good
but I'm his father
I am well familiar with his nature and habits
I want you to see
where is he going and what is his company
isn't he meeting his rowdy friends again?
I didn't refuse him because it could break his heart
are you understanding what I'm telling you?
I will wait for your call
What is it, Ramsha? Why are you calling again and again?
to ask where are you?
you asked about 10 a.m. and its 10:30. I got ready early only for you
I can't come right now. I'm going to university
for what?
have you taken admission in real?
Father is doubtful about me. He has asked Raazi to spy on me
He just wants to find out if I'm really in university
I knew it
I knew that it isn't easy to make your father fool
what will happen now, Faizan? How will we meet?
I will do something but let me deal with this first. I have to reach before him. I don't have time
Ramsha, you just don't understand. I'm telling you my problem and you aren't getting it
I just told you that I have to reach university. I have to be there before Raazi.
and what are you talking about
and how many times have I told you not to call me when Hadia is with me at night
I have to pretend in front of her. I convinced her talking about love
you don't know what's going to happen if she'd come to know
Since when are you scared of her?
I'm not but it is important to keep Hadia happy for father
His decision of disowning his daughter has gotten me worried
if he can't forgive his daughter. Imagine, what will he do to me
He threatens me all the time that he'd disown me
Faizan, for how long?
for how long will you keep ignoring me to make others happy?
I didn't come back to Pakistan to count stars so that you keep your romance continue with Hadia 
Can you just be patient for once?
Please, stop pressurizing me. Or else I will accept Hadia and leave you
You try to leave me, Faizan
You will see what drama will I create in the world
If I won't take that Hadia out of your life
then my name won't stay Ramsha Ahmed