Sir, I've got one more information
the account manager has told me that Faizan has done a fraud of millions of rupees from the company's account
and he has transferred all the money in a girl's account namely Ramsha
Faizan has married Ramsha secretly
what happen Safder, at least say something
go away from here
I shall leave? what do you mean? At least say something
both of you mother son duo had betrayed me
what betrayal? I don't understand anything
you knew everything, Sheena
still you had kept me in the dark!
our son married Ramsha
still you stayed quiet & didn't even tell me
I wish, you had done the right upbringing of your son & daughter
then today I wouldn't be facing this day
I had never thought of bringing Ramsha into Faizan's life
I never wanted this. Why are you blaming me for this?
no doubt that you haven't said that
but if you had given Hadia her rightful status in her life
then Faizan would have understood her importance
and Ramsha would have stayed away from his life
however, you know that Ramsha wasn't a nice girl
So Hadia didn't proved to be a nice girl as well
she did such a disgusting act which any noble girl couldn't have done
she had hurt your affiance
you used to consider her so pious
still... 
Hadia was far more better than that girl
our son didn't give her that respect & status, which was her right
and during this, anyone could have done a mistake
since Hadia is your choice, therefore all of her mistakes are forgivable!
yes I know, because she is the daughter of a noble man
your son did a lot of injustice with her, I can never forget that
I can forgive hundred of her such mistakes
Faizan did this act just because of you, like the way Natasha.. 
you are justifying your son's mistakes!
there is a limit of shamelessness, Sheena
call him! Call your son right away
right away!
we should talk to Nisar on this matter
let Nisar come back first, then we will think about it
Still I can't believe, how can Sheena play such a big game with our children
I won't spare her so easily
what will you do?
I will go to her house
No! there is no need for you to go there
why?
Safder shouldn't know what poisonous game her wife is playing with us!
she had not only betrayed us, but she had played with our son's emotions
and I will not forget both of them for this
you are right
honestly, you should go & tell the entire reality to brother Safder about his wife
So that he should know what his wife is doing behind his back
don't worry, I won't spare her so easily
they have to answer me
I will also go with you
No, no.. for now I will go alone
Razi, I cannot gather courage to go inside
how will I tell everything to Khadija?
she is already in a lot of trouble
you are right
Fizza was innocent & aunty knew it
and the reality is that... 
aunt Sheena has ruined the happiness of their other daughter as well
may God have mercy
yes dear
Sheena did so wrong
lets go, mom
I don't understand
whether I shall celebrate on this matter or I should curse my enemies
our Fizza is innocent, we knew it from the very first day
the loss is just that
a good person like Nisar had left from Fizza's life
I'm amazed
I can't believe how come Sheena we so cold hearted
but I am not amazed
a person who cannot think good for their children, then how will they think good about other's children
what kind of upbringing she did of her son & daughter
and she isn't realizing it in this age as well?
God willing
God will make Fizza's fate better
God willing
as it is... 
whatever you feel appropriate is fine
but I will say, you should talk to Fizza's in-laws
tell them the entire reality, they should know the truth
and ask Sheena as well
why she did such a big thing? What did she got by doing this?
No sister Sajida
I don't want to say anything to anyone
I don't want to ask any question or so
I've handover the matter of my both daughters in God's hands
whoever had stained their character
and whoever had believed it
will be answerable to God
my husband died
my daughters have become an orphan
no question or answer
can rectify our grief & sorrows
you are right
aunty
I'm sorry, maybe I shouldn't or should have done this but... 
I have told everything to Mr. Rehman
you are my elder
you know how to make a better decision but... 
I've a request
I think we should give one more chance to Mr. Rehman in this entire case
because if someone else would have been in his place then he would have done the same thing for their children
please
if he comes again for Fizza then
don't reject
whenever I had trusted your son
I had experienced pratfall
actually your son is not capable for my trust
dad
is everything Okay? anything happened?
dad, what happen say it. What's wrong?
you are not capable to be called my son
what not I did for you guys
I gave you all the luxuries of this world
and what you guys gave me in return? Grief & problems
you had shown these days to a father who gave you a lifestyle of a prince
disgusting person!
you didn't feel a bit shameful
furthermore... 
you kept on blaming that innocent girl!
while you were lying
you had got married
I've got to know that you... 
are still sending her money from my account
furthermore, you have sold my food factory
oh Mr. Rehman you!
I used to respect you & your wife a lot, Safder
and I couldn't even think of anything wrong about you
even today I won't talk to you with disrespect
although you deserve it
but I will question you
what you got by doing this?
brother Rehman, I didn't get anything
ask your wife & tell me
what did she get by giving millions of rupees to Fawad to defame my to be daughter in law
what!
why will Sheena do this?
I knew it that you will say this
that's why I... 
I've brought proofs with me
one should think before defaming anyone else's daughter
that we also have a daughter in our house
I will apologize to that girl anyhow
but you also ask your wife, that what will she do now!
Safder...
don't know what is saying! he is lying
you...
why you did this, Sheena?
dad, let me tell you
actually mom did all of this because
a woman whose own upbringing is not good cannot do her children upbringing in a good manner
not only you did wrong upbringing of your children but..
you weren't loyal to me
I had trusted you a lot for my entire life
and this is how you had repaid me
you are not capable to live with me
I end my relation with you
I divorce you!
dad please! don't say anything else please. Don't utter a single word please
this woman doesn't worth my trust
I had trusted her
whatever you had said & asked me to do, I did!
and she....
She had put such a disgusting allegation on that girl!
because of her allegation, my best friend Aleem who was more than a brother to me
he left this world with that pain
you are responsible for this deathjk, Sheena
you are responsible for all these humiliations
God will never forgive you
women like you are a burden on this world
how are you standing in front of me!
I can never forgive you
I don't have any place for you in my life!
no relation...
dad please! don't say anything else
mom made a mistake
I apologize on her behalf, please
you
you are apologizing! are your sins less?
have some shame
I was half of your age, I left my house
I worked hard day & night
I became independent
made this house & factories, so that I could provide you a luxurious lifestyle
but what you guys gave me in return?
you guys gave me only humiliation!
and griefs
what was I thinking!
I don't want such life
where neither a wife is loyal nor the kids are obedient
where is my money?
tell me
return me my money, give back my factory
return my factory
Salik had sold it right? He is behind it?
yes
where is he right now?
he has gone to Dubai
was there any third person who gave you this suggestion? Tell me his name
it was Zohaib, he had introduced me to him. I didn't know him personally
Zohaib
come with me right away
greetings!*
where is Zohaib? he is not receiving my phone
Mr. Zohaib is not at home, sir
where is he?
he is going to Dubai by tonight's flight
also he had left with his luggage
who else is at home
nobody
hi Taimoor, how are you?
you fled away by putting me into hot water
I had forbidden you not to transfer the ownership of the factory in my name
what do you mean? Is everything alright?
ask me what not had happened
Safder Kamal came here to my office to investigate about you
what!
then?
I said, I sold that factory to you as per my will after purchasing it from Faizan
and now I am not concerned about this matter
remember one more thing, Salik
if any matter will come on my head, then I won't spare you & Zohaib
Okay, don't take tension. Let me do something
Safder Kamal has got to know everything...
you & Ramsha leave for Dubai from the very first flight
what!
what rubbish! how?
don't know one of you did a stupidity and...
they have got the entire detail
so now?
Taimoor had called as well
he is also quite worried, the police has reached his house
Safder Kamal has got to know about our plan
no, no...
we cannot stay here, we have to go
right away! lets go
all the documents are in front of you
Salik is the person who had provoked my son & transferred the ownership of the factory in his name
and he escaped from the country with all the money
we've sent a letter to UAE consulate about Salik
another guy was involved with him in this matter, what was his name...
Zohaib
yes Zohaib
that guy is also escaping from the country tonight
and along with him, there is a ticket of a girl namely Ramsha
whatever it is
make sure to arrest all of them
before they escape the country
they are the reason behind this destruction
hello!
yes yes, Okay
put Ramsha & Zohaib's name in ECL as well
yes, the arrest warrant is ready
ok don't worry
yes
thank you, sir
welcome
I must say, both of you guys shall leave from here as soon as possible
Safder Kamal will be here anytime with the police
what if they arrested us at the airport, then?
that's why I'm saying, leave from here as soon as possible
they will be here anytime
and yes! do leave the cash over here otherwise the custom will take it at the airport
aunty, what are you saying? Its a matter of one crore rupees. How can we leave them over here?
I'm here, why are you worrying? tomorrow I will deposit them to Ramsha's account
and you guys shall leave from here as soon as possible
take the first flight
if they reach here, then you won't be able to get away
look, we don't have any other option than this one. Come on be quick
go!
don't you dare! Nobody will move a bit
you back stabber! I had considered you my friend. Fraudster!
I thought you love me
No Faizan
I haven't done anything
believe me, I haven't done anything
all of this was Zohaib's planning
I, myself got fooled by him
Safder uncle, get him arrested
he got your factory sold
I'm your daughter in law, the honor of your family. How could you get me arrested?
the girls of a respectable family don't do such things that you did
start your proceedings
proceedings?
 I'm telling you, I have done nothing!
Zohaib made us meet Salik
I didn't even knew him
and Faizan, why are you quiet?
you know I am not that kind of a girl
I love you
and I am about to become the mother of your baby
what!
what is she saying, Faizan?
Faizan, save me! please save me
unlce, she is lying! Faizan, she is doing a drama of pregnancy
shut up! you wretched person! Fraudster
it was your idea to sell off Faizan's factory by Salik's help
and you will get punished for it for sure
I am innocent, are you guys listening!
Mr. Safder, my daughter is innocent. She haven't done anything
the entire drama is created by Salik & Zohaib, they did everything
she is so naive & not criminal minded to do such acts
how criminal minded your daughter is, let me tell them!
uncle! Faizan, listen to my story for once. After that I will accept whatever you say
uncle, let me tell you the entire truth
Ramsha had trapped me along with her mother
hey! he is lying.. we haven't done any such thing
I'm not lying!
it was their plan
Faizan, for how long do you know me? I had told you earlier as well to get over Ramsha
had I or not?
they did an entire drama to remove Hadia from your life, it was a plan by them!
I had explained this to you earlier as well
uncle, I swear it to you. Faizi, there isn't any such thing
I haven't made any plan for that factory, nothing as such had happened. She even black mailed me for this
enough of your drama! 
Arrest both of them!
hey no, no...
take them away
leave me! I won't go
take them
leave me!
come to the police station!
for God sake leave my daughter, forgive her. She hasn't done anything
Faizan, you love her right?
but Faizan, you love her!
dad, I'm sorry
trust me, I didn't know that they are of such kind
I was blinded, I didn't know what to do
I'm really sorry
hello!
Salik, we are destroyed!
Faizan & Safder Kamal has got to know everything about us
just a while ago, they came here along with the police
they took away Ramsha & Zohaib after arresting them
oh my God!
for God sake do something
do something, get my daughter released
I don't have anyone in this world except for Ramsha
for God sake, get her out
aunty, don't you worry
just wait & watch, what I am going to do with Faizan
what shall I do, oh God!
my Ramsha...
 my Ramsha...
their son & daughter both were present there
Safder wasn't aware of all this
you did very well by going there & exposing Sheena in front of all
yes maybe...
Sheena didn't had an idea that her alacrity will come like this in front of all
she should know how to feel by making others life a living hell
the people who adds poison to others life don't sit in peace ever
one day or the other their life also becomes a living hell
So, what do you think? Will they agree for reconciliation?
what can I say?
what's the harm in trying
if brother Aleem would have been alive today, then I would have personally apologized to him
he had complete trust on his daughters, but we didn't listen to a single word
that poor guy didn't uttered a word when I had called to call off the engagement
if someone else would have been in his place then he would have misbehaved with me
but the poor guy, he didn't even uttered a single word
may God rest his soul in peace
Amen
so tell me, when are we visiting their house?
let Nisar come, then we will go together
I think we shouldn't take Nisar right now
let us go first & check this matter on our own
how life take turns
we are unable to understand
whatever we saw
whatever we had suffered
don't know whether it was reality or a dream
how we had planned to come into this house
and how we came here
we had never thought that we had to come here in such a hurry
and now soon we'll leave this house
mom I...
I'm guilty
maybe all of this had happened because of me, but you know the reality
don't worry
the place where I have applied for the job
I'm very sure that I will get a job there
once we will leave this country then
God willing everything will be fine
who came at this hour?
go check
let me go & check
I don't have words to start this conversation
I...
I took my decisions so hastily
I took no time in putting allegations
sister, I'm not only guilty on my actions but...
I'm regretting
I didn't even think for once that what a big allegation I'm about to put on Razi
I blamed my daughter in law
and I'm facing its consequences
what is happening with my family, its in front of you
I am almost ruined, sister
what else I can do, that I shall fold my hands...
please uncle!
I have always considered you as my father
you can beat me, scold me but you cannot apologize to me
I was expecting this from you
stay blessed
stay happy
will you guys keep on talking while standing here or will you sit?
let me bring tea
yes
uncle, come.. sit
I've made this small house with my hard work
All praise to God!
it takes an entire life to understand someone
and we understand some matters at the end of our life
I had a doubt that, if some else would have been in my place then he would have done the same thing
but today, after brother Aleem's death
I've realized that..
if brother Aleem would have been in my place then he would have never done this
its just
the matter of everyone's nature
I cannot reach his status
I became the reason of his hurting
and it will always keep me upset
may God bless your with a long life for your daughters
I came with a request of reconciliation by apologizing to you
brother, only suffering was written in our fate
nobody can change the fate
its just that
whichever allegations were put on my daughters are removed
they are proved pious
thank God!
I'm happy
and I'm sure that
their father must be happy there
its just that
nobody comes back from there
this loss is irreparable
so sister Khadija...
are we allowed to make Fizza wear the ring once again?
my daughter was so hurt
because of the breaking of this relation
she had to listen a lot of taunts by people
she had tolerated dirty stares
she had locked herself in a room
she changed her college
she lost her trust from her friends
she has tolerated a lot of suffering
therefore....
I cannot make this decision for her
Fizza will make this decision herself
whether she wants to get into this relation
or to continue with it
only she will tell you
not me