What are you doing here?
huh? Why don't you leave?
Ask driver and go to station. Take bus from there and go to your parents. And do not turn back. You'll get divorce papers at your home. 
Why would I leave?
I want to talk to Faizan. Until he says I won't ..
This is what Faizan wants too that you go back to Hyderabad.
He doesn't want to keep any link with you
Listen to me, what's my fault? That I went to the party with your son?
I didn't know that I was too unsafe with my own husband. He left me alone there, and I kept looking for him. 
No one would believe your false stories. Its better that whom you like ..
you stay with him.
you have no relation with Faizan now.
I don't like anyone, and I won't leave.
how stubborn are you. After so much has happened, your attitude hasn't still gone. 
auntie, please trust me
don't touch me
how can you do this to me? You are a mother of a daughter. How could you do it to me?
Just shut up!
do not take my daughter's name. And how dare you to compare yourself with my daughter?
Its better if you leave yourself.
otherwise, I don't like kicking you out in this condition.
I'm not going anywhere. I'll stay here. I am innocent ..
you will go
Leave me!
Leave my hand.
Mother, lets go
There is no use of staying here. Lets go
Raazi, Safdar is too angry right now. As soon as he'd cool down, tell him everything
its of no use, mother. I don't have any evidence other than truth.
These people won't believe me even if I'd swear upon the holy book.
Please, lets go
I know ..
I'm satisfied, mother. I never did wrong to anyone. God will give me justice.
I don't care about the world, mother. I care about only you. Come with me.
No, no Raazi. We won't leave like this. I will clear the doubts of my brother and then go. Raazi talk to him and prove that you are innocent. 
otherwise, I won't be able to face my brother.
uncle is angry right now. He isn't listening to anyone.
Faizan thinks that he has succeeded. No mother! Remember what you used to say, mother?
That truth is very strong. No matter how much lies are kept hidden but it is revealed one day.
but Hadia? What about Hadia?
I wish ..
I wish I could do anything for Hadia. What do I do?
What was the need of going there?
Why did you go there to bring her?
This isn't the time of argument
You come with me. We have to save Hadia's house together. I can't do injustice to Hadia. I don't want to tarnish her reputation anymore.
She is going to be a mother. What will happen to her parents if they'd find out?
I want to go away. I want to go away forever and never want to see their faces. Come with me. I'm packing up. Come
What are you doing? I'm not going anywhere without Faizan.
Faizan doesn't even want to see your face, let alone spit. What will you do here?
No, he can't do this. He has to listen to me
He doesn't want to listen anything. If you are a little ashamed, then leave quietly. Don't make your drama
how can you do this?
Have mercy on me in this condition. Don't do this injustice. My parents would die. They won't be able to tolerate.
You should have thought about your old parents before having an affair
that either they'd be able to tolerate it or not
for God's sake, enough. don't put such disgusting blames on me.
Call Faizan. Call father. I won't leave without their permission.
Enough! No one would listen to him now. His huge mistake was to trust snakes like you
you did something that no one would think of
All these relationships are ended. You have no relation with Faizan now.
How can this relation end? I'm his wife and mother of his to-be child. It can't end like this.
Faizan, its good that you are here. Look, auntie is sending me from home
after what you did, its better that you leave Hadia. Out!
What are you saying, Faizan? I didn't do anything. You know it that I'm innocent
you betrayed me, Hadia. You kept doing everything in front of me and I considered your fake love true. You have hurt me
I trusted you. But you .. its better that you leave
I won't go anywhere. I didn't do anything. I swear upon my unborn child that I haven't done anything. 
you know what, Hadia. I'm not even sure if this is my child or not.
What kind of person are you? What kind of person? One shouldn't even call you a human.
Aren't you ashamed? Didn't your heart tremble cursing your own child?
I expected everything from you but this
and you ..
I haven't seen such cold hearted woman in my life
God will take revenge from you. Keep your son with you. Your son and your house should go to hell.
I'm leaving forever.
I won't turn back.
Lets go mother
We are going
Thank God!
Mother please, lets go
Listen, once you have left do not think about coming back
don't you worry
when a respectful person leaves, he doesn't come back.
Your attitude hasn't gone
Sheena, I ..
for once
I want to meet my brother
He doesn't want to meet you. The trouble you have caused us, after that he would never want
Go from here. Or else I'll call guards and ask them to kick you out
Enough Sheena! Don't you have manners how to talk to someone?
Leave me, and focus on him
He is out of your control
you are crossing the limits, auntie
Have I crossed the limit? You have crossed the limit, Raazi. Safdar spoiled more than you deserved
Mother, lets go from there. I can't tolerate any further insult. Thanks a lot
You are dead to us
come Raazi
There is no need to come back here. Never
Yes sister? Greetings! How are you?
Brother Aleem, do you even know what has your daughter done?
what? what are you saying sister? I don't get it.
She was away the whole night. Do you even know with whom she was? she spent the whole night with Raazi. Faizan even has the proof. He took their pictures.
Sister, think before you speak. What are you saying?
What Hadia has done to us, she has ruined our reputation. No decent girl would do what she did to us
and I would never forgive her
No, Hadia isn't like this. She would ..
never think about doing anything. You must have some misconception
It isn't a misconception, Mr. Aleem. Your daughter had an affair with Raazi. And this has been happening since before the marriage. They liked each other before wedding. They kept meeting even after marriage. They still love each other.
Greetings! Sister, brother Aleem was coming back from prayer. He had heart attack. People have taken him to hospital
heart attack?
what?
Thanks man
Keep this. I have put sim in it
Your phone ..
Its nothing to worry about. I have asked a friend to try as soon as its switched on
thank you so much, man. I can't explain how to thank you but ..
you are always very helpful
man, I have already told you that I can even give my life for a friend like you
its something very little
thank you man. Come and have tea. I won't let you leave like this
no man, not now. Some other day
I have something important to do right now
thank you so much 
I think you have some important call. I'll leave now
okay! Thanks once again
thank you so much
Raazi
man, you are a star. Your friend would never leave you a lone
thank you!
bye!
Greetings mother!
hello? Fizza?
What happened mother? Is everything okay?
my child, your father is in hospital. Come quickly
what? How did this happen mother?
my child, he was all fine. He went to pray. Someone came and informed me that he had heart attack
they brought him to hospital
mother, I'm coming. Did you call sister?
I called her many times, my child. Her phone isn't connecting. I don't understand what is happening
Fine, don't you worry. I'm coming
Come quickly my child
bye!
Mother, do not say anything to Farwa please
They both are newly married. She is gone to Europe with her husband
her trip would be spoiled unreasonably
my child, she would find out eventually. These things aren't kept hidden for long
and .. your auntie Sheena would have already spread it in the whole family
I'm scared, how would brother Aleem tolerate it after finding it out
Fizza?
Yes Fizza?
Hello? Brother Raazi ..
Fizza, why are you crying? Is everything alright?
Nothing is fine. I have been calling sister since long. She isn't picking up. Did something happen at home?
Fizza leave that. Tell me why are you crying?
Brother Raazi, father 
what happened to him?
Father is in worse condition. Doctors aren't telling anything. Please bring sister and come
God have mercy. Don't you worry. I'm coming. I'm bring Hadia to hospital. Okay?
No Raazi, you won't go anywhere
He is saying that he is bringing sister
father would be fine
have courage my child. He will be
My child, it isn't appropriate for you to go there. Safdar's doubt will turn into reality otherwise. Don't go
No mother ..
No one can stop me today. Let me go
Hey, why are you being fool?
It isn't appropriate for you to go there. Sheena would have spread it in the whole family. May be this is why, brother Aleem is in hospital. And Khadija won't like seeing you too.
Mother, for me nothing is bigger than humanity. He is between life and death. There is no one to help them. Let me go
Hey!
O God, save us
Greetings!
Greetings!
Sir stop! You can't go inside. Madam forbade us
what? how can you do this? I have to go inside. I'm requesting you please ..
Mr. Raazi, she forbade us. You can't go inside. My job can suffer
Why aren't you understanding. I have to go inside. I have to meet the other madam
Her? But she has already left
left? where?
Madam Hadia ..
but where?
I don't know sir. I didn't ask
was there someone with her?
no sir, there was no one with her. She didn't have any luggage. 
Okay!
what we thought about you and what have you proven yourself
your parents used to praise you daughters in front of the whole family for your decency. Is this what your decency is?
one had an affair with a classmate ..
and the other one had an affair with cousin of her husband
there is no one worse than you
I'm ashamed of calling you my daughter in law
Hadia?
you? What are you doing here?
what are you doing here? Come with me
why would I go with you? I don't want to go anywhere with you
Hadia, listen to me
I don't want to listen to you
you have ruined everything. What else do you want?
I know that you are too upset right now. I will go forever but listen to me for once
I don't want to hear anything. Leave me alone
I will. Let me take you to your destination and then I'll leave
I don't need your help
I'm not here to help
I am here to support you
with what right?
You don't have an answer? Do you?
because you have no right
how many times I asked you not to interfere in my life but you didn't listen
I told you that I don't love you and leave but .. you ruined my life after all
you have broken my life. My husband is against me
Hadia, do you really think that your life is ruined because of me? Fine, I'll go away forever but you really think that I'm at fault?
I always helped you Hadia. The truth is, your and Faizan's relationship was very weak
this isn't the time to argue, Hadia. You should be at hospital at this time with your father. Come
hospital?
yes!
what happened to my father?
Hadia, your father isn't well. Please come
Which hospital? Take me
come
Aren't you ready yet?
I think you are in deep thoughts
when did you come?
when you were lost
what are you thinking?
Nothing!
There is something. Look at the weather outside and look at you sitting here sad
mother and brother aren't receiving my call
its just this?
they both must be busy
It has never happened. I'm too anxious too
I feel as if something is wrong
you are being stressed out for no reason
I promise, we'll leave soon. Now fix your mood please
Look, what I got you?
How is it?
Its beautiful. Thank you!
Now get up and get ready. Lets go outside
We are having a big exam
May God have mercy on us
fame, name, wealth ..
everything is at stake
I don't care about anything now but my children happiness
Thank God that you have finally realized that there is nothing more important than our children happiness
Sheena
it isn't the time of taunts
Pray that our daughter comes out of this trauma
I will see Raazi later
If anything would happen to my daughter, then I'd forget that he is my nephew
She came back to her life after such hard time
she was betrayed the second time
it will take some time
please
look, she needs our love and attention at this time
forget the whole matter
and stay with her all the time
she is mentally disturbed. She needs us. Are you understanding? Doctor said she can have suicidal thoughts again
do not leave her even for a minute
you go and send Hadia. I need to talk something important
what's left now, Safdar?
Also, she has already left?
What do you mean? Where has she gone?
I don't know. She might have gone to Hyderabad
Why did you let her go?
Sheena I forbade you not to let her go from this house until the child is born
what if its spread in society? I would see Raazi but she is dignity of our house. Hey, what has happened to you? Brother Aleem won't be able to tolerate hearing this all
Enough of supporting them, Safdar. The humiliation they have given us, after all that you still want to keep her at our house?
I had no other option but to forgive her, Sheena. I can't give this shock to brother Aleem
Wow Safdar, so much has happened and you are still thinking about your friend?
and by the way ..
I didn't send her
I and Faizan tried to stop her a lot. She was in anger and left with Raazi and sister
what?
they have left too?
what were they supposed to do staying here?
I didn't want to stop them but I wanted to talk to Raazi at least
you have already asked what you wanted to ask. What else you wanted to know now?
why didn't anyone tell me anything?
its good that nobody told you. Because I knew that you would stop them
I didn't want to stop them but talk to Raazi
come on, Safdar. You have a name in society. Do you want to lose everything because of those disgusting people?
I would say that its good that their reality is revealed on right time. Otherwise, what if after getting married to Natasha ..
this truth was revealed then we couldn't have done anything. You know how emotion she is
Safdar, whatever has happened is right. Everything happened on the right time
why are you taking tension?
its of no use. Its good that they all have left
we have to think about our children only
about their happiness and future
Right?
Fizza, where is father? What happened to him?
He isn't fine, sister
He is too sick
what happened to him?
He isn't well. Doctors said that they can't say anything right now
Why are you with him?
Where is Faizan?
Mother, I called brother Faizan and sister. Nobody was picking up the call so ..
I called brother Raazi and asked him to bring sister
and when I checked father's phone, the last call was from auntie Sheena. I was worried
what?
yes
auntie, have courage
everything will be fine
Hadia, tell me? What happened at home that when Sheena called your father, he reached here?
Auntie, let me tell you everything
Please, give me chance. Actually, the other night I was working at office. I got a message from Hadia's number.