I'm telling you this clearly. Cowards like Faizan are indecisive who don't know what they want to do.
He doesn't care for his beautiful wife, how would he care for you? Even if he deserts his wife and wealth and comes to you, what will you get?
Why would he come empty handed? He is the sole heir of such a big property, why would he come empty handed?
You're mistaken big time. His father is alive and he's rather young. He's not dying anytime soon. If Faizan marries you, his father will definitely cut him off.
I'm just advising you. Think before you take a decision. You're young and beautiful. You'll find a better guy than Faizan. What has he got?
I trapped him with so much difficulty, I'll not let him go so easily. He'll have to marry me. You'll see.
She's a crazy girl. How should I make her understand?
Yes uncle, I've reached and Faizan has gone inside the university. I'll meet you there. Bye.
I'm amazed how did Faizan think about studying. He's so bothered all the time.
Even I don't understand.
Tell me one thing.
Yes even dad is happy but I'm anxious.
Then find out. You should be anxious. You should find out the reason for this change. What if something is wrong.
How can I find out? I don't leave home.
I'll only find out if I go out.
Find out. You're always at home. You should start socializing like Sheena auntie and other women from her circle.
You have secured yourself within the house.
I don't like going out. I want to stay at home and do chores but we have so many servants I can't even drink water myself. Fizza I get so bored here.
I miss our school.
You live in Karachi. Its a big city. Your father in law is a business tycoon. You should,
be meeting people and making contacts. Like Sheena auntie. Adopt a lifestyle like her.
Don't advise me to adopt a lifestyle like hers.
I'm not used to it neither do I like it.
What's bad in being modern? Maybe this is why Faizan seems a bit put off by you because he also likes modern girls.
He has changed a lot. He talked to me with a lot of love and apologized for his past attitude.
You shouldn't be believing his sweet talk. He's very clever.
He definitely wants to get something from Safdar uncle which is why he's doing everything.
Its not that. Why are you always negative?
I'm just trying to make you understand. If you really want to win him over, be like he wants to.
What do you mean?
I mean your status has changed and as it is...
Change of status doesn't mean your personality will change and I don't want to be like Sheena auntie.
Stop giving me these stupid advises. You're younger than me, don't act like my grandma.
Listen.. Now she's upset with me.
If Safdar really disowns Natasha from his wealth and this house, what will become of her?
Where will she live? How will she spend her life? I'll not let Safdar do it. I'll have to finish this hatred Safdar has for Natasha.
Safdar isn't home. This is a good chance. I'll go and meet Natasha.
Natasha.. my child. What did you do to yourself? Are you alright? Did you get hurt?
So you finally thought about me mom?
You people didn't even ask me once, where was I, how was I? Dad didn't even ask about me even once?
We're not so unconcerned about you. You don't know how upset I was without you.
Your father cannot sleep at night. He misses you so much.
Don't like to me. I'm his daughter. I know he doesn't have any soft corner for his children.
Its because of his attitude that I took this step.
You mistrust us so much?
Mom, I'm wrong, I'm stupid and I'm emotional. I accept that but what did you people do for me?
First you people objected to David so you brought me to Pakistan. Then you made me dream about rich and handsome boys but then you selected that Razi whose already feeding over our leftovers.
Razi is at least hundred times better than this liar Sherry who brought you to this cheap house.
What did you do to yourself Natasha? Why were you in such a hurry?
I wasn't in a hurry mom. I was just afraid that dad would make me marry Razi.
To get rid of him, you did this? Now what will you do? How will you get out?
Nothing. I'll not live here forever.
What? What are you planning on doing now?
I'll get a divorce and come back home. What else?
Have you lost your mind? You will take a divorce two weeks after your wedding and you think your father will forgive you?
So mom what are you there for? Go home and talk to dad and tell him to forgive me, I want to come back.
Natasha it isn't so easy. You know your father. I came here with so much difficulty. Hiding from everyone.
You have no idea.
Mom, I'll apologize to him myself but you just make him listen to you. I cannot stay here for long. I'll suffocate. Why don't you understand?
You should have thought about it earlier. But don't worry. I'll think of something. Come sit here with me. Come.
Tell me, what did the doctor tell you? Did you take your medicine?
Mom, just let go please. The doctors...
How do you like it?
Its good.
Only good? Do you know how expensive it is?
Whats the use of this money and jewelry when you cannot be mine?
Who told you I'm not yours. You know only you're in my heart.
What will this get me?
Its important to have a place in the house. Its important to have a relationship.
Faizan how long will you keep me waiting?
That time will come soon. Just wait a little.
I bought you a gift and you're giving me attitude.
You think I'm happy with all this jewelry and your money? No. Faizan I don't need all this. I just need you.
I think this is enough. Now change your mood. I promise I'll come on time tomorrow. You don't have to react. 
Now you'll have to go home because Hadia must be waiting for you.
You do know what I'm doing for you. I left office and I'm pretending to study in a university so that we can spend more time together.
I'm making efforts for you and you're....
Its better that you tell everyone the truth once and for all rather than lying..
What do you want me to tell everyone?
That you love me and we cannot live without one another.
Have you lost your mind Ramsha?
Faizan I cannot wait anymore. I have a lot of proposals. Mom is pressurizing me and you're not giving me any green signal either.
You're scared of so much of your father. He'll never let us be one. You will be happy with Hadia and I'll keep hanging here.
What do you want me to do? What should I do? Should I marry you and take you home and tell them to meet their other daughter in law?
We had a deal remember? You cannot pressurize me like this. We decided that I'll not tell my parents until there is a suitable time then what is this?
Natasha's matter is in front of you. He has kicked her out. If he finds out about us, he'll disown me too. I'll be empty handed will you accept me then?
Do you think I'm with you because of your money?
I don't know. Maybe.
I am sorry. I didn't mean this. Ramsha you'll have to give me time or else..
Or else what?
Lets part ways.
If you want leave me, leave me. I don't need your money or this jewelry. Do you hear me?
How are you living here?
How are you living here? Its not worth you. I don't believe you're living here.
What else could I do? I had no other option.
You could have called me.
I would have taken you with me. Perhaps to a friend but you knew the real face of that liar Sherry and still came here?
Oh well. Don't worry. I'll take you away from here as soon as your dad calms down.
Please hurry up. I will suffocate here. I cannot live here anymore.
I'll do something soon. I promise.
Do you know dad has frozen my accounts as well? I don't have a penny to spend.
Here. Keep this 500,000 rupees. Spend as you like on your doctor, medicines and whatever you want to eat.
If you need anything, let me know. I'll send it through the driver.
Just tell me whatever you need. Don't be afraid.
Don't worry. I'll take you from here very soon.
Take care. Put your medicine and take it correctly. Go to the doctor. I'll leave now.
How can it be possible dear? Search, you'll find it.
I have searched the entire wardrobe the necklaces are nowhere to be found.
But where can they go? What else was there except the necklace?
I had some cash and thats gone too.
Cash? How much?
5 lacs.
I had gotten them as a gift and mom and dad had given me some to spend.
5 lacs. Why did you keep such a huge sum in the wardrobe dear?
You could have put it in the bank.
I didn't even think about it. Ever since I came here, I didn't have to spend or take the money out.
Its surprising. We have been here for so long but we didn't lose anything.
Mom..
We don't have anything as precious. Her necklace was very heavy.
It must be valuable.
Its not about the price. The necklace was priceless for me. It was a family heirloom. My grandmother gave it to my mom and she gave it to me on my wedding.
I need that necklace, the money isn't important. Please help me find it. Call the servants and ask them.
Dear, my child. How can I do that? You and Sheena can do that.
I cannot tell auntie.
She will scold me and I don't want mom or dad to find out as well.
But we'll have to do something. Talk to Faizan maybe.
Leave Faizan out of it. He will tell Sheena first and then she'll tell uncle.
But dear, this cannot stay hidden for long. We'll have to tell at least.
Dear, whats done is done. Be careful next time. Keep your things safe. Everything will be alright. I'll do something.
Did Faizan do this. No why would he do this? He has everything. He would never take his own wife's necklace from his own room. Then why was he asking me that day.
Khadijah, what is it? You don't seem well.
I had a headache so I closed my eyes for a minute.
How many times I have told you? You're working round the clock. You're bound to get a headache. Get a maid but you don't listen to me.
What are you saying?
I've always done everything myself, how will I ask anybody to do it?
See, it was different earlier. Hadia and Fizza both helped you.
Now you do everything alone. Its not right. I'll arrange a maid tomorrow.
Whatever you find right but I'll cook for you myself.
Fine.
I was thinking its been so many days we haven't talked to Hadia or Fizza.
To be honest, even I was thinking I should go and meet both of them.
It doesn't seem good if we go to Hadia's house every now and then and Fizza,
she's busy studying. Lets not bother her. We'll talk to them.
Alright, as you say.
But trust me, you'll tell me yourself that you're missing both of them and you want me to take you to Karachi.
We'll see then. Should I get you dinner?
See? He gave me such expensive gift. You underestimate him without any reason.
Well there's no doubt that he loves you and gives you good gifts but,
I feel this necklace is used.
What do you mean?
Its very valuable and seems like a family heirloom. Where do you find such designs today?
So antique jewelry is in fashion these days. He must have ordered one for me.
Don't be stupid yourself neither make me a fool. I think he stole it from his wife or his mother.
How can you say that?
You don't understand him in such a long time but I have understood him perfectly. Someone who isn't loyal to his wife or his family, he will never be loyal to you and you don't understand this.
By the way this is very valuable and we don't really care where he got it from. We have it with ourselves.
How does it look?
I have a lot of proposals and mom is pressurizing me. You're scared of your dad and nothing will happen. You'll be happy with Hadia and you'll keep me hanging.
Faizan I want to talk to you.
Go to the room. I'll come and talk.
What happened? You're so upset ever since you came back.
Hadia don't you understand. Go to your room. I'll come and talk to you.
I'm sorry. I shouldn't have shouted. It was my first day university. I've grown out of the habit. I'm sorry I'm a little irritated.
Fix your face. I didn't say anything such that you're in a bad mood. Tell me what happened.
My necklace is lost.
What how?
I don't know. My necklace and five lac cash is missing. It was there yesterday but not anymore.
Don't worry. I'll get the cameras checked. We'll find out who did this cheap thing. Don't mention it to anyone, especially mom and dad.
But..
They'll say you're irresponsible. What will your parents say that you lost such a valuable gift?
How do you know my parents gave it to me?
How would I know? You told me your mother gifted it to you. Don't worry Hadia. I'll get you a new one if we don't find it. Okay?
Uncle, the DHA restaurant is going well. We get excellent profits from there but we need to focus on others as well.
I trust your expertise dear.
I expect you to do the same with all my other branches as well.
Thank you uncle. As God wills.
Faizan's  absence doesn't bother you much but if you want I'll get you an employ.
No uncle. I don't need any. I'll handle alone. Don't worry.
Thank you dear. There's one more thing. Please look into Faizan's university. I don't trust him at all.
Don't worry uncle. I'll keep updating you.
If only he was as hard working and sensible like you. I wouldn't be doubting him then. 
He'll be fine uncle. Don't worry.
By the way, I hope it is as you say. I have sensed a change in him ever since Hadia came.
I hope he does something that makes me proud of him.
As God wills.
Please go and get some rest. We'll talk in the morning.
Good night.
I don't know where my necklace is lost. My mom was sure I'd take care of it.
But I couldn't keep it safe. What happened? What will I tell mom?
Its amazing mom, such a big thing happened and you didn't tell uncle.
Hadia said not to. I didn't want to tell you but I couldn't hold back.
I'd say ask Basharat to check the lounge camera. We'll find out who went to Hadia's room while she wasn't around.
No mom.
I don't think this is so. But I'll still ask Basharat. We shouldn't be accusing someone. I know all these servants well. They're very respectable and honest people.
You can see, never has anything been stolen from uncle's house ever since they have joined.
That's right but Hadia is very simple and anybody could take advantage of that.
Mom its nobody else but her husband.
What do you mean?
I suspect Faizan. He is habitual of stealing ever since he was a child.
He stole the gold bangle from grandma's wardrobe and in his teenage he got into drugs and uncle stopped his pocket money.
I'm telling you. This cheap thing is done by Faizan. I'm upset that he didn't even spare his wife.
Poor Hadia. I'm sad for her.
Its all uncle's fault. Had he set limits for his children since their childhood, they wouldn't have done it.
Enough dear. Bury all this in your heart now.
Don't mention it to anyone. Not your uncle and especially not Hadia. Its their personal matter. We shouldn't interfere.