Everyone at home must be worried about my and Faizan's absence. I need to be at home immediately.
Yes, I'm trying. No one is picking up.
The city is at least sixty to seventy kilometers away from here.
In these conditions, you guys shouldn't have traveled here. I don't know why he brought you here.
Are you alright?
Yes, I'm fine, what happened to the car?
Let me check.
The car's engine has heated up, that's why it has shut off. Let me check.
Don't worry, I'll check. Please keep sitting.
Give me whatever you have. Hurry up!
Hurry up and give me everything!
Give me your purse. Don't say anything and back off!
Hurry up!
Are you alright?
Give me two minutes.
Do something Razi... we're already late. We weren't able to reach anyone at home, and on top of that, our phones have been snatched as well.
Borrow someone's phone and talk to Faizan, or at least reach out to someone at home.
Hadia, our cell phones have been snatched.
And I don't remember anyone's number, what should I do?
Please calm down. Don't worry, everything will be alright.
I've added water to the radiator. Soon the engine will cool down...
and we'll leave. Besides, in this condition, you shouldn't take any stress.
Please take me home by any means necessary. Lord knows what everyone at home must be thinking about me.
I told you, don't worry.
God willing everything will be alright
Natasha, call Razi again and ask him where he is.
Auntie, I've been trying for ages, I texted as well, but he's not answering.
I'm worried as well. There is no news from anywhere.
Shina, I told you not to send Hadia out in her state.
In her state carelessness is not good. Faizan should have thought about that.
May God have mercy.
May God keep those children under His protection.
Natasha, call Faizan's friends.
Mother, they are at a party, and it's normal for them to be late. I'm worried about Razi.
He's not picking up or replying to any messages.
Father is here.
Safdar...
Where was your father? We've been waiting for you for ages.
What happened, is everything alright? Why are you guys sitting here at this hour?
Safdar, I don't where Razi has gone. He's not picking up any calls or replying to any messages.
And... Faizan isn't here as well. Both of them said that they'll be back by midnight and it has exceeded that.
He hasn't come home yet and his phone is switched off as well.
What happened? Is the car okay now?
The engine is cooled down, and God willing the car will start soon.
In the name of God...
Faizan where were you? Have you looked at the time?
Where's Hadia?
What do you mean? She should be with you.
She did go with me, but she didn't come back with me.
What do you mean?
We went to a party. I got unwell and fell unconscious when I woke up she wasn't there.
Do you know where she is? She's with Razi right now.
Faizan, what are you saying? Are you in your senses?
Father, I'm telling the truth. When I woke up, my friends told me that she left with Razi.
Auntie, after what your son has done he doesn't deserve to live in this house.
Enough Faizan!
Not one more word. I will not hear anything!
You will have to listen.
I will not remain silent anymore because this matter now concerns the honor of this house and my wife!
Do you know where he is with Hadia right now? Your son has back-stabbed us all!
Faizan just shut up!
Hadia went with you to the party.
Don't you understand what I'm saying? Don't you get it?
She did go with me, but she didn't come back with me. She took advantage of my unconscious state. She called Razi and went with him.
Enough... how much more lies will you tell? How many allegations will you put on them both?
Tell us that all of this is a lie and you're alleging the two of them.
Just wait... father check your phone.
Safdar, all of this is a lie, Faizan is lying.
My son cannot do this. My education is not lacking. This is not the way that I raised him.
That's what's disappointing. Nothing was lacking in your education or my blessings.
Then why did he do something so vile?
Safdar?
He has dishonored his own home. An honorable man can't even think of doing what he did.
I raised Razi as my son, I trusted him as a member of my home, and in return...
he did this. He has hurt my trust and love!
I will never forgive him. More than that I never thought anything of my son in front of him.
In return he... I feel ashamed. He used a meeting as an excuse to leave and God knows...
Father... Hadia would never do this. Razia would never do something like this. You know them both.
Razi would never cheat on me, nor would he betray me.
I knew no one would believe me. That's why I brought proof. This phone has pictures of Hadia and Razi leaving together from the farmhouse.
All of this is a lie. I don't believe these pictures. You are trying to defame Razi.
You've gone insane! Why would I do all this?
Because you hate Razi, that's why you did all this to him.
I'm not insane Natasha!
Why would I expose my wife in front of everyone else?
I told you so many times not to do this. You didn't trust me, can't you see it with your own eyes?
Mother, why aren't you asking Faizan to quiet himself?
Razi can never do something like this. Mother, say something.
What should I say? I don't understand myself. I'm in shock as well.
I could never imagine them doing something like this. I even feel ashamed saying it.
Razi can never do something like this.
Natasha...
Razi, you can't do this to me.
I trusted you the most.
I trusted you so much. I even handed my entire business over to you.
I preferred you over my son. I even trusted you with my daughter, but you...
This is how you repaid me? Look how you broke my trust.
That's why you weren't even picking up my calls. And Hadia...
how can you do all of this to me? How can you shatter my family's respect?
If what I saw turns out to be the truth...
then I will lose all faith in this entire world. I will never forgive you two.
Never.
God... please help me get out of this tough situation.
My entire life's great deeds are on the line.
You will help me in the hereafter. But help me in this world as well, as it is the place I'm currently in.
God, I'm weak and helpless. I don't have the strength to endure such sadness at this age.
Help me God... help me.
You two are back! Why are you two here after spending the entire night together and destroying our family's honor?
What are you saying? Are you in your senses?
I've come to my senses! Your ill deeds have been exposed to all of us!
Do you even know what you're saying?
I know what I'm saying. We thought our son was a liar.
And believed you two, and this is how you repaid me? And Hadia you...
you thought yourself to be a saint. We thought that too, but look how you turned out to be
Your parents used you to sing your praises to anyone who would hear it.
But look at you and your sister. Your sister betrayed his fiance and had an affair with her class fellow...
and you couldn't find anyone other than your husband's cousin to have an affair with.
Quiet! I cannot hear more of this!
Have some fear of God.
You two should be afraid of God.
You two deceived everyone. This is how repaid your uncle. You fed off our scraps all your life.
What didn't he do for you? Instead of being grateful to us...
you did all of this. Hadia not once did you care about your old parent's reputation.
If you say a word against my parents, then none will be worse than me!
There is none worse than you. I feel ashamed calling a characterless girl like you my daughter-in-law.
What are you saying? Why are putting these vile allegations on me? You took me there and then disappeared. I asked everyone...
What? Was I the one who disappeared?
Did I disappear, or did you leave with him?
What nonsense is this?
Take a look at their phones. They must have messages, that will prove that they have been meeting each other in hiding.
We don't have our phones, they have been snatched!
I have evidence, how will you falsify them?
This is not something that just happened. This has been going on since my marriage. I had evidence in my phone, but my phone was snatched.
I tried telling everyone, but no one believed me.
Uncle, he's lying.
I was at work when I received Hadia's message. I left immediately when I went there...
he had already left Hadia there.
It's another one of his ploys. He wants to degrade me in front of you.
Do you think all of this is a ploy?
Then look at this? How will you falsify these pictures?
There is no truth in them.
The truth between you two has been exposed. Before I humiliate you further, accept it!
Hadia...
I care about you, I want to forgive you. I don't care about him. You're my wife, their daughter-in-law, and the honor of this house.
You're about to become the mother to my child. So please, apologize to everyone.
Hadia, apologize to everyone. I want to forgive you, so please ask for forgiveness.
When I didn't do anything, then what should I apologize for?
I feel ashamed of you Faizan!
I feel ashamed even thinking that a liar like you is my husband.
I'm innocent father. I haven't done anything.
I can swear on the Quran that I haven't done anything like this. Father, you know I'm not like this.
All of this is an allegation. That place didn't have any signals and on the way, our car broke down.
Then our phones were snatched... all of this is a lie!
Enough Hadia! How much more will you lie!?
How can so much happen in one night? Even if that is the truth, then how did he reach there? Who told him the address?
I didn't call him. Father, believe me, I didn't call him.
Uncle...
this is all Faizan's doing.
He thinks he'll succeed in his plan, but I won't let him.
Uncle...
He has fallen so low in his hatred for me that he's alleging his wife.
You hate me, right? Then take it out on me. I'll leave this house, but why are you putting allegations on Hadia?
It seems that the thief is scolding the police officer.
Why don't you say anything? Why are you silent?
This is an allegation!
All of this is nonsense!
Enough!
Enough...
I could never think that you could stoop so low.
I, Safdar Kamal...
end my relationship with you people.
Before I lose control...
get out. Get out!
Let's go, mother.
Natasha!
Natasha... Safdar...
I'll bring water for her.
Go away from here! Go!
Natasha! Safdar look at her...
Natasha... Natasha... 
My dear... Natasha... hurry up with that water.
Natasha...
Wow!
This happened how I wanted it to happen. I've achieved what I wanted to!
Sure... all the credit is yours... it's like I didn't do anything.
No... Zohaib, it's not like that. I know how much of a well-wisher you are for me.
And if you hadn't helped me, then maybe I wouldn't have achieved all of this alone.
Obviously.
But you have to admit that I'm lucky.
And, fate has been kind to me. Everything happened as I planned it
Do one thing... call Faizan right now and ask about the situation over there.
Up till now, they must have ousted Hadia, right?
I don't know about Hadia, but Razi must have been ousted by now.
Razi is not my problem, Hadia is.
If you remember, I made a deal with you. I told you that I would have Hadia ousted from there.
And now I want to enter Safdar Kamal's home soon.
I can't tolerate Hadia in that home anymore.
Yeah...
Will you have tea?
No thanks.
Razi... for God's sake, tell me the truth.
My heart is shattered. What is the truth?
You too mother?
You too want the truth?
Don't you trust me?
I trust you... I trust my son!
I believe you and I know that my son can never do something so low.
But, those pictures, those messages, what is all that?
Mother...
Please...
All of this is a lie. Faizan did all of that!
I didn't do anything like that. I'm your son, Razi.
I can never do anything wrong to anyone.
You'll only have to trust me, please.
Mother...
Because mother I...
I don't have anything but the truth to prove my innocence.
You want to know, right? Then hear the truth...
That night, I was at work... I got a message from Hadia's phone... the message read that there was trouble.
I went straight to her since the farmhouse was very far away. The car broke down on our way back.
Then some snatchers took away our phones. I couldn't contact you guys or a mechanic. We were isolated there for the entire night!
I don't want to know who took the pictures, because I only intended to save Hadia.
Faizan has put vile allegations against me.
Her mental state is not stable. I've given her anti-depressant medications...
If that doesn't make any difference, then we'll have to give her injections.
But, that is not a solution. I asked you to treat her properly last time.
She needs complete treatment. If she isn't treated, her condition will get worse.
I'm writing some medicine... please make sure to give it to her on time.
Take a look at these medications.