greetings!
greetings dad! Eid Mubarak
Eid Mubarak to you too!
Eid Mubarak...
Eid Mubarak to you too!
where is Hadia?
She is in the kitchen
dear, go & tell her to serve breakfast. The guests will be here anytime
dad, everything is ready. Do you know, what sister has made?
Kebabs, dates sweets, chaat and what not. And everything is ready
and you haven't made anything?
I.... I've made your favorite minced meat
and its so delicious that you'll be amazed to eat
absolutely correct
where are you going?
give me my eidi
dear, let the guests go back
then I'll see whether minced meat was good or kebab and dates sweets
after that I will give you your eidi
this is not right. It means sister will get more eidi than me
Ok fine, now go to the kitchen & help Hadia
Okay
please sit, let me bring sweet dish for you
hey brother Safder, how are you? Eid Mubarak
Eid Mubarak
Eid Mubarak...
greetings*...  how are you doing?
Eid Mubarak to you too!
thanks to God!
Eid Mubarak brother Safder
Eid Mubarak
brother Safder, you've become eid's moon because we see you on eid only
what to tell you, I've become so busy
don't say this, all of us do business but we meet frequently
you are right
brother Safder, we can't see Faizan. Where is he?
Faizan just went inside after offering prayers
Okay
Ok, my wife must be waiting for me. See you guys later
OK brother Safder, do visit us with your wife'
God willing
Hadia
yes mom?
dear, is everything prepared? the guests must be on their way
yes, everything is ready. I've kept the cutlery in the drawing room
I will send piping hot tea when dad's guests will arrive
very nice! stay blessed, may God keep you always happy
let me go & check everything
where is Faizan & Natasha?
you know they don't wake up early
Sheena, at least wake the up early for today
and what are you wearing?
at least wear some traditional dress for today, what's with you!
its fine, you know I feel so uncomfortable in those clothes
the limit!
ok tell me, would you like to have coffee or cereal? what would you like to have in breakfast?
what do you mean? even today we will have the routine breakfast?
I mean, you haven't prepared any sweet dish?
come on Safder, who eats such a heavy breakfast nowadays?
by the way, those days were different Sheena when we used to go to offer prayers in the mosque & upon coming back the women used to serve us delicious food
all of that tradition is not there anymore
the time has changes but you haven't
and I don't want to change
its a different matter that I've spent my entire life in America, but it doesn't mean that I shall forget my manners & culture
OK leave it, let me do the routine breakfast
please go & wake them up for today
how shall I wake them up & to whom?
you know Natasha doesn't wake up before 12 pm
and Faizan wasn't at home the entire night
what! and you are telling me this right now?
dad, you are eating the sweet dish so quietly. Didn't you like it?
dear, what are you saying? Is it possible that my daughter cooks something & I don't like it
then why you haven't taken more?
dear, if I will keep on eating this sweet dish then who will eat these dates sweets?
and they will get finish by the evening
hmm... don't talk much. Give me the eidi as I've done my breakfast
you've done your breakfast?
your breakfast must be done, but I am still doing
pass me the dates sweets
No, you cannot eat them
why so?
because the way he was praising sister after eating the sweet dish
the same way he will eat dates sweet & say that nobody can make dates sweets like my Hadia
true that, because Hadia cooks very tasty things
but look, don't be upset. We are joking with you
we eat the mince prepared by you, then?
yes but... nobody talks like my Fizza does
dad, today is Eid. And if I got upset today, then you have to bear the consequences of it. So just think
here you go, your eidi
yes dad, give it to her. Otherwise, her fines will keep on increasing
don't worry, I cannot compete your eidi even if I add the fine
bad habit
and dear, this is for you
thank you dad
thank you so much...
what is this happening? what are you doing inside the kitchen?
just a while ago you had breakfast with me. So for whom you are making coffee?
has somebody come?
it must be Shakila's aunt for sure, as she likes coffee so much. Right?
nobody has come, mom. Your greedy relatives will come on lunch
today is Eid's day, anyone can come at any time
oh mom! the coffee will become cold in this argument
Ok tell me who has come for whom you are making coffee
for Faizi
he is sleeping in the guestroom
what! Faizi! Last night Faizi had stayed at our house?
talk slowly mom, he will listen
last night he came with me because of his father
why he came here? tell me!
whom I had brought before him?
today is Eid's day, anyone can come anytime. What will we do?
if Faizi goes out of the house & somebody from the neighborhood saw him then they will gossip around
mom, then say it that he is our relative & he came to meet us on the Eid day
oh my God.. what to do with you? Its very difficult to explain you
mom, you know how important he is for us
he is a millionaire & you are talking like this for him?
Ramsha, I was just saying..
mom listen to me, I know how to handle every situation
don't worry yourself for these trivial matters, nor worry me
and before the time this coffee becomes cold coffee, move!
I was just.. 
hello!
hello!
who is it?
I'm Ramsha speaking, Faizi's friend
where is Faizan?
uncle, he is sleeping. I've been trying to wake him up since so long
what!
what happen? is everything alright?
do you have an idea, that where was your son the entire night?
where?
he had spent the entire night in some stranger woman's house
oh! you got me scared. What's the big deal in it?
it means, its not a big deal for you?
your son spend the entire night in some stranger woman's apartment & its not a big deal for you!
he will come back as soon as he gets up.  Just relax
now I understood
the mothers like you do the wrong upbringing of their children
then we have to see such days
earlier he was wasting the money on his friends, and now on this girl!
dad, we cannot do all those things in order to make you happy that we don't want to do
please leave us alone!
we cannot adjust as per the environment here
we came to Pakistan because you had insisted, what else do you want?
mom, send my breakfast to my room
this is what you call an Eid?
Hadia, everything was so delicious. Everyone was praising it
why not? after all my daughter is so nice
I remember, let me call Safder to say Eid Mubarak
you always remember him
but brother & his wife never thinks about us
it was different when he was in America, but now its been a year that he moved back
and its not difficult for them to come to Hyderabad from Karachi
Khadija, how many times I've told you not to keep any grudge for anyone in your heart
and then you know Safder, how nice person he is
Besides, he had constructed a school here for poor children
there are a lot more rich people, except for him
who didn't bothered to make a small mosque over here
you are right but
nobody is as rich as brother Safder in this area
may God bless him with more
but this is true that which ever thing brother touches, becomes gold
yes, dad was telling me that when he had gone to America 25 years ago. He just had 3 lacs in his pocket
and that too he took a loan from dad
and now he have is own restaurants & plaza in Karachi
dear, all of this is the result of his hard work. He is such a hard working & self made person
and the truth is that he isn't proud at all even though he is a very big businessman
he is still the same
and do you know, as soon as he became independent he returned my loan
what I would have done if he wouldn't have returned it?
dad
yes dear
its Safder uncle's call from Karachi
see, I had told you that he will call
I'm coming
so tell me, how is your wife?
pay my regards to her
I miss your daughters, how are they?
how old they are?
everyone is fine. Hadia has completed her graduation
and the younger one is doing F.Sc in medical
she is saying that she will become a doctor, & will make a hospital where she will treat the patients free of cost
may God give her success
tell her to let me know as soon as she becomes a doctor
this is my promise to her that I will make a hospital for her
what was your elder daughter's name?
Hadia! yes...
 what is she doing after graduation?
she is teaching. Also she helps me to run the school with me, which you had made
may God bless you, you've done such a great job by making that school here
no doubt
all of this is God's blessing, my brother
I serve his humanity because he gave me a chance
I want to build a very big mosque & a hospital too
that's great! it seems as if you will earn paradise in here
actually, it was my deceased father's dream & I want to fulfill it
may God gives you success in your plans
its been so long that you didn't visited us. Why don't you visit us sometime?
oh yes yes! I will definitely come if I will visit Hyderabad
in fact, my children loves to meet you
do you know
often I tell them, whatever I am today & wherever I am standing today
its all because of your uncle after God
because he had helped me a lot in my bad times
Safder, you are making me feel guilty
what the hell is he doing?
what!
Faizi, stop him. He is doing so cheap actions
instead of stopping him, you are doing the same thing
well we are having fun
Faizi, listen to me. Don't bring your friends in our meetings, it disturbs our privacy
they are your friends too, we all are common friends. Right?
I know Faizi, but earlier it was different
now I am your special friend
and I like to spend time with you alone
punch me this time!
stop it!
Faizan, please stop the car
stop it! please stop the car
Mister
yes, tell me
you have broken a signal
So?
I have to give you a fine
who will fine me? Will you
who will fine me?
I'm standing in front of you, so I will fine you
do you know who am I?
it doesn't make any difference
whether you are a Prime Minister's son. Duty is duty
stay in your limits & sit
you stay in your limits & sit in the car, because I am leaving
 you cannot run. Wait!
Faizi!
Sir, all the three samples are in front of you. We just need your approval to upgrade them
Ok fine but..
one minute
yes?
what!
make a call to Wasay
Ok, send me the file. Let me check it
thank you so much!
hello!
yes Wasay listen
go to the police station right away, Faizan is there
and solve this issue now
right now!
audacious
 shameless
stop it! what words you are using for your young son
have you seen the actions of your young son?
is this how a young son is?
my manager got them bailed out from the police station
to him & to his licentious friends too
he has defamed me in the entire city. 
Where are you going? Wait!
take him along
hey! explain him & take him away
otherwise I will push him & oust him from this house. Take him away
shameless!
do you know, I've built this empire by working day & night
but somebody shall take care of it. Such children will handle it? Get out!
look at his actions. Have you seen?
get lost!
go!
don't know how God has punished me with such a disobedient children
oh God please forgive me
Faizan, why don't you leave your licentious friends?
as you know that your father doesn't like them
my father doesn't like it
he had enjoyed his entire young age in America
and now he remembered his religion & country in this age
he wants to be a good muslim & a patriotic person?
tell him that he had brought us here forcefully
Faizan, stop it!
the thing is that I cannot change
accept me whoever I am, and I won't change myself for him
and tell him to stop interfering in my personal matters now
talk slowly, he will listen!
let him listen! I don't care. He should know that he is a very bad father
and he had brought me here forcefully
both of you have made my life a living hell!
I've become fed up of listening to your father's taunt & now the entire family is taunting me for the bad upbringing of both of you
brother Safder had called just now
he is saying that he will come to Hyderabad
his wife will also come?
I didn't ask
maybe she will also come along
his wife never wanted to meet us
brother Safder calls us sometimes
its been a year that he had shifted to Pakistan
by the way, I'm sure that his wife is not happy after migrating here
as per her nature, she cannot live in Pakistan
for sure, the children must be like of her nature
don't know why brother Safder came back
he had a very big business over there, right?
yes, but sometimes a person makes such decision for the sake of their children future
secondly, Safder wants to wed off his kids in his family
he is so much into his culture
he is so patriotic & he wants his children to love their country in the same manner
will he marry his kids here?
yes... I think so
in fact, he had discussed Hadia so many times
what are you saying?
we have a very big class difference
and how will he convince his wife & kids?
our Hadia & his son doesn't have any match
Safder is a very nice person
I don't deny that, he must be
but we don't know anything about his son
our Hadia won't be able to adjust there
you don't know my daughter
she knows how to adjust in all kind of people & environment
my daughter is very patient
Faizan, come with me. I want to talk to you about something important
but I don't want to
come!
I cannot...
save me!
you are on your own
what is it?
my mother wants to meet you
but I don't want to meet her
I'm juts kidding. Why does she want to meet?
for our marriage, what else?
why are you in a hurry to get married?
Faizan, its not me who is in a hurry but she is. She has got so many proposals for me & she is pressurizing me
but I've told her clearly that if I will marry then only Faizan, no one else
Faizan, are you listening to me?
yes
I love you so much & I can't imagine my life without you
I know
and I love you too a lot
a lot!
but the problem is I am not ready for this commitment. Its a very big responsibility
look at me! I am everywhere. Do you think I am ready for marrying?
and you don't know my father
he is such a dangerous man!
you know what is his problem?
 whatever I want
he doesn't want to give that to me
don't know there is something anti. Like this
give me some time, let me convince him. Then we'll see what needs to be done
how much more time do you want?
I can wait for you as long as you say
but please don't make commitment to someone else, except for me
if I didn't get you, then I will die
we are in a party, why are you talking about dying? Have you gone mad? We will get married
live in the present. 
Today is the day, lets have fun
lets dance, we will get married
where are my drinks?
what happen?
where are my drinks?
what happen?
where are the drinks?
Okay come here
who is Ramsha? what is it?
mom is asking about your girlfriend, with whom you are spending a lot of time nowadays
just finish it off. Stop this rubbish!
what? why!
because I don't like her
I've heard a lot about her family, which I don't like
Okay, so what is a good family in your eyes?
well settled? rich? Stylish or modern?
I agree, she isn't that rich. But she is stylish & modern, we look good together. That's it!
one's class doesn't change by wearing modern clothes
I have heard about her mother that she is a single parent
and both the mother daughter duo traps rich guys like you to get money
So?
I don't care if its true
I love her, not her family background. So that's ...
correct!
I was thinking, none of your girlfriend had stayed with you for more than two weeks
and this Ramsha, its been 3 months man! Are you Ok?
do you know, mom is tensed what if you get married to her
I really don't want to have this conversation with you
and relax! I am not marrying, and presently not marrying anyone
its just that we share good chemistry, that's all!
that's why we are tensed, what if your chemistry matches with that girl & you married her
then our family's name will be ruined
family's name!
No, you don't worry. Presently, I am not marrying anyone
the thing is, I don't believe in marriage.. its a life long commitment
I don't trust this institution. What's there in getting married?
I have no idea! How can people spend their life with a single person?
Its insane!
have some shame
he is making fun of a sanctified relation like marriage
do you know, what is its importance in our religion?
don't teach me religion
by opening a charity school in Hyderabad, you think that you are a good muslim?
you are a very religious & pious person? 
I mean...
what you haven't done in your entire life, how do you expect that from both of us that we will do?
and these useless lectures at all times, makes no sense
we were brought up in States, we were born there not in Pakistan. Where kids don't have their will, they will only do everything as per their parents consent
I mean, its not going to happen now
whoever Ramsha is, however she is. I like her
I don't care how her family background is. Or how she was in the past
I don't care!
and genuinely I think our problem is this generational gap
you don't talk, you just order
the society has moved on, but you are still standing there
you think you are modern?
yes?
you are a stain in the name of modernism
this hype in your circle is because of me
if I take a stand then you won't be able to complete your studies too. So what are you proud of?
tell me!
have you seen Mr. Hamdani's family? They have lived in America for their entire life
but his kids are still associated to their culture & identity
and my kids? what to say!
my kids... I feel ashamed while introducing them
this is my house. I'm talking to you!
here! look at me... only I will order here
even we keep respectable pet at home
and its very important to know a girl's family background when we take a proposal to her house
and you are saying that girl, whose reputation is defamed in the entire city
he wants to keep a relation with her? 
What do they think of me?
what shall I do!
have breakfast
at least you have breakfast
there is no tissue on the table
at least keep the tissue
Faizan!
God has blessed with a beautiful & healthy son
congratulations to you!
dad, your grandson is just like you
I will do a very good upbringing of my son
I will make him a pious & good muslim
don't forget your religion & traditions while living in a foreign land
and ensure to pronounce Azaan in your son's ear by some good & pious muslim
and dear, the way you are a good & pious muslim
the same way do the upbringing of your children
don't take Faizi's words so seriously
I cannot see my children following the wrong path
because one day I have to answer my God
he is a kid
he will fix himself once he will get the responsibilities
Sheena, I can tolerate everything but...
I cannot tolerate a girl as my daughter in law, who shall destroy my upcoming generation
he has already said, that he won't marry her
but I don't trust him
and if he did any such thing
then not just me, but I will disinherit from my wealth & properties
you won't so any such thing
don't you remember,  he had called child services in America when you had tried to raise your hand on him
this is why
Sheena, this is the reason I have come here after winding up my everything from that country
so that our children shouldn't forget their culture & identity
do you have an idea, that what injustice you've done to your kids?
those kids were habitual of that environment
they feel suffocated here, in this conservative environment
I've made an arrangement so that they don't feel suffocated
what do you mean?
I mean, I've decided to marry them
what!
yes
and Sheena, I hope that you will support me in this decision
absolutely not! don't even think that I will support you in such kind of decision
first of all you have brought us here forcefully from America after uprooting us. There was a culture shock
and now you want marry them forcefully without their consent & permission
I cannot support you in this decision. Not at all!
I'm their father
I know what's good or bad for them better than you
this is better for them
listen!
I will go to my sister's house tomorrow
all of a sudden, why are you discussing your sister?
why?
she is my elder sister, she has got complete right on me
I couldn't visit her since I came here. In fact, you also come along, as its important for you to come with me
not just there, but we will visit brother Aleem's house as well
its fine to visit your sister's house
but brother Aleem? His status doesn't match ours
the status that you are talking about, its maintained because of him
if he wouldn't have helped us in our bad times, then today we would have been facing bad times
and you are also forgetting that you've returned his favor to him doubled
Sheena, why do you...
the limit!