Come in.
Uncle, did you look at this audit report? Fifty to sixty lacs are missing from the Islamabad branch.
Sit down.
I was worried about this as well...
My business is being drained for millions...
I know who's doing this and why this is happening.
Faizan has crossed his limits and Shina is responsible for that.
Her love is making me endure this today...
I don't understand a thing. The only thing I can do is monitor the branches in Lahore and Islamabad myself.
He has crossed all limits.
Uncle, please be strong. Don't worry.
I'll inquire about this with the audit team.
As far as Faizan is concerned.
He's not at home, so how can he come to work?
What do you mean?
Maybe you don't know this, but he doesn't stay at home for long.
He's stays out all night
I saw him returning home in the morning.
Uncle, I'm really sorry, I didn't want to complain about him to you...
I can't tolerate it anymore.
Hadia didn't discuss this with me.
I cannot convince Faizan to come to the office.
You'll have to do that yourself.
I have a request uncle...
After the vile accusations that Faizan put on me, my self-respect doesn't allow me to continue working with him.
Please separate me and Faizan.
Thank you.
I was saddened...
to hear about your daughter?
What can I say Khadija, that's how daughters are...
They don't want to cause their parents pain by telling them their pain.
I can understand.
But she could have shared her pain with you.
She told me about it indirectly.
I was the one who couldn't understand. It's our fault, we always taught our daughters...
that in-laws are everything. We taught them to stay silent and not answer back.
Silence is the cure for everything we said. And we always asked her to be patient.
That is what encouraged them and for my daughter's patience...
We can only pray for her.
May God save parents from the pain their children endure
Amen.
Have your tea.
I don't understand what's going on with the accounts.
Uncle don't worry. Whatever it is, it will open up before us very soon.
That is true Razi but... Where are you coming from?
What is going on?
I don't see you at work or at home. I've not been seeing you at breakfast for two days as well. What's going on?
I was with a friend.
Friend, or girlfriend?
Father...
I understand everything. It's not possible for you to deceive me so easily.
Who's deceiving whom, only time will tell you that.
But you don't trust me, so it would be better if I stay silent.
What was so urgent that you had to stay out all night, last night?
This is the first time that I've stayed out. I don't do this every day.
Faizan if this is a girl, then end your friendship with her.
Is this the same girl you had an affair with?
There is no one in my life other than Hadia. Razi lied to defame me in front of you.
Stop it. I know everything, You are my son, is this the same girl who took two crores rupees from your father to leave me?
She needed the money, you offered her and she took it.
This tells me that you are still in contact with her and you must meet her as well.
Even after having a wife like Hadia, you're involved with that greedy woman. What are you doing Faizan?
I apologized to Hadia because of you. Should I breathe according to you as well?
No! Listen to me...if you try contacting her again, you will not forget what I'll do to you.
It was my mistake that I married a girl like Hadia to you. The truth is that...
you're not worthy of Hadia. I don't have anything to say to you, begone!
I'm not worthy of Hadia?
I'm not worthy of Hadia...
Greetings, how are you? What's going on?
I've been studying since last night for my exams and making notes.
That means that you must be very tired. Not so much that I can't talk to you.
That's very good. That means you've reached the place you wanted to reach.
Almost, in a few months, you'll become my bride and come to my home.
What will happen to my studies then?
You can complete that here.
Really?
Of-course...
After our marriage, I will change your routine.
What do you mean?
Meaning, how will you give time between university and all the other things that you do?
You will need to give me time as well.
Why not? Sure I will.
Tell me, did you have lunch?
I didn't find the time to do that...
That's no excuse
Between work and university, you don't care about your diet at all. Eat something right now, otherwise, I'll get upset with you.
Alright, I'm going. Why don't you come as well, we'll have lunch together.
Right now?
No, not now. I'm at my sister's home. Father's not here to permit me.
So what? Come here with your sister...
I can think about this offer of yours, but not today. Have lunch and we can talk some other time.
Farewell.
Where were you all night, last night?
Are the people here only to inquire about me? Father stops and you begin.
I'm not inquiring, I'm just asking.
You don't seem well to me.
Enough Hadia...
Why are you asking? Why do you even care?
Who will care if not me?
You don't even know how much I love you.
Forget everything that happened.
Hadia, don't expect me...
to say emotional dialogues and lie to you.
You know what?
No matter how I am, my heart is clear.
That's good.
I don't want you to say something that's not in your heart.
How do you do all this? How do you show this false love? I can't do this.
Even after staying so near you, I was unable to recognize you.
This is not false love.
If you still suspect something...
I'm not suspicious...
I'm sure.
Your son has tied my hands. I don't understand how, after having a loving wife like Hadia...
I don't understand how he got into having affairs.
Hadia is at fault as well.
She couldn't become as good a wife as you expected her to be.
The nerve of you.
Your hatred for her hasn't lessened. Stop hating her.
Every truthful thing I say is wrong.
You know...
I chose Hadia very carefully. I was sure that she would change Faizan.
But it was unsuccessful because she didn't try.
No...
We lacked in educating him properly.
Before blaming her, we should take a good look at ourselves.
As parents the mistakes we've made...
How can we hand a girl, who just came here, the responsibility of handling our wayward son?
My son is not bad as you think he is.
Tell me, why did you hire Razi to spy on Faizan?
Do you know how angry Faizan will get when he learns of this?
Razi and Faizan do not like each other. Razi can do anything to degrade Faizan and become a hero in your eyes.
He can even put false allegations about my son.
That is wrong.
I know Razi very well, he's not like that at all. As far as your son Faizan is concerned...
then he has an old habit of being friends with girls.
No matter who this girl is, I will find out about it.
Really... what will you gain by finding out? Will you give her money to leave him, like you do every time?
How many girls will you pay off?
I will do everything to keep people like that away from him.
Faizan is naive and foolish like his sister, Natasha. Girls like that first become friends, and they try to marry.
What will we do if he marries someone and brings them here.
He's not a fool who will just marry any girl and bring her here.
Really! Do you think your son is very smart?
You are misunderstood.
What is the matter Khadija? Are you here because you couldn't sleep?
No... I woke up...
I was thinking about our children.
What are you worried about? Tell me...
Nothing...
Look, my vision isn't that weak that I can't see the tears in your eyes.
What happened? Tell me.
I was just worried.
Ever since sister Shabnam told me about her daughter, I've been worried for Hadia.
Look... why are you worried about something that someone else said?
I admit that what happened to their daughter was very wrong.
I'm sad about that as well.
But it's not necessary that happens to our daughter as well.
Should I call Hadia?
What are you saying?
It's not appropriate to call anyone at this hour. Even if it's your daughter.
As far as Hadia is concerned, she will sort out her problems.
Besides... it's not good to involve oneself in the matters of a married couple.
I don't want anything that we say...
to cause a problem in her household matters.
Look...
I admit that after the wedding Faizan's attitude towards Hadia was not good.
He's getting better, believe me.
Sometimes parents must understand unsaid things that their children try to say.
The silence of parents make their daughters weak.
If it were something like that then Fizza would have told me.
Did she call you?
If she didn't call you then why are you worried?
Stop worrying and come back to sleep.
Go ahead, I'll be right there.
Faizan, I've ironed your shirt.
Did I ask you to do that?
It's such a boring color, take it away.
I'll iron a different one, it will only take a few minutes.
Enough Hadia.
What is the matter Faizan? I'm only doing this because it's your first day at work.
Yes... you want that... you want me to go to work, so that you may have more freedom.
Faizan, what's wrong with you?
I'm trying so hard for things to get better between us...
But I don't understand your upset attitude.
When have you ever understood me?
You never even tried to understand me.
When you come in front of me, I remember that night...
When you and him...
Enough Faizan! It seems that I've been stuck in quicksand!
Do you think this house is quicksand?
Not this house, but our relationship.
It is shattering because of you. I don't know why there is much poison in you, for me.
I don't have time to hear these useless things. Don't come in front of me.
You must have understood the rest of the details. Razi is here and he will give you the rest of the details.
Good morning*
I don't think it's necessary for me to brief you more on this.
Yes sir.
Excuse me.
Sit down...
Why did you come here?
I'll come here daily and I promise that I won't disappoint you.
Faizan... there are some rules in this office. Rules that even I follow.
It's good that you've realized your mistake and that you want to come here.
Like all workers, you need to be punctual. I'll have you instated in the accounts department with Mr. Zafar...
I hope you won't disappoint me.
I promise I won't.
Call Mr. Zafar...
I'm glad I've gotten the opportunity to work in the accounts department with you. I'm sure we will take this company to heights it has never seen before.
Thank you so much, Mr. Faizan. But I won't be able to help you like I have in the past.
The reason is that Mr. Safdar is handling all the accounting matters directly.
And the fraud we two committed for the amount of fifty lacs, Mr. Safdar and Razi are investigating that.
Don't worry about that. The amount was in cash and it can't be traced.
That's good, but I won't be able to do anything like that again.
What are you saying? I just need a small favor.
What is that?
I want to oust Razi from here
How can I do that?
Only you can do that. Do something, make a fraudulent case on him.
It's not possible to make a case of fraud on him because Mr. Razi's accounts are clear.
He keeps tabs on all his expenses, even the minor ones. So it's impossible to make a case against him.
Alright, let's think of something else then.
Because I can't tolerate him anymore. Not in this office or at home.
Should I come in?
Sure... you don't need to ask.
Did you pack for everything?
Yes.
Time passed so quickly.
I don't want you to go.
Really? I'll stay here for a few more days.
No... you have already spend a lot of time away from studying. Go to your hostel and study hard.
Sure... if it weren't for the assignment, I would have stayed for two more days.
At least I could have taken you to the doctor for a check up.
Why are you worrying?
Faizan is here. I'll go with him when he comes back from work.
Will brother Faizan go with you?
Yes, why not? He might be upset at me, but he's concerned about his child.
I hope your misunderstanding comes true.
Anyways... you have to take good care of yourself. You will eat on time and don't stress about anything.
Fizza, you've started talking like mother.
Mother asked me to tell you all this.
Alright... that's why. Mother...
I'll ask the driver to bring the car around.
Go ahead, I'll follow you.
Did you eat?
Yes I did.
Shina, Faizan's routine will get better if God is willing.
Otherwise, he used to sleep all day and spend all night outside.
Take care that Faizan doesn't leave home after eleven at night.
I'm not worried about Faizan, but I am worried for Natasha.
It's been three months in his divorce. In a few days her waiting period will end.
I just want us to find a good match for her and get her married.
I'm worried for her as well.
There is no moment that I'm unaware of her.
Our daughter is naive. I don't want her to take a wrong decision again.
Because, she doesn't recognize how people are.
Tell her that we won't allow her to make such a decision. Whatever it will be, we will decide it.
That can't be Safdar. She's young..
She can do what she wants. We can't force her.
The way you enforced your decision on her last time...
you were at fault for what she did as well.
Mother, please...
Don't blame father for the mistakes I made.
He was thinking the best for me. I was the one who wronged myself and all of us.
Father...
Father, I wanted to apologize to you...
You don't know how ashamed I am.
I can't look at myself in the eyes, or you.
Please forgive me.
No my dear, it's not like that. It's enough for me that you realize that. Bless you.
You know what... you're the best dad in this world.
I promise you... I will never disappoint you again.
And also... I overheard you two talking. I will marry whomever you ask me to... otherwise, I won't marry.
Bless you, my dear. May God always give you happiness.
You never understood me... you didn't even try to understand...
When you come in front of me, I remember that night. You and him...
Are you here alone? Where is your husband?
He lives out of the city, because of business.
Bring him here next time. The first trimester is about to end.
You need to be more careful now. There is no need to worry your reports are normal.
But your blood pressure is high. I'll write you medicine for that...
Other than that there is no problem.
Faizan going to work is a good sign. What's the problem with that?
He's started staying very busy. He doesn't give me enough time as it is and he meets me in secret, like a thief.
But he uses work as an excuse to disappear for days.
Since when you've been interested in Faizan, It was his money...
I thought you were interested in it.
Whatever it may be, he's my husband and I can't let him be away from me.
Meaning, you don't want to lose Faizan or his wealth.
This was not part of your plan Ramsha.
But now it is.
Whatever it may be, I don't want to lose Faizan at any cost.
I want to have the status and respect in Faizan's house which I worked hard to get all my life.
I've yearned for it all my life. Being Safdar Kamal's daughter-in-law...
I want all the luxuries that Hadia is enjoying. And you'll see...
that time isn't far away when I'll remove Hadia from Faizan's life.
And you will help me do all this.
Sure, I'll help you and how's that?
Find out about Razi...
Reach him some way, he's the only person who can help us remove Hadia from Faizan's life.
No... that can't be.
Why not? Come on Zohaib...
After all, you are Faizan's best friend. If you don't help me out, who will?
This cannot happen, Razi is an honorable man. He is loyal to his uncle and he owes his uncle a lot.
If he were that loyal, he wouldn't be having an affair with Hadia.
What?!
No way! And even if he was having an affair with Hadia, he would never have the nerve to try and get her.
No... you must find another way where you can degrade Hadia in front of Faizan and his father.
That's why I want. But I need your help. I need your help.
I'll think of something...
Is that Hadia?
What a pleasant surprise!
What are you doing here alone?
I'm waiting for the driver. I was here for a check-up.
That's Razi. The same guy we were just talking about.
Wow! So this is Razi... that means...
they really are having an affair.
See, I told you so...
You should have come here with Faizan.
He had an important meeting, that's why I didn't disturb him.
If he wasn't available, then you could have come with Fizza.
And you could have asked Fizza to stay with you for a few days.
I'll drop you off.
It truly is amazing what happened today. The evidence that you needed...
walked itself to you. It's your lucky day.
No Zohaib...
These pictures and videos are not proof enough. We need solid proof to remove Hadia from Faizan's life.
You'll find some way to do that as well.
Call Faizan and show him that video...
Show him these videos... end of discussion. No power on earth can take Faizan away from you now.
Why don't you understand? All of this is not that easy. Hadia is about to become the mother to Faizan's child.
He won't leave her so easily.
Hadia and Razi. That's not a problem, you can give him a child as well.
Can't believe that Hadia and Razi are having an affair.
Fiza must not know this.