What are you thinking?
Why are you putting henna on me right now? 
We could do it at night.
I'll put it again, it'll give you more color. 
I don't know what sort of henna we get these days. There's no color.
You're worried aren't you?
You feel as if I'd run away.
Had this been, I wouldn't have sent you to the salon with Fizza.
I would have taken you myself.
I trust you my dear.
How will I live there? He stays in the same house.
If your character is strong,
nothing is difficult.
But I will definitely ask him. Why did he do this to me?
No dear.
Not at all. If you do this, it will raise questions on your character.
Your upbringing will be questioned.
Hello?
Faizi, its been a mess. Ramsha has attempted suicide.
What?
You would never agree but she really loves you.
She cannot live without you. Her mother called.
From Dubai. She is in critical condition.
Why? Why?!
What happened Faizan? What are you doing? Who attempted suicide?
Why did you stop the car? What happened?
Razi get off the car.
What happened Faizan?
Get off the car.
Faizan?
Razi get off the car please.
How could you?! How could you!
Whats wrong Razi? Its been so late, where are you people?
Uncle, Faizan went to a friend of his.
Which friend?
I don't know someone named Zohaib.
He was talking on the phone and I heard one of his friends attempted suicide.
What?
Suicide attempt.
Uncle I don't know but I think aunt would know. Please ask her.
Yes I'll ask her.
Okay. Bye.
Sheena? Sheena?
Yes.
It happened. Whatever I was afraid of.
What do you mean? What are you saying?
Your son has run away from the wedding.
What are you saying? I don't understand. At least tell me what has happened?
Faizan told me that he'll not marry that girl at any cost. He's sitting right next to me.
He's tired trying to call you.
But don't answer him yet. I told him that you're in the ICU. He's really worried for you.
That's great Zohaib. Thank you so much. Listen, I'm coming to Pakistan on the first available flight.
No don't. I told Faizi you're in a critical condition. If you come right away, Faizi will be in doubt.
You will have to be very careful in this game. Wait for my next message.
Your phone is ringing. Its Razi. Answer it. It must be something important.
Yes tell me what is it?
Where are you Faizan?
What does it matter, why did you call?
Do you even realize how much uncle is worried for you?
So what is it to you? He's my dad.
Don't be nonsensical Faizan.
Wherever you are, come back fast. Everybody is waiting for you.
I'm not coming. I will not come home, do whatever you want to do.
Do you even realize you're getting married today.
What wedding are you talking about? I'll not get married. Tell dad, I'm not getting married.
Have you lost your mind?
Yes I have. What will you do? I will not get married. I will not marry the girl he chose.
 Its because of him Ramsha is fighting for her life in the hospital.
Whoever that girl is Faizan, why didn't you take a stand earlier? 
Neither would that girl try to commit suicide nor would your to-be bride's life be destroyed. 
Listen to me Faizan.
See Faizan, if you don't want to get married, come and talk to your father so that he'll talk to Aleem uncle.
Its the matter of someone's respect. A girl's life will be destroyed. 
I'm asking you to come back in half an hour or...
Or what? What can you or anybody else do?
Was he calling you?
Faizi don't listen to him. He's manipulating you because of your father.
He's right. I should go. I should talk to dad. Its enough now.
And if your dad convinces you again, will you get married then?
No way.
If he hadn't done this thing about the money. Had he not paid Ramsha to leave, I might have listened to him but not anymore.
Not now. I'm being stubborn now. I'll see how he gets me married now.
Didn't you tell Aleem that I didn't want this trash furniture. 
Wasn't it enough that his daughter was coming here that he sent all this trash along?
I don't have enough space in the storeroom. Where will I keep all this?
What happened?
Nothing.
Is everything alright.
Yes, everything is alright. I'm just a little upset thinking my daughter will leave today.
Are you hiding something from me? 
You do know I'm not satisfied with this relationship at all.
He is not right for our Hadia.
Khadijah push out these doubts from your heart.
But you..
No ifs or buts now. Get ready. Its getting late. 
The wedding procession will be here any moment.
For God's sake, can someone tell me where Zohaib lives? Please.
Call him. Maybe he'll answer.
I've been calling him for a while now but he isn't answering.
Let him come home. What does he think of himself?
I've been telling you Faizan is against this marriage but you want to force him.
You should be quiet.
Why? Because I'm telling the truth?
Uncle, aunt is right.
 If Faizan loved someone else, you should have gotten him married to her. 
Why are you destroying someone else's life?
Yes Safdar, they're right. We cannot force someone to get married. God forbid, what if he says no,
how will brother Aleem show his face to everyone? He'll be insulted.
Dad, I think we're just wasting our time arguing.
 Instead of calling Faizi we should call them and tell them we're not coming.
This cannot be. We will go, listen to that. I'm going to find him myself.
Where were you? Where were you? 
We've been looking for you since forever. Where were you?
Faizan what have you done to yourself?
We're asking you. Answer us!
You are a cheat. 
You cheated me and Ramsha. 
She's critical because of you. She's suffering.
This means, you're still in touch.
I'm sorry.
But I will not get married. Do whatever you want to do.
Are you still in contact with that girl?
Yes I am.
Just shut up!
How dare you raise your voice in front of me. 
Get out of my house right now. Razi call the lawyer. I'll cut him off right now.
Safdar control yourself, you're angry right now.
How dare he answer me back?! How dare he? Why aren't you calling? Call right now.
I'll not be scared of your threats. Do you know what? You're a terrible father.
This wedding will not happen and this is my final decision.
Safdar. Get some water. Hurry up. Safdar, be strong.
Safdar be strong. Everything will be alright. Hurry up!
What face will I show to brother Aleem? 
He hasn't left me able to show face anywhere.
I will not get married. No matter what.
Rather than calling Faizi we should call them that we're not coming.
Hello?
How are you?
Why did you call me?
I had a relationship with you and that relation forced me to call you.
That relation was very temporary and worthless. I have forgotten it. You should too.
You won't believe.
That I have not been able to forget you even for a single moment.
Even though you deceived me.
You talked to me all day and made me realize that maybe you liked me.
What was all that?
Was that okay?
You're the one who deceived me. Not me.
What do you mean?
What are you saying?
I don't want to argue about it. Also you're forgetting I'm marrying your cousin today.
What if this doesn't happen?
What do you mean?
I mean, what if fate wants us to be together?
What if it wants to provide us a chance to be together?
This cannot happen.
This can happen Hadia.
Nobody knows whats in our fate.
There is a lot of power in true love 
and my love and emotions for you were honest.
And its some other thing that you only passed your time with me.
Enough. You're crossing your limits.
I will not allow you to insult me anymore.
Brother..
Brother, uncle is calling you. Come fast.
Uncle please be strong. You'll fall sick.
What does he think of himself?
Safdar you need to be strong.
The wedding procession is ready and he says no to the wedding. He doesn't know me.
I will throw him out. What will he do?
You guys also decided without thinking things through.
You didn't even take his consent. Did you see how this forced relationship turned out?
His consent?
You don't know about his friendships at all. 
What if he had befriended a random girl and brought him home as his wife?
That's fine but now think what should we do?
You know Aleem is my dear old friend.
He has always supported me more than he could afford. Is it less that,
he gave his eligible daughter to my son?
How will it affect him if I say no to this wedding at the last moment? What will he think?
Even though his wife didn't support the proposal
What should I do?
What can we do now? Think about something.
What will we do now?
I don't understand what should we do?
Sister.
Razi is like my son.
If you think its alright, we'll get Razi married to Aleem's daughter.
What.. What are you saying Safdar?
You might not believe this.
I hadn't been able to forget you for even a single second.
This means, what if fate wants us to be together?
What if fate wants us to be together and is giving us an opportunity? True love is very powerful.
My love and emotions for you were absolutely real.
What did you think and say no at the last minute? What if your dad actually throws you out?
He will do nothing. He's just blackmailing me. And I don't care whether he throws me out.
You've lost your mind. You don't know your father's anger.
But you don't know that Ramsha is in the ICU because of him.
I am his son. I'll do whatever he does to me, with him.
Why are you behaving as if you'd die without that girl? 
You don't even care about your dad's respect.
And whatever he did. Was it right?
Its because of him I was insulted in front of all my friends. 
I made a commitment to Ramsha, what about that?
Are you taking revenge from your father?
Yes. Think if you want to think that.
This way he will not be able to enforce his decision on me.
Mom, dad is getting Razi married instead of Faizi.
See, you took your dad's anger lightly.
Do you know how fast he is to decide things? He isn't blackmailing you.
He will definitely do that. Right now its the question of his dear friend and his own respect.
And if Razi supports him and keeps his respect intact.
Do you even realize, how much he will respect Razi and how much he'll value all of them?
He will give that penniless Razi all his wealth.
Please for God's sake Faizan. Listen to me and understand me.
Right now don't take any rash decision because you're angry. Try and understand.
This color suits you very well. You look beautiful.
Our daughter is so pretty. All colors suit her.
This is true.
She looks very pretty as a bride. Isn't it?
You really know how to talk. I'm thinking we should tell your dad that Hadia will leave now,
We should think about getting you married as well.
Mom, what is wrong with you?
She isn't married yet and you're talking about getting me married.
As it is, I'll not leave you and dad so easily. Hadia, tell mom and dad that I want to study.
I'll be a big doctor and no wedding until then.
Alright doctor.
The color looks good and the makeup is good as well.
Yes.
The crossroads you've reached because of your son, I can realize that.
After Razi's father passed, you never let him feel he didn't have a father.
And I'll never forgo this. But Safdar,
don't put my son through this test.
I cannot do this. Please forgive me.
Lets go Safdar. We'll take the wedding procession. They'll be waiting for us.
I'm ready. Lets go.
Think and decide. I don't want you to take this decision because you know I'll through you out.
And what if you say no later. I will not tolerate it.
I'll stand by my decision. Don't worry.
Both of you get ready as well. I don't want any more problems. Come on we're already late. Come out. I'm waiting.
Hadia?
Dear I, wanted to talk to you about something.
See you're getting married today and going to your house. You'll start your married life.
Dear, to make life successful, both husband and wife have to try but its good if a girl tries and compromise. Its good that way.
Dear, keep one thing in mind.
Think of your husband as your pride, your trust and your peace.
And try that he doesn't have any complaints from you.
See, God has given women a lot of abilities.
A woman can change the atmosphere anywhere and adapt to any atmosphere.
Everything is now depending on you, what you want.
I know that Safdar's house and their ways are different than ours.
And I know that the initial days will be difficult for you.
But I believe that you will be able to make room for yourself in their hearts with your softness and warmth.
And even if there is any problem you'll be able to solve it with your cool mind.
Dear, whatever is going on in your mind right now, if you have any questions, 
just take them out 
and hope for the best. 
God has planned the best for you.
Do you understand what I'm saying dear? 
May God keep you happy and blessed my child.
Its very late Safdar. Ask brother Aleem to bring the bride and get done with everything.
Whats wrong Sheena?
Its your son's wedding. 
We will sign the marriage contract and then there will be a photo session.
 It'll take time. Whats wrong?
I'm in a hurry I cannot stay in this chaos for long. It irritates me.
I'm feeling the same. Its very chaotic.
At least shut these drums. They're giving me a headache. The welcome is done. Whats the need now?
Its a wedding event and that's synonymous with happiness. 
Whats wrong with your people? 
At least let me have peace here. 
Now fix your mood everyone.