I wanted to assure you that I never flirted with you.
I never expressed false emotions to you.
Everything I said wasn't a lie.
We can't change what happened.
Now I think that a misunderstanding has developed between us.
Maybe you thought that I was uncle Safdar's son, right?
It never occurred to me that uncle Safdar would ask your hand in marriage for Faizan.
Anyways, when I heard this...
I was very hurt and I was shocked as well.
I was sure that...
a sensitive and sensible girl could never choose a man like Faizan.
That's why I was suspicious...
I'm sure that there was some misunderstanding between us. 
I thought you got greedy seeing all the wealth...
I was upset at you...
I won't lie to you.
That's why...
Anyways...
We can't change what happened.
Today I respect you even more.
I feel envious of Faizan's luck.
Love at first sight...
I didn't believe it before...
Ever since I met you...
I started to believe it.
Anyways...
We can't change what happened.
It seems that our relationship was only to a certain degree.
Maybe it's our fate to live in one house.
But Hadia...
I wanted to request something...
From now on, please trust me...
I will never become a cause for worry for you.
I promise that if you ever need me with any difficulty...
you can please call me, without hesitating.
I'll be there to help you.
You...
You are a good man.
There is no doubt about that.
But now...
I don't need your sympathies and your help.
Remove...
all feeling that you have for me...
I...
I have removed them as well.
Hadia...
Mother... father, I think sister is here.
Khadija hurry up.
Sure, I'm coming.
Our son-in-law is here, let's go and welcome him.
Greetings*
Greeting* How are you, my dear?
I'm well, how are you?
Greetings*
How are you, son? It's been a while since I met you.
Faizan had to go to an important meeting. There was no driver at home...
So, uncle asked me to drop her off.
That's alright. You're family as well.
This way I got to meet you.
Thank you so much. I should leave now.
Where are you going? Lunch is ready and I won't let you leave without eating.
Uncle... I have something important to take care of, 
I didn't want to come here, but my uncle asked me to come here to drop Hadia off.
Don't call her Hadia, call her your sister-in-law. She's your sister-in-law now.
It doesn't seem nice. Don't be so formal, wash up, until then I'll serve lunch.
Come, my dear. Come on.
Come, son.
Did you face any trouble on the way here?
You came here such a long way, with that man, alone. Are you insane?
Mother, Faizan was busy...
So you shouldn't have come. You didn't need to come here.
Uncle Safdar sent me here with him. There was no driver available as well.
He might have said that, but you should have used your head. He was just getting rid of the problem.
You should have had some sense.
What if something had happened? I would have asked your father to pick you up.
Mother, enough.
What's the matter with you? Don't you trust my sister?
It's not about trust.
There is a lot of difference in life, before and after marriage. A girl must be very cautious of her in-laws.
I trust you, but not in the world.
Alright, don't worry, please.
I'm not worried.
I'm afraid.
What if someone tells people about you and Razi?
Who would do that?
Razi himself can tell.
No, he won't. He is not like that.
He isn't like how we thought him to be.
Rather, all of my misunderstandings have drifted away.
Stop praising him.
No man is worthy of trust, especially a man who has endured a loss.
Mother, I'm not the only one praising him. Uncle Safdar praises him as well. 
He has also handed his entire business to Razi.
He thinks he's more capable than Faizan. He trusts him a lot.
I'm your mother...
I raised you. My hair didn't gray in the sun. I know the ups and downs of life
Don't take what I say lightly.
Alright, don't worry. I'll be careful from now on.
You didn't do right by sending Hadia with Razi.
What's so wrong with it?
He's Faizan's brother.
He's Faizan's brother, but he isn't Hadia's brother.
For God's sake Shina...
What kind of thing is that to say?
Safdar, you don't know how these men from little cities are...
They live their entire lives in suffocation. They lose all control at the very sight of any independence.
It was not so important for her to meet her parents.
 If we fulfill her every whim and fancy, she'll run circles around us!
Hadia, will not forget her place.
Do one thing.
Take Hadia with you. Groom her and take her out shopping.
I want my daughter-in-law...
to stand out.
Of course, don't worry.
I'll need some money of course.
Son, I like these people.
They are good.
What do you think?
Uncle, my feelings are the same.
Apart from that, they also happily accepted the time we asked of them.
Tell me, did anything seem strange to you about them?
No, uncle, they seemed good people to me. I didn't feel anything like that from him.
If it were anything like that, I would have shared it with you.
Look, uncle...
Fizza is like my sister.
Don't worry, take this decision in God's name.
Thank you, son. It makes me happy to hear that from you. I feel more at peace now.
Thank you so much.
The only thing is that...
If Faizan could have come...
I can understand sir, don't worry... from next time he'll be present whenever you need him to be.
He had to go somewhere urgently...
Yes son, I know.
I'm running late uncle...
could please call her...
Yes, it is getting late.
Hadia... my dear. Hurry up my dear, it's getting late.
These girls, never stop talking.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Okay uncle, farewell.
You look more interested in your phone than in me.
Will you do that in the future as well?
What do you mean in the future?
I'm talking about after our marriage. You'll marry me, right?
Are you in your senses?
What did I say... in fact...
I love you.
I wanted to say that to you multiple times but...
you never seem to appreciate me.
Are you making fun of me?
No, but... I don't think of you in that way...
That's not a big deal...
You might think that I'm a middle-class guy...
You think I'm lacking somewhere and there is something that is lacking in me...
I'm alone, I don't have a family, maybe that's why you think I'm not reliable.
Because of that, I'm hesitating to talk to your father.
It's good that you hesitated because you should have talked to me first.
I'm talking to you right now.
Look, we're just friends and I don't want to think about anything more than that about you.
Look, Natasha, you are being hasty.
Think about it calmly, then make a decision.
Sherry please, I don't want to talk about this topic.
Natasha...
If you don't mind, could you drop me at home? My car broke down today.
Let's go.
I was sure...
that a sensitive and sensible girl could never choose a man like Faizan
I suspected...
that there was some misunderstanding between us.
I felt as though you said yes in greed for wealth, as most girls do.
If you have prayed, we're going out.
Where?
Shopping
Shopping?
Father said that I should take you out shopping for your sister's engagement.
But, isn't it late?
This is Karachi, the city doesn't sleep at night.
 I'm changing, you should do. We'll leave in a little while.
This is the one...
You live here...
But didn't I drop you off at a flat?
No... that's my friend Basit's flat. When I'm bored I go there.
This is my real house.
You live alone in this big house.
Yes, because I have no one.
What is the matter?
Why are you so shocked seeing that house?
Maybe you thought I was just an ordinary guy, right?
It's not your fault. I don't have any such official activity
You thought that I useless guy.
But Natasha if I were really like that...
then I would never have dared to propose to you.
You're surprised because I don't have any official business.
My father has two major plazas in this city.
And he left a small business behind for me. 
I have a big rest house in Murree, for which I receive a few shares
We have two cars, I think this wealth is enough for me.
It will be enough for my wife as well.
Won't you come inside?
No, I have to go.
Okay...
See you bye.
We'll visit a stylist tomorrow.
Why?
To get a great haircut.
I don't need a haircut.
You do.
I don't like this hair on you.
But, I like it this way.
I just told you that I don't like your hair. 
Being my wife you should be stylish. Change your wardrobe and your hairstyle.
And... as my wife, you should listen to me and be aware of what I like, and what I don't.
Yes but, I won't feel comfortable.
And... I will never cut my hair.
I heard that Pakistani wives listen to everything that their husbands tell them, but you...
just say no every time.
Yes, mom?
Faizan where have you been for so long with Hadia?
You say the strangest things. 
You never asked me that when I was with my girlfriends. But now that I'm with my wife...
Father gave me money to shop, so I'm here to do that.
Buy her something cheap.
For her, that will be enough.
I want her to look stylish with me, so I'll buy her good clothes.
Whatever it may be, hurry on back.
Okay...
Shall we go somewhere else, they don't have my type of dresses.
But they do have a dress according to my type.
How does this look?
Doesn't it look nice? Let's go and look inside. Come in.
You look beautiful.
Why didn't you buy the dress I bought you?
I told you that I don't wear such clothes, please...
don't ever ask me to wear such clothes again.
Okay.
I won't.
Natasha, why aren't you ready yet?
Because I don't want to go.
What if your father asks?
What if I ask him why he did all of this to me, then what?
Natasha, you are giving me a headache arguing over this!
Yeah, right! You think this is nonsense as well...
A man who was about to marry me is getting married to them and father is hosting their engagement in my home.
Very good, I have no value in this house.
You know very well why your father...
arranged the engagement party here, he doesn't want to hurt you.
I'm sure that's right... whatever! Please go.
Go and have fun at the engagement party.
Natasha look at me!
You're getting ready in five minutes and coming downstairs. I don't want to hear any arguments.
I'm not going anywhere, and you can leave
Are you happy now? Go and offer your family something sweet.
Tomorrow morning is Nisar's flight. 
You have made it much easier for us by accepting our wishes.
I am thankful to both of you.
What's the matter with you?
It's not a big deal.
It is Safdar.
It was our wish that when Nisar leaves, he should be married or engaged.
There wasn't much time if you and brother Aleem hadn't cooperated then...
Whatever happened was because of Safdar.
If they hadn't taken the initiative, this would have happened. To tell you the truth...
when I heard you, I was a little worried.
You two are embarrassing me...
As far as our daughters are concerned, they are all the same to me. 
I didn't do any favors to anyone.
Brother, do you remember your promise...
We can't send Fizza away before three years. Fizza needs to complete her education.
Don't worry about it. Their studies take priority. 
Don't worry, Nisar needs time to complete his specialization as well.
By God's good grace, they were such good people. 
If only Hadia had gotten a great family like them.
Khadija, surely they are great people. But don't complain all the time.
I'm not complaining but you know...
Sister Shina's behavior is growing worse. 
I admit that she doesn't like us visiting them...
but at least they should treat Hadia well. She's a diamond.
May God...
give all happiness in the world to our daughter.
Safdar is a good man, that's why I married my daughter into his home.
I know that he will always keep her happy and he will not allow anything bad to happen to her.
He's the one who found this suitor for Fizza.
You were just praising him a while ago.
Yes...
Of course, anytime... you're most welcome.
Really... why don't you come in the evening today. It's your home.
Alright, I'll be waiting. Farewell.
Is it a diamond?
It can only be a diamond. His fiance is a rich man, doing his doctorate in the US
They are diamond people.
You are very lucky to get married into such a rich family.
Enough... why are you constantly mentioning their wealth.
My parents didn't fix this marriage because they are rich...
they fixed this marriage because they are educated and cultural people. 
If I wanted to marry into a rich family, why would they have chosen me?
Have you met your fiance?
I think you should meet him.
How can I? He left for the US, last night.
Talk to him on the phone. Talk to him on a video call and have him talk to us as well.
Alright, it's time for my class, I'll get going.
Sure...
I'll meet you in the evening. Come on.
Fizza has engaged someone.
She's out of your hands.
How come you're so relaxed, I just said...
Easy...
It's only an engagement. People break off weddings and this is only an engagement.
You don't know me. See what I'll do now.
Fizza wait...
I'll be right there.
You're engaged?
Yes... you knew I liked you...
Still...
Firstly, I didn't know that you liked me.
Secondly, if you even liked me, it makes no difference to me...
And lastly, I chose to get myself engaged. 
So there is no point in discussing the first two things.
From now on, don't stop me like that. Understand?
Don't worry, Mrs. Safdar, I will find a suitor according to your demands for your daughter.
I have a few proposals from abroad.
 I'll check their recent status and update you.
Call Natasha, and let me meet her.
Sure. Najma, ask Natasha to come to the drawing room.
Hello Natasha... how are you?
What kind of proposals do you have for me?
I mean what background do they have and what are their demands?
Natasha, I've discussed that with her. You need not involve yourself in such matters.
If they want a bookworm don't bring their proposal here.
It doesn't matter to me what kind of girl they want, just find me a guy according to my needs.
The guy should be abroad and rich...
He should have a living lifestyle like us. 
I don't care about what religion he is.
Natasha...
When I'm speaking, you need not get in between this. Ask Najma to make tea for her.
You're looking for a suitor for me and I shouldn't give my opinion.
Maybe you're forgetting, in our religion, we are allowed to marry whomever we want.
Please, auntie, don't bring a proposal from a typical and conservative family.
The guy should be like me. 
Someone who is stylish, modern, and broad-minded. Alright?
And I can't stay in a joint family as well.
So, take care of that as well.
I cannot handle relationships with mothers and sisters-in-law...
What's the point of living if one has to live in suffocation after one's marriage?
My dear, your father wants you to get married to honest, honorable, and educated people.
Even if they aren't equal to your status.
But still, I'll try that whatever proposals I bring you aren't from a joint family.
Honorable people prefer living in a joint family.
Don't try, you will find the proposal I deserve.
The guy's standard should be exactly like ours.
If you can find a guy like that, introduce me to him.
Otherwise don't come here again. Thanks.
Don't mind... she's a child. She says whatever she feels.
Please eat...