what happened to Natasha?
how is she?
nothing will happen Sheena
nothing will happen to her, she will be fine
hello!
yes, he is my son. Is everything alright?
God willing she will be fine
he got arrested in money laundering case!
what are you saying? hello!
this... 
doctor
I'm sorry! We couldn't save your daughter
Farwa, what happened? why are you crying?
mom had called
yes so?
please take me to my house
Ok stop crying, first tell me what happened
Natasha
Natasha had died
your cousin?
Hamza, I want to go home. Please take me home
a lot had happened there, and I wasn't even aware of it
ok at least tell me how come she died?
I will tell you everything
but first, book the fist possible flight. I want to go back home
Ok stop crying. Relax, let me try
Natasha
oh God!
what happen, mom?
Hadia... 
Natasha died in a car accident
oh God...
dear, sister Sajida was telling that
Faizan got arrested at the airport for money laundering
Hadia, Faizan had done a second marriage secretly
and maybe, that girl got him trapped
where are you going?
I'm going to Natasha's funeral
will you go there even after listening to so many taunts?
mom, I have no relation with Faizan
no association
Faizan got the punishment for his actions
he got the punishment for being disloyal to me, but mom... 
there wasn't any fault of Natasha in it
I have to go
control yourself, Sheena
we should repent
before the doors of apologizing shall be closed on us
we should repent
may God forgive us
Razi, I will become that type of a girl which you like
Hadia & Farwa type
you like those girls who stays indoors, right? 
So I will become one
you don't like my styling sense, right?
I will change my style
you know, I am trying to learn cooking for you. So please
I will become that type of a girl which you want me to be
No
Natasha look... 
I don't want this
however you are, you are completely perfect
you don't need to change yourself
you are perfect!
Hadia dear, you here!
I couldn't hold myself when I get to know about Natasha
I am so sorry
may God makes ease for her
how did it happen?
all are God's decisions
nobody can delay what is written in fate
everyone left me
Natasha died & Faizan went to the jail
I am destroyed
even you had left
honestly speaking... 
it seems that your curse has affected us
No, no... 
God knows, I have never cursed you all
Natasha was just like my sister. Believe me, I am feeling so sad
I am sure, whatever you are saying is right
we are unfortunate, that we couldn't value such a precious daughter like you
if possible then forgive us
may God always keep you happy
oh dear, what are you doing here?
its been only 2 days that you came back, and you are here in the kitchen
there are a lot of servants, they will do the work
aunty, I am habitual of doing the work
I used to help my mom at my house
all praise to God. Always stay happy
but don't do all these things now, servants will do all the work
I will like it if you will give me the responsibility of this house
I like to do work, honestly I don't have any problem in doing kitchen chores
this kitchen is yours, and also this house is yours. You have to handle everything
but on the right time
Ok tell me, how was your mother?
thanks to God she is doing very well
she was paying regards to you
greetings to her too!
I wanted to go along with you, but I didn't find it appropriate as you had gone there for the very first time
next time I will go along with you for sure
really?
she will like it a lot if you will come along 
please do come
absolutely! I will
what about Razi's job?
Hamza was telling me that he got a very nice job, so when is he joining?
yes, all praise to God. His job is really good
but only 2 weeks are left for him to leave Pakistan
So, your mom hadn't thought about his proposal?
its my mother's desire, but brother Razi doesn't want
what is the problem now? He got such a good jog, along with the house. What is he waiting for?
maybe he is waiting for somebody's "yes"
have you said something?
No, I was saying... brother Razi wants to wait for a little more time
actually Natasha died recently, and its been very less days of her death
you are right. But it is better to put an ointment on the wound so that it can heal quickly
would you like to drink tea?
No, not right now. Let Hamza come then we'll drink the tea together. Ok?
Ok, let me prepare salad till then
Ok fine
Ok
Safder, I have served the dinner
please come inside to have dinner
you haven't eaten properly since so many days, I am so worried about your health
I am not hungry
Safder, please...
please, as I said I am not hungry
What kind of person are you? 
What kind of person? 
One shouldn't even call you a human.
Aren't you ashamed? 
Didn't your heart tremble cursing your own child?
I expected everything from you but this
and you .. 
I haven't seen such cold hearted woman in my life
God will take revenge from you. 
Keep your son with you. 
Your son and your house should go to hell.
I'm leaving forever.
congratulations! you've become a grand mother. Its a baby girl
Hadia is absolutely fine, now you can meet her
thank you so much, doctor
isn't she crying now?
she is your xerox
you are so cute
oh God! all praise to God
what will be her name?
yes, little Hadia
my baby...
give her to me
mom, uncle Safder is quite worried
he keeps crying in front of Natasha's grave for hours
yes dear
even I am so worried about Safder
Sheena was telling me
that my brother has left eating & drinking properly
he isn't even taking any interest in his business
everything is facing loss
and...
he had left going to office as well
my brother has become alone
completely alone!
that poor guy has become hopeless from life
but dear
all of us together have to bring him back to life
and... I won't be able to do this alone
you have to help me
if you will leave
then who will handle him?
the business for which he had done the hard work day & night
everything is ruined! 
Nobody is there to handle it
you are right, mom
I am sorry about it
but nothing will happen by being sorry
what else I can do?
I am not his real son
but he is my real brother
and I cannot leave my brother in this condition
you should support him in this condition, my dear
you should become his support, you should become his son
don't know Faizan
when will Faizan get released from the jail
till then
till then handle him
you have to save his sinking ship
only you
I?
but mom, I have already applied for the job
you will get the job, you will get another job
but God forbid, if something happened to Safder then?
God forbid, mom
what are you saying?
I'm saying the right thing, my dear
you have to postpone your plan for sometime
as soon as Safder will recover
we'll leave from here
wherever you will say, I will go with you. But not right now
I will not go anywhere after leaving my brother
Ok mom
as you say so
stay blessed
Hadia
dear, do remember to invite sister Sajida & Razi
I think you should called brother Safder & his wife as well
mom, I try to contact them a lot but they don't respond
neither he receives my call, nor he replies to my messages
in fact, I had sent him Natasha's pictures too
but they didn't answered
I can understand
the grief of one's child shatters a person
Yesterday, I had a word with sister Sajida
she was saying, your father in law stays quite worried
he has broken completely after so many griefs
neither he can handle the business, nor he goes to his office
even his business is going into crisis
don't know why Hadia, but I think we should make her meet him
Faizan is in the jail
but after all, they are her grand parents
we shouldn't keep them away from their grand daughter
mom, even I think the same
that I should make Natasha meet her grand parents
they shall love her & see her
they have equal right on her, as we have
don't worry, we'll go to Karachi as soon as we get free from Fizza's wedding
and we'll make her meet her grand parents
in fact, I am thinking if Faizan wants to meet his daughter sometimes
then I won't have an objection
however he is
after all, he is her father
and I don't want to keep my daughter away from her father's love
I am proud of you, dear
I was expecting this from you
I've written the names on the cards, do check if I've left someone's name
do check it yourself
ensure to invite Razi & sister Sajida
and dear, do try to call your father in law & mother in law once again
my princess... my life
oho Mr. Rehman, how can you forget this?
what have I forgotten now?
I am talking about Fizza's wedding gift
oh... I forgot that
what will happen now?
I knew it, you don't remember anything. I've to remind you everything
how will we arrange it so soon?
why do you get worried so quickly?
everything is ready, I have met the lawyer as well
Thank God! Ok, have you mentioned all those things that I had told you
everything is exactly the same as per your instructions
ok listen! what if Khadija objects on it?
why will she have an objection?
you don't know they have very high self-respect. What if they take our gesture in a wrong manner
they don't only have high self respect but they are very wise
rest, if we are giving something to our daughter in law as per our will & happiness
then why will they object on it?
Mr. Rehman, its not something small. Why aren't you getting it?
I don't find anything objectionable in it
we are giving all of this to our daughter as per our happiness
this way our daughter in law will become our business partner by 40%
and then whether she gives our hospital project her name or he father's name
So, I don't think so that anyone will have an objection on it
so, what do you think?
even I am thinking the same, that's why I have asked you to prepare these papers
but don't know why I don't want anything to get wrong
why do you get worried so quickly? Everything will be fine
just do the preparations & chill. And enjoy the wedding event
your son is the reason behind these worries
what if he refused to come back here? What will we do then?
when have I asked him to shift here after leaving his business?
he Malik Abdur Rehman's son, he can live wherever he want to
and in the same manner, our daughter in law has got complete right to spend her life here or abroad
why do we need to worry?
you just enjoy & make this party a memorable one
yes, I am so excited & happy
so are all the preparations done?
yes, some of them are left
Khaliq, what is the date today?
Sir, today is 27th
27th? Who came to gave this card?
oh sir, its been a lot of days. Mr. Rehman had handover the card from outside
so Khaliq, you should have told me
sorry sir, I made a mistake
its alright.
Ok do one thing
today on wards, only my chair will be kept here
pick up the rest of the chairs once I get up
Ok sir
Okay
you!
please come inside