I knew it! I just knew that this will take place. I don't know why Natasha had to go against everyone and do all this.
Its in the past now! She was at mistake but we are a family, if we don't support her then who will.
And you know she isn't fully mature yet! I'm sure if we support her, she won't make anymore mistakes and learn from the mistakes that she did.
Mother and father will be really upset! We have to be there.
I'll book the first available flight. You should start with the packing please!
Okay! Don't you worry, I'll start with the packing.
Hello! Kindly book the first available flight departing from Islamabad to Karachi. I'm sending you the detail via Whatsapp! Okay.
Faizan!
I won't let you slide that easily!
If she still doesn't learn the lesson! She would never know her limits. She'll keep taking advantage of our love.
Now leave it Safdar, She is your daughter! Try to understand her condition too.
We are not the reason for her condition! She was at fault!
We are also suffering because of her mistake!
We cannot change the past! She needs us, so that she can escape the torture.
And this is only possible when you personally forgive her!
I've already forgiven her! But as a father, I hope she understands that she hurt me really bad.
What didn't I do for her? I have fulfilled her every wish almost! But in return she decided to come up with this!
She has realized her mistake! Now forget the past.
Did you call upon me, Father?
That boy shouldn't be left like this at all! He needs a lesson too!
Don't you worry!
Police are already searching for him but they fear, he might try leaving the country.
Police has a registered his name and details in ECR! He cannot hide for that long.
You guys can stay calm! He'll be caught soon.
He did what he had to. Pretty much destroyed my daughters life.
Now what will we get by getting him punished?!
Justice!
In this whole procedure, we'll be the ones feeling embarrassed !
We cannot forgive such a big criminal, just because of embarrassment!
These type of people should be punished who play with the life of women.
He mentally tortured Natasha! He betrayed her.
This bastard must be punished.
I wish! My kids had the same thinking. I wish!
If father didn't forgive Natasha, what will happen with me? He would disown me when he gets to know that I secretly married Rimsha! Everything will be ruined, I'll loose everything.
This won't happen! I cannot let this happen! This should be kept as a secret.
What about Hadia?! If she finds out.
She would leave me immediately! But why am I worried about her.
Why am I scared off her getting her upset! Why do I feel like hurting her.
I think I've started to like her!
I'm cheating on Rimsha too! this cannot happen.
I'll have to chose one from both of these! Rimsha or Hadia.
Please inspector! This boy shouldn't escape at all. Try searching him with all your force! Please find him.
Sure! I'll visit the police station tomorrow. Thank you and regards.
Raazi! Natasha is back home. Now leave that boy.
No mother! I won't sit peacefully until this bastard gets punished.
And I have promised uncle that I won't stop until they get justice!
I think you are in love with Natasha!
Love?
Love only happens a single time!
This heart doesn't beat for anyone anymore.
I'll be back tomorrow! I'll spend the whole day with you.
No need to now! Stay with that Hadia of yours. I die or not! You should not worry anymore.
Hello! I am really sorry Rimsha. I know it's my fault! I cannot spend my time anymore. Please try to understand.
But I promise! I would spend the whole weekend with you after coming back.
You'll have to come directly to me from the airport! It's just been 4 days since our wedding, and you left me alone. I'm your wife! I'm also a part of your life.
Listen! I tried, but the weather's bad. All flight are canceled.
You are lying again! Faizan I'm not that dumb! That every time I'll get fooled. I'm not like that Hadia.
I saw her profile! I can see you smiling and enjoying in all her photos.
So what should I do! Should I just leave her like that? What do you want me to do?
Listen Rimsha! Please promise me that you'll cooperate. You are not keeping your promise, Okay?
You are absolutely right! It's all my fault! That I put trust in you and married you.
What is wrong with you! I think you are forgetting that I married you on some terms!
That I'll stay with Hadia and spend time, and you won't hesitate or pressurize me!
And If father finds out ! He'll never forgive me. I don't know what's gonna happen after that.
I'll go and tell your father the truth myself!
I'll tell him myself that I made a big mistake by trusting and marrying your son.
Rimsha! you are again blackmailing me and pressurizing me. Please don't do this.
Listen! I just want you to not call me that often. I don't want Hadia finding about us right now.
Hadia! Hadia! Hadia! I'm tired of listening to this name!
Hadia doesn't find out about us! Hadia doesn't get hurt! Hadia this, Hadia that! Faizan ! Am I not a part of your life? Where do I stand?
Please understand me! Try to understand my compulsion Rimsha. Please!
You are continuously lying to me, making me a fool. And you want me to stay silent!
It was a normal accident! Some tissues are damaged, and there's swelling too. I am prescribing some medicines! Go for the X-ray if the swelling stays !
This means I'm all good! We should get going, as we have a flight at 2 O'clock. Lets get ready!
No! You cannot travel in such a condition.
What condition Hadia? I'm all good!
It'll take some time for your wounds to heal! Try not to travel in such a condition.
He needs a complete rest for three consecutive days! I'm prescribing some more medicines. I'll check him tomorrow too.
Ok! Take care.
Thank you doctor!
Your welcome! Thank you.
Hadia we really need to go! I'm Okay!
Faizan! What has happened to you. I understand that you are upset for Natasha but at least just listen to the doctor!
I'm in a normal condition. I can walk, I can talk. I'm okay!
You never listen! Do you know, how much will your parents be worried if they find out.
Please don't tell them. They already are depressed due to Natasha!
But first promise me one thing!
What!
You'll have to get complete bed rest for some days! I have always listened to you always. Please listen to me because I cannot compromise on your health
Okay! Sure!
Nothing more! Just take good care of yourself. I'll go make some soup for you.
I have sent you the mail! Check it. Sure! Update me as early as possible!
Here! Drink some tea.
Thank you!
Raazi! I'm really happy with you son.
You have made me proud in front of my brother and his wife.
I feel like I have returned the courtesy my brother on me, just because of you!
I didn't do that much, mother!
You did! You brought Natasha safe and sound back to home!
I you wouldn't have reached in time! there must have been something bad going on.
And your uncle will never forget this favor of yours.
Mother! I didn't do this to return as a favor to him.
Its my duty.
God bless you son! I'm always proud of my kids.
Thank you!
Mother! Mother!
Coming darling!
Here! I have placed some good food in there! Enjoy it with your friends.
Wow! Thank you so much mother! Now I know that you love me more than Hadia !
Fool talks!
Daughter! If you are ready, let's go.
Sure father! I'll miss both of you.
Quickly get your studies completed! Then I won't let you leave anywhere. Take care of yourself.
Sure!
I don't feel comfortable that you live in a hostel but on the other hand you also want to graduate as a doctor.
Now I'll go! Take care of yourself, please.
My darling! Sure!
Lets go!
Goodbye! Goodbye!
Hello! Greetings! How are you doing.
Greetings! Thank God I'm fine and healthy!
You guys were worried about Natasha! I thought it'll be good to inform you that she is back home, safely.
She is back? That is so nice to hear, Thank God she is back.
Is Safdar satisfied?
No Safdar is still hurt! I hope he forgives her soon.
We were also really worried and praying for her! Today my husband asked again about her.
How did she come back?
Raazi brought her back! And the boy who married her, Raazi is also taking care of getting him properly punished.
May God bless your son! He is such a gentleman! He always there for others.
Amen! Remember him in your prayers.
Sure! Take care of yourself! Goodbye!
Goodbye!
Hadia! now you should sleep.
I cannot sleep!
Don't lie to me! I can clearly see from your eyes that you are sleepy.
I won't let you sleep till your temperature normalizes! I'll go get the thermometer!
Leave it!
Help me sit!
You are not taking any rest! You haven't slept at all. Are you not tired?
I love taking your care! I just want to be there for you my whole life! Now you won't go on walks alone.
You actually love me that much?
You are suspicious about my love?
Can I ask you something?
 A hypothetical question! If you ever find out I cheated on you, will you still love me the same way?
What are you talking about?
I'm a human! I can make mistakes!
No you cannot! I know you will never.
You've also left that Rimsha! Now no one else is there to interfere between us.
No one!
Hey! Faizan! Why are you so lost!
Nothing! I'm just sleepy, you should also sleep.
Hey Rimsha! after talking to you I had an accident. I cannot come early, as it might take 3 days for recovery.
So you should take care of yourself! My phone will be off so it wouldn't be possible for you to contact me.
Take care of yourself! I love you.
I'm too worried about Safdar! As a father, I cannot imagine what he'll be facing right now.
It would look good if we also go and ask about her! In such situations, only the real ones are there to help.
But when I think about Safdar's wife, I know she won't appreciate such a deed.
You are right! It won't look good if you go there right now.
Sajida was telling that everyone is too depressed. Natasha is in a bad condition! She fainted when she entered the house.
She got hurt pretty bad! It's obvious that it'll take some time for her to stabilize.
I'll just call Safdar on phone and ask if they need anything. You tell me, that when are Hadia and Faizan coming back?
After hearing about Natasha! They were coming early, but Faizan fell sick. Now they'll come in some days. Don't worry, Hadia is in contact!
Then I'll just call and ask about Faizan's health.
Sure! do it.
Rimsha! Why have you called me here so urgently?
Zohaib
I need your help
help? mine?
Ramsha I have already told you that I can't help you further now
why Zohaib?
I really need your help
you'd have to go with me to Islamabad to meet Faizan
I take you to Islamabad to meet Faizan? I am already regretting after leaking information to you
and by the way
why do you want to go to Islamabad to Faizan?
, actually there is a thing
that you don't know
Faizan and I ..
have got married
what? What rubbish are you saying? How can he get married to you? He has already got married to Hadia
you know it well that he used to love me before that Hadia came
he was about to get married to me
He only got married to Hadia under his father's pressure
oh!
this means
Faizy is betraying Hadia?
Exactly Zohaib
Also, that Hadia doesn't deserve Faizan
you'll see
I will take my Faizan away from that Hadia
and you'd help me in this
Look, I don't know what are the complications between Faizan and Hadia
I don't know. But I'm not helping you Ramsha
Zohaib, you will have to help me
Otherwise you know it well what can I do?
You'll take me to Islamabad
Got it?
Good!
I'm too bad
I have hurt you all a lot
Father is right
I don't know my ..
good or bad
Natasha ..
have patience my child
why are you hurting yourself thinking about it?
what's done is done. It was written in fate
no one can change it
and you'll see ..
in future, things will be easy for you
and you'll get a wonderful partner
no auntie
no good person deserve me
I have ruined my life myself
look
my dear daughter
whom ..
we brought up so delicately
with love
why did this happen to her?
People have such good fate
they get everything that they don't have
like Hadia
and my daughter
don't say that Sheena
a person learn from his mistakes
and sense comes after bad times pass
how are you feeling Natasha?
she's been crying constantly since yesterday
she hasn't eaten anything
Farwa, why have you got this all?
you didn't come for breakfast so I brought it here
I have no mood to eat
try to feed her
auntie, you haven't eaten anything since last night too
I don't want to eat anything, please
Please eat something
why won't you?
don't listen to her
forcefully feed her
have this
I told you, I don't want to eat
Are you gone mad, Natasha?
I have
When I'm telling you that I don't want to eat then why are you forcing me?
Please, leave me alone. Go from here
Natasha, we know that you are too tensed right now
everything will be fine. Don't you worry
I don't need false sympathies
sympathies aren't shown to people who are our own
we take care of our people
and we all love you a lot
and are worried about you
do you realize that your parents haven't eaten anything since yesterday
you ..
don't mind
actually ..
she is going through mental stress
mental stress?
why don't you tell the truth? That I have gone mad
I have ruined my life, mother
don't say that my child
I have gone mad
I couldn't understand what was happening to me
I couldn't figure out what was happening to me
I made a joke of myself
all relatives would come to show sympathies to me
although they won't be feeling sympathetic
they'll come only to see my drama
they'll talk about me. I'm going mad
I am hating myself
I don't want to live this life
what is this?
where are you going?
I'm going to Islamabad with Zohaib
Don't you worry. I'll come back soon
Islamabad?
but why?
and who is this Zohaib you are going with?
He is mine and Faizan's mutual friend
He told me that Faizan has gone for vacation with Hadia, and not on business trip
it doesn't mean
that you go behind Faizan
why not?
he'd keep telling lie and I don't do anything?
when he doesn't care about me, then why do I?
Do you know he made a promise to me that he'd be back by morning today
and now he's making excuses. He has switched off his phone
He's telling me that he had an accident
but actually, he's spending time with Hadia
it might be possible that he's right
that might be true
don't follow Faizan now
or else he'd get annoyed and end this relationship
look I had already explained it to you
I'm explaining it again
this wedding happened after so much hard times
and you have to fulfill this relationship
look
if you'd be emotional like this
then Faizan would divorce you?
he can't even think to divorce me
from where will he bring 50 million rupees?
How is he now?
I did talk to him in the morning
My child, he was praising you a lot
he was saying ..
you are taking good care of himself
I liked it
no my child
there is no need to come back now
and ..
As far as Natasha is concerned, we are here. We will handle her
You people spend time there. There is no need to come now
okay my child, bye!
uncle?
yes my child?
what's the news?
Uncle, police has found Sherry
he is under arrest right now
thanks to God
I wouldn't be able to forgive myself if this hadn't happened
uncle
police had a raid at his friend's place
they found Natasha's things from there
jewelry .. cellphone .. other things too