hello!
greetings! how are you Fizza?
greetings to you too!
you!
this seems Pakistani number
yes, its Pakistan's number because I'm in Pakistan
you came to Pakistan, but you didn't tell me
I thought to give you a surprise!
really! so... 
Ok tell me, tomorrow shall I pick you from the university?
what!
yes? Lets go on a coffee & talk something about our future
actually, I've come to Pakistan for two months that's why
why don't you come to my house, we will meet over there
I will come to your house too
but will you mind if we will sit & talk in private for some time?
if you can please take permission from my father
yes, let me call & seek permission from uncle
Okay, bye!
Okay
bye!
mom
didn't you talk to aunt as of yet?
Natasha look! if you think that I will go & talk to your aunt, then its not possible at all
but mom please
Natasha please
if Razi is also interested in you, then ask him to go & tell his mother
then your aunt will come to seek your proposal from me
then it will be possible otherwise its not possible at all!
but I... 
what's up?
I was passing by so I heard Razi's name, am I right?
you heard it right
why were you guys discussing him?
ask your sister
what's up?
nothing!
Ok, leave her
you tell me, last night I heard some noise of fighting from your room. What is the matter?
nothing! I was talking on the phone. You must have felt that way
tell me about Razi, what is it?
Faizan... 
you have started to hide something from me
I will tell you on the right time, then I will tell everyone
but tell me why were you discussing Razi, what's happening?
your sister has started to like him now
wait what!
have you gone mad!
first Sherry & now Razi, don't you have a caliber?
its not going to happen, Ok?
she got rid of Sherry few days ago, and now Razi's chapter got opened. What's happening?
I am trying to oust him from the factory & she is trying to involve him more in the house. Its not going to happen, Ok?
I hate that guy!
what do you mean, you gave permission?
see, he took permission from me & I liked it
this shows his obedience and... 
upbringing too
now see, if he would have reached Fizza's hostel without seeking my permission
then what I would have done?
you are right
but they will be noticed by people
and its just an engagement
if he wanted to talk to her, then he could have come here 
yes... but its fine Khadija
the time has changed
and we should change our thinking too
with time, I've come to a conclusion that... 
if we give importance to our children likes & dislikes when it comes to the matter of their wedding
then they spend their lives happily
otherwise, they keep on fighting uselessly by making a mole out of mountains
I hadn't thought about it while marrying Hadia
but... 
thanks to God a million times
he kept my honor intact
although, you also know that
in the beginning, our daughter had to face a lot of hardships
but thanks to God that now things are quite better
don't know whether dad had given the permission or not
Nisar will mind if dad had refused
oh God! I'm stuck in such a big problem
this is the same number from which Nisar had called on that day
what shall I do?
hello! greetings!
Fizza, there is a bad news
I'm really sorry, I knew it my father won't allow. I apologize on his behalf
please don't mind, I'm really sorry
are you laughing?
yes, I'm laughing because your father hadn't refused. In fact he had allowed me to take you
what!
I mean, why didn't you tell me before?
if I would have told you on the spot then how you would have realized the importance of your father & respect of your to be husband
oh...
ok, I'll talk to you later as its my class time
Ok fine, but be ready tomorrow
see you tomorrow then
yes, bye!
Khadija's call
at this hour!
what's the problem!
hello!
greetings, sister Sheena. I hope I haven't disturbed you by calling at this time
No, not at all. Tell me what is it?
sister, actually I wanted to talk to you about Hadia
about what?
I was saying, if you can take good care of her
actually girls misses their homes during such times, specially their mothers
and I'm not there
I agree that a mother in law is also like a mother, therefore if you can please take good care of her
sister Khadija look! you don't need to tell this to me
I know how to take care of my daughter in law
she has got all the luxuries of this world
she eats very well, she wears very well. What else does she want?
No, no.. I was just
Khadija look
one should not interfere in their daughter's in-laws matters
otherwise their families gets ruined
God forbid sister, what are you saying!
I'm saying the right thing
Next time, think before calling
yes sister
your daughter is Safder Kamal's daughter in law, its not a small thing
bye!
Khadija's call?
hello! greetings!
greetings to you too!
how are you?
I hope I haven't disturbed you
oh no no Khadija, what are you saying!
I wait for your call myself
tell me, is everything alright?
yes
actually I am so worried about Hadia
last time I saw her when she came back with Faizan
at that time, I saw weird emptiness on her face 
since then I'm feeling so anxious
I feel as if she is hiding something from me
No, no there isn't any such thing. Hadia is very happy, don't worry
you know, a girl always misses her mother in this condition
and I cannot stay with her at all times
I don't have any expectations with sister Sheena
I want to request you
can you please take special care of Hadia for my sake?
what are you saying? Hadia is also like my daughter
if you wouldn't have said, still I would have taken good care of her
remove all the delusions for her from your heart
all praise to God, she is very happy & pray
that God keeps her happy with Faizan
may their marriage be blessed
Amen
thank you sister!
thank you so much
Ok, bye!
bye!
Momal, come here for a minute
yes?
come here
tell me, how is this dress looking?
its good
is it good or very good?
its very nice, but why are you asking me like this?
you had never taken anyone's suggestion while selecting your dress
yes, but today I am a bit confused that's why I am asking
why so, what as such has happened?
actually Nisar is in Pakistan, so tomorrow I am going to meet him
oh my God! I mean all of this is happening & nobody is telling us
I wouldn't have gone without informing you, I would have informed you first
actually he called me abruptly that's why
Ok tell me, is this dress looking good?
no matter whatever my friend wears, everything suits her
and this dress is really nice
really!
Nisar is in Pakistan since few days, that's why I am going to meet him
by the way, where your to be husband will take you?
he didn't tell me that where will we go
yesterday he had called & asked me to be ready as he will come to pick me from the university 
I see, so this is the matter
Ok fine, thank you!
yesterday did you guys had a fight in the office?
what do you guys think?
if you guys will not tell me, then won't I get to know?
No uncle
there isn't any such thing
we were having a discussion on a deal
and we had an argument over it
since when Faizan has started to take so much interest in office work that you guys had an argument on the deal?
you are right, dad
there wasn't any discussion on the deal, it was a personal matter. Very personal matter!
what kind of personal matter? Tell me, I would like to know
if the matter is about personal matter, then listen to me uncle. This guy!
this guy doesn't used to go to the university, I got to know this later
he has been taking quite a hefty amount from the manager, by making an excuse of the university
stop your rubbish!
one minute!
he is provoking you against me
uncle, I'm really sorry. I didn't wanted to discuss this matter but... 
this guy is still meeting Ramsha secretly!
what!
what is he saying?
Faizan... 
is this true?
you are still in contact with that sly girl?
you have deceived me once again? You had lied to me!
I'm sorry!
I'm really sorry that I lied to you & deceived you. But he is not a pious man as well
if you get to know what he did, then maybe you won't be able to listen
what he did?
I took money from you by lying, right?
if you get to know what he did, then you will push him & oust from this house
don't beat about the bush!
tell me the matter clearly!
he is having an affair with your daughter in law!
what!
what rubbish!
what!
glass.. 
what rubbish you are talking?
you should be ashamed of talking like this!
I'm telling the truth, I'm in my complete senses
both of them were having an affair before our marriage, tell him!
Hadia, why don't you tell him that he came to the farm house to meet you!
he came, but not to meet me
uncle
I haven't gone to Islamabad as per my will
you had sent me, right?
but this guy!
this guy has stooped so low in my jealousy that he is putting false allegation on his wife!
he should be ashamed
ask him
if he has a proof then show us
stop your rubbish!
I will talk to you later
I swear dad, I had a proof. I had a video in my phone
I don't know where that video has gone
go away from here!
be quiet & get lost!
you can stoop so low
you are putting a false allegation on your pious wife, just to degrade him in front of me?
I am feeling ashamed while calling you my son
you have forgotten the fact that she is about to become the mother of your baby!
I swear dad I'm telling the truth, at least believe me for once please. I had a proof
go away from my sight otherwise I will kill you
Safder!
leave him!
do you want to know the truth?
he is doing all of this in Razi's jealousy
he is jealous of him & his achievements
and while doing this he didn't even noticed
and blamed his pious wife. Get lost!
take him away from here
uncle... 
enough Safder, now there is no reason left for us to stay here
Shina & your children behavior was already so bad with us
and now Faizan! he has crossed all the limits
is this how my son's hard work is re payed?
is this how his honesty is re paid?
my children never wanted to live here
they stayed here upon my orders & my request
and I respected you all your life
whatever I had tolerated is because of you
but one's favors shouldn't be repaid by humiliating others
you are right, sister
I respect you a lot, you are my elder sister
I am so guilty
and about Razi I...
I can never think this way
I trust him more than myself
and that girl Hadia is very innocent
she can never do any such thing
yes! you cannot think but you didn't stopped your son to do all this
I apologize to you sister, but... 
enough Safder!
don't stop us now
let us go
we will be grateful to your favors our entire life
but don't get us humiliated a lot that we shall feel so ashamed
may God bless you guys & keep you happy
let us leave
how come like this?
dear Razi, please convince your mother
I accept whether Faizan said & did was wrong, but I didn't questioned you at all
uncle...
dear, I beg in front of you
please, what are you doing?
please don't do this!
you are like my father
don't make me guilty by apologizing like this, in fact I apologize to you
No.. if you want to do something then please
convince your mother, please
which evidence Faizan was talking about?
what does he have?
tell me!
I'm not saying it uselessly
here is something in between both of them
I had made a video but the phone got snatched, otherwise I would have shown it to everyone
just shut up, Faizan
go & tell these stories to someone else
not just your father, even I am not going to bind to this rubbish
whatever it was earlier, no matter I don't used to like Hadia
but I'm sure
that she is not bad in character
and even Razi is not like that
you don't know Faizan, you've done so wrong
you've insulted your wife & her to be born baby in the jealousy of Razi
what's wrong with you!
stay out of it
I know why are you taking his side
yes, I like him
and I trust him too
even you have started to like Hadia, Right?
then you should have trusted her, Faizan
but you have insulted your wife in front of everyone
if you had some problem or jealousy with Razi then
you should have taken out your anger on him, like a man
what was the need to drag your wife in all of this?
I'm telling you the last time
don't interfere in my matters, stay out of it
even I don't like to interfere in your matters, Faizan
but your matter is creating problems in my life
you do realize that if Razi left this house in anger, then he will never marry me
and have you thought about dad's loss?
what if he left going to the office then who is going to help dad?
you don't do a single work!
don't dare to speak ill about Faizan in front of your father
did you see?
how low your son has gone!
Safder, you should have listened to him
what I should have listened? Tell me Shine, what?
I should listen to his disgusting allegations?
Ok you tell me
what do you think?
whatever he is saying is true?
the characters of both of them are in front of you
look at Razi, & look at your son
look at his personality
look at his attitude, nature & progress towards business
and our son!
I feel ashamed while taking his name
leave all this! the blame that he had put on Hadia, I will never tolerate that!
Faizan would have never said such a big thing if there wasn't any truth in it
earlier it was different, but now he has started to like Hadia
both of them went to Murree (hill station) together
they were so happy over there
and now Hadia is about to become the mother of her baby
Faizan would have never said any such thing
if there wasn't any truth in it
why such a long face?
relax, I saved you
you saved me?
Faizan, you got me humiliated in front of all
but my father didn't said a single word to you
he had raised his hand on me, he choked my throat
if you think that he hadn't raised his hand on me, and I didn't got insulted then you are mistaken
you've made me half dead by associating my name with Razi in front of everyone
what is left now?
you know what, whether you accept it or not. But you had an affair with him
if not today, but it was there
but the thing is that I love you
that's why, whether dad beats me or do anything. I won't tell him or show him anything
go & show it to everyone
why aren't you showing it?
what kind of love is this?
go & show them
go, show them... I am no scared of anyone
Ramsha please!
why do you always come to me in an off mood?
I'm sick of your mood swings
your tantrums are never ending, I'm fed up!
Razi had told my dad about us, we have to be more careful now!
he did very well
Faizan, I think this is a good chance. Let's tell the truth to everyone
have you gone mad Ramsha!
how many times shall I tell you one thing? Why don't you get it?
my father will not like it, he will humiliate me a lot. Why don't you understand!
ok listen
Faizan relax, please calm down
lets think about something
everything will be fine
I will ensure to tell your father now
Faizan, everything will be fine. I'm with you
It will be alright
I'm sorry!
Razi, something might have happened there that's why Faizan was saying such things in front of all
tell me, what had happened there?
look, don't hide anything from me
I know this very well, that you haven't forgotten Hadia till date
but what as such Faizan saw over there
what he had heard, that he was saying such things?
no mom, there isn't any such thing
its a misunderstanding, & nothing more than that
I know Faizan very well, he is playing a game
he isn't that crazy
yes, but he is a fool
really! so you think that your mother is also a fool
that's why you were asking on that day, that you will never distrust me
it means, you knew it very well that one day Faizan will bring this matter in front of all
Razi, I was scared of the same thing
that one day this matter will come in front of all for sure
why didn't you tell me earlier?
what shall I do to you?
mom, that's why I was asking you again & again to move somewhere else from here
really!
it means, this is the solution of this problem?
because I had asked you to stay away from Hadia
I haven't done anything, nothing as such has happened. Why don't you believe me?
I do believe you
I trust you completely
but why Faizan was saying such a big thing!
after all, what had happened at the farm house?
what had happened, tell me
mom, nothing had happened over there
and you know it very well that I hadn't gone there myself, uncle had sent me there
really! so why you didn't refuse at that time? You knew it that Hadia was there
and tell me, what was the need to complain about Faizan to his father?
when you will say that he is having an affair with some girl
you know his nature very well
will he stay quiet? he will definitely put a blame on you
you know he is jealous of you
that's why he is putting allegations on you
mom, if I wouldn't have told uncle then someone else would have. What's the use?
it would have made any difference if someone else would have told, but since you've told your uncle therefore there has been a huge mess
I am not capable to face anyone
and that girl! that poor girl got humiliated for no reason
I will talk about justice, Razi
presently you are at mistake
if you would have stayed quiet, then maybe he would have kept his mouth shut
and your respect would have stayed intact
it has become so difficult for me to stay here
Safder trusts you
but Faizan & Shina, they will exaggerate this matter for sure
what shall I do?
I will not stay here for a minute, I will leave
alright!
but now I will stay here & I don't want to go anywhere from here
why?
can't you feel your insult?
the matter is not about insult
if I will leave from here right now, then everyone will think that its my fault
and maybe whatever Faizan is saying, everyone will believe him
mom, I'm telling you. Till I don't clear this problem, I won't leave from here
really! so how will you clear it? the matter is true
the matter is not about insult
only you know it that I & Hadia used to like each other, right?
but after her marriage, there isn't any such thing in between us
and neither I used to look at her in that way
yes, it would have been wrong. If Hadia would have stayed in contact with me after her marriage
but there isn't any such thing, mom
I'm telling you
I will ensure to solve this problem
you know what, whether you accept it or not. But you had an affair with him
if not today, but it was there
,but the thing is that I love you
that's why, whether dad beats me or do anything.
I won't tell him or show him anything
both of them had an affair before marriage, tell him!
Hadia, why don't you tell him that he came to the farm house to meet you.
its good from one aspect, & bad from one aspect
Faizan is such a coward man
he can leave you by coming into his father's pressure
but we won't face much loss
5 crores are confirmed
I will ensure to take that money from them
but right now, I think the loss will be ours
if Faizan's father stopped his pocket money, then how will he be able to take care of our expenses?
he will become so miser
you are saying the right thing
but don't you worry
and for now, don't talk about money in front of Faizan
now I will trap Faizan in a different way
I will show him that I am like Hadia
like Hadia?
but how?
by becoming an obedient & lovely wife
Faizan likes such things
I want to show him that I only love him, I don't have any concern with his wealth
then you'll see
Besides, I think that there has been a very big fight between Faizan & Hadia
how come you get to know all this?
nothing is confirmed, but he seems quite worried since past few days
fights do happen between a wife & a husband, its not a big deal
mom, this is not a normal fight
I think, there has been a very big fight between them
because that day Faizan was asking me, "I hope you won't be disloyal to me"
what does this mean?
come on, Ramsha
because of these beautiful wives, husbands are always cautious
and that's why he had asked you too
because you are also very beautiful, right?
and then Hadia is such a simple & innocent girl
how can she do this?
oh please!
she isn't a simple or innocent girl
the girls who look so innocent by face, they are quite clever & sly from inside
anyways, let them fight. Why are you getting worried?
you should take the advantage of this situation
the more they will fight, the more advantage you will get
look, if he will come here in tension
then you become more closer to him
and... then you'll see
one day he will come out of his delusion