Razi...
My dear, why are you sitting here like this? Did you eat?
Have you put Faizan's ring on her?
Forget her.
He just went out with his wayward friends. He won't be back till morning.
Mother, he has no interest in the fact that he was getting engaged today.
I told you, enough. Forget her.
He's not worthy of her, mother!
It's all just an act. He's not even worthy of the dust beneath her feet.
Hadia is not the last girl on this earth.
For me, she is.
I have never felt like this for anyone in my life.
Why did you do this to me?
 If she wasn't supposed to mine, then why did we meet?
why that worthless guy is getting her?
To this day, I've never asked God for anything.
This was the first time I took a liking to a girl.
And...
God took her away from me.
Be patient.
Be patient.
Be strong and control yourself.
How can I do that?
The fire burning inside me is provoking me to ruin everything.
Razi...
What are you doing? Control yourself.
Bury all of your desires and your love.
After two weeks she's getting married.
After getting married she'll come to this house.
How can I see her with someone else?
No... I can't stay here.
Have you gone insane?
Where will you go?
Anywhere but not here.
I used to think that my son was patient and brave.
Why don't you understand that I love her!
I can't see her being with someone else.
Look at me...
You're my entire life's work...
You're my entire world.
Your mother can't see you like this.
Alright...
If you're worried about me... then you will not attend the wedding.
What can I do son?
What can I do? There will be a wedding soon...
It's not good to leave under such circumstances.
Look... everyone is preparing for the wedding.
Listen to me, after the wedding is done, we'll leave.
I promise...
just wait until the wedding. Then we'll leave.
I can't tolerate this...
For God's sake Razi...
For God's sake, open your heart.
Listen to me. You have to attend the wedding.
And you have to help your uncle prepare for the wedding.
Do you understand me? My son has a great character...
Don't despair my son.
Enough...
My dear son.
Enough my dear.
Why haven't you slept yet?
It seems that brother Faizan's memory isn't letting you sleep.
Don't say anything right now.
Sure, you won't like me speaking now.
Now you'll like what brother Faizan will say.
Tell me something.
Before the engagement, brother Faizan used to come here and we used to talk on the phone as well.
Ever since our relationship has been fixed, he didn't call, nor did he come today.
Aunt Shina was telling me that he's very shy.
He was anxious to meet you, that's why he didn't come.
He came here before, and back then he met me.
He wasn't shy at all.
It was different before. You two will be getting married soon.
At least he could have called and congratulated me.
Yes... why don't you call him?
No, I won't.
You're upset at him and the marriage hasn't even started yet.
If he doesn't care about my feelings, then why should I call?
Hey!
Alright, I'm going to sleep. You can keep thinking about brother Faizan.
It was hard for me to stop Razi, otherwise, he was going to leave home.
He was right. We should leave.
If we go like this, then everyone will suspect.
You're still not worried about brother, you're worried about uncle and his family.
What kind of mother wouldn't care about his son?
 I know my son's pain very well.
But we can't do anything... did you not feel it?
It's not just Safdar's family, brother Aleem's family was very happy as well.
And Hadia...
she was happy as well. Rather, she was very happy.
I don't know why brother is going mad at her.
I think Hadia never loved brother.
She was fooling him and brother isn't understanding that.
You can wear this at the dholki.
Sure, after all, it is a house event.
Hello!
Wow... what the hell?
They are just clothes. What will you wear at the Mehndi?
I told you I have no interest in this, then why are you asking me this question?
Faizan, your father is trying to arrange a grand wedding for you.
He wants to arrange a mehndi, barat, and dholki.
Rubbish!
Faizan, since you've agreed, you'll have to attend all functions.
You've trapped me.
Please! I don't have the strength to explain this to you again and again.
I'm not refusing... I'm just saying...
I have no interest in all this. I'm marrying her aren't I? Don't expect anything else from me.
If your father finds out about what you've been doing at the night, then all of us will have to pay for it.
Please don't make life difficult for us.
That won't happen. Do you know why?
Because he's drowning in my favors to him. 
It was his dream to have Hadia as his daughter-in-law and I'm making that dream come true.
Once the wedding is done, just see what I'll do.
If he wants to see Hadia happy, he'll have to transfer all his property to me.
Excuse me... not all, only half.
Whatever.
Look what I have for you brother... your favorite biryani...
I'm not hungry Farwa, take it back.
You haven't eaten a thing since last night. If you keep this up, you'll get sick.
That's good
Let me get sick.
At least this way, I'll lose my life.
God forbid! What are you saying?
Please don't say anything like that again.
All of my happiness has been ruined Farwa...
I don't want to live.
I couldn't believe that this was how you'd react after a girl betrayed you.
She's not disloyal...
She's not.
Really...
She's not disloyal...
If she wasn't disloyal, then she wouldn't be happy at the wedding.
If she had loved you, she would have refused brother Faizan's proposal.
But no... she didn't do that.
She put on brother Faizan's ring happily.
No Farwa.
She wasn't like this...
I think that someone forced her.
For God's sake brother...
Face the truth...
She did betray you... she is disloyal!
Now hurry up and eat
No.
Leave me alone.
At least a little bit.
Farwa, please...
I told you that apart from brother Safdar, no one is happy with the wedding.
Did you see how heartless sister Shina was?
 There was no happiness on her face.
And her daughter...
Looking at brother Safdar could anyone guess that he was a rich man conducting a simple engagement for his son?
There were only four people and Faizan didn't come as well. 
I'm telling you that something is wrong.
Try and find out...
I think that...
all these thoughts in your head have no base to them.
Sister Shina has always been like that. Everyone knows.
Her daughter is just like her. Just like how your daughter is just like you.
Simple and respectful.
We had to insist to make them stay for dinner.
What kind of a person doesn't eat at their son's engagement? She was acting like how she usually does.
Razi didn't come as well... and sister Sajda...
What about her?
Our daughter won't be going to Sajda's house, she'll be going to Safdar's house after her wedding.
And I know that Safdar will keep her happy there.
As far as Faizan is concerned...
I know that after some time his attitude toward our daughter will change...
Our daughter is simple and loving.
I know that she'll make her place at her in-laws' very soon.
What about the simple engagement?
The wedding is in two weeks. You can fulfill all your wishes then. As far as the engagement is concerned...
it doesn't matter if it's big or small, it doesn't have any religious standing.
But, it's not non-religious to see one's son-in-law. 
Tell them that we are coming tomorrow and I want to meet Faizan at any cost.
Alright, I'll tell them.
It's time for the night prayers, I'll be right back.
Safdar, by the grace of God you have a lovely home.
It's all thanks to God and your prayers. It's good that you guys came by.
In a few days, I would have invited you.
Ever since we shifted to Karachi, we haven't visited you.
We came to Karachi to buy some things for the wedding...
so we decided to visit our soon-to-be son-in-law.
Faizan...
He's out with his friends right now. Since you guys came un-informed...
I think he'll be late in coming back. Otherwise, I would have surely stopped him from going.
You guys drink your tea, I'll check in on lunch.
Allow me to make an important phone call, brother Aleem. I'll be right back.
Be hospitable.
It's my father.
Greetings.
Where are you?
I'm out hunting with my friends.
Come home immediately.
I'm very far... how can I come home right away?
Hadia's parents are here, you need to be home.
If they are here to meet me, tell them to come some other time. I'm very far.
No matter how far you are...
I don't care. I said come home immediately.
Otherwise, I'll have your account frozen right this instance.
What kind of blackmailing father is he?
Sorry guys, we'll have to go back.
I'll teach his guests a lesson.
My brother was so stubborn, so I had to shift here.
Hello... greetings*
Natasha...
Guests are here... we've been waiting for you. Faizan hasn't come back as well...
Mom, actually I went to the gym and after that, I went outside with friends.
I lost track of time. Anyways I'm gonna go, hit the showers, and see you guys later. Bye!
I'm sorry I'm late...
How are you?
I'm well.
What was the emergency that you called me here for? 
I told mother that I would be late, what was the rush?
Faizan, maybe you didn't recognize them. This is uncle Aleem and his wife, your auntie.
They are your in-laws as well.
I've met them. What more shall I do?
Son, we came here with the sherwani for you to see...
For what?
To wear at the wedding.
Whose wedding is it? It's mine, so I'll choose my clothes. 
I told you, and you should have conveyed that message to him.
Look, son, this is a ritual...
And in our culture, the bride's family sends the groom's suit.
Son, that's why we wanted you to try it on. 
If there's any alteration needed, then we'll ask the tailor to do it.
Apart from that, your auntie brought some gifts for you and Fizza...
You guys went to the trouble for no reason...
There was no need for this...
I only wear a select few things and a sherwani...
is not one of them. You should have told them.
Son... they've brought that sherwani with love...
Don't force it, father.
You know I don't like sherwani and looking at it...
what is that red thing?
I don't like the color. I feel suffocated just looking at it. 
You can take it away with you when you leave.
Why didn't you guys bring Hadia?
Hadia?
You should have brought Hadia. This way I would have met her. 
I've only heard her praises and looked at her picture.
Nowadays everything is so artificial, with all the makeup and filter. 
One can never know what someone looks like in person.
Sometimes people are completely different from their photographs.
My dear, it's not in their culture for the bride to come to the groom's house before the wedding.
It makes no sense. 
She has to come here after the wedding and live here with me. Then why not before the wedding?
It's absurd.
Faizan enough.
He was an ill-mannered and disrespectful man. Did you see their daughter?
She was so bold!
I was so embarrassed in front of brother.
They had no respect for how to speak to one's elders.
I told you that it was important to meet Faizan, but you paid no heed to me.
You just believed what your friend told you.
Do you see the outcome? Look how he betrayed you.
Silence Khadija!
I'm already very worried.
I've made a grave mistake.
What can I do now?
Clearly refuse, what else?
The wedding is after a week... the invitations have been sent out. I'm sure they've reached by now.
We will be defamed and people will make a meal out of it.
They will ask questions...
People will raise questions about Hadia's character...
Safdar won't lose anything.
He won't lose a thing.
It's a matter of our daughter's life.
There is nothing greater than her happiness.
Don't pressurize me by saying such things.
My head is pounding with pain hearing such things.
I feel like picking up the phone and asking him...
It would have been better if I would have been childless instead of having a son like him.
You were wrong to slap me for those two-bit people.
Shut up your nonsense and get out!
I made a grave mistake...
fixing this ill-mannered man's marriage to that innocent woman.
There's still time to rectify that mistake. Besides, they know Faizan's real face...
This is a wedding... not a game we can start and end at any moment.
Your son has no respect, but that girl does.
What will she go through, 
when she learns that her relationship broke off two days before the wedding?
Go and make your disobedient son understand, otherwise I will surely remove him from my inheritance!
Go!
Do you see?
Look what they are doing with me.
He's a child, don't be so angry.
Cool yourself down.
What more could have been expected from him, that's what brother Faizan is like.
I'm worried about Hadia, Lord knows how badly Faizan will treat her.
You don't need to worry about Hadia, whatever that's happening to her is right.
She hurt brother Razi's heart, so God has written her fate with a man like brother Faizan.
It's good what happened to her.
Don't say that.
It is possible that Hadia never loved Razi. 
Razi could have had a misunderstanding as well...
Indeed and that has what happened. I'm sure that Hadia never loved him.
She was playing with his emotions and brother Razi is acting crazy for her.
We can't change what happened. Pray that Razi escapes her memories.
May he forget her. I can't see my son in pain.
Yes mother
I talked to brother Razi as well. I tried making him understand.
God willing, he will forget. I asked him to forget Hadia and her memory.
But you have to do one thing as well.
 Arrange for us to leave this house, because if Hadia comes here...
then I won't be able to tolerate her either.
What are you saying?
I'm worried because of Razi and now you're speaking his tongue as well.
It's not as easy to leave this place, as you guys think it is. I want to leave as well...
But at least let me talk to Safdar...
And listen to me, until then you can't say anything untoward.
And you have to keep Razi in control as well.
Sure.
Thank God you guys are back. It seems they were very hospitable.
As they should, after all, you're his father-in-law.
Mother, what happened?
What happened, why is she crying? Father, what's happened to her?
My dear.... she's getting emotional thinking of Hadia's wedding.
She's been crying over anything since yesterday. I've tried making her understand but...
It's now like your sister is moving to a different country, you can meet her any time.
And sister can come here at any moment.
Tell me, did brother Faizan like the sherwani, and did he like the perfumes I sent?
He did, right?
My dear, your mother is very tired right now...
The travel was very long...
Keep these questions for tomorrow morning.
Did you guys eat?
We...
ate, my dear.
Shall I make tea?
Sure.
I'll be right back.
Why are you worrying her?
Why would you pick up my phone now?
You are greedy and a liar.
There was greed behind your innocence.
It's not your fault, it's mine.
Hadia!
Yes, father?
Hadia my dear?
My dear, have you seen my silver socks?
I've been looking for them for a while, and I can't find them.
I gave them to Jerry, I've bought new ones for you.
Why did you give them to Jerry? I could have worn them a few more times.
Father, we went out shopping and we bought some socks as well...
so I decided to buy a pair for you.
I didn't want to go, and Fizza forced me to go.
It's alright... it's obvious you guys went to buy things that you two needed.
Give me those socks then.
Father, wear the white pair today. You can wear the new pair with the new suit, the day after tomorrow.
With the new suit?
Why would I wear a new suit, the day after tomorrow?
The Mayun function is the day after tomorrow.
Alright, my dear.
Forgive me, dear.
It's alright mother.
You'll take the medicine and tomorrow morning you'll be alright. 
The Mayun is tomorrow and you have to get better at all costs.
I'll make soup for you and be right back.
Have mercy on my child
Forgive me.
Sir, all the preparations are done, it looks good, right?
I've placed everything, including the lights and the flowers.
Father...
This drum seems off, please find us a small dholki.
Alright?
Did you talk to the girls?
I couldn't find the courage to.
They are so happy, how can I talk to them?
Safdar called...
What did you say?
What could I have said...
How can I listen to him...
and how can I tell him what's going on in my heart?
The things going in my head...
is making my heart anxious.
Who can it be ringing the bell so late at night?
Lord knows who it is.
Let me check.