Who are you, people?
Give us all the cash and jewelry you have!
We have nothing at home. Go away!
We'll take it ourselves.
Sit down here.... give me the bag.
Is there anyone? Save me!
Leave my bag alone, they only have clothes.
Shut up! Open up the bag!
I have nothing in my bag...
Look at the jewelry...
Save me... help!
Help! Help! Help!
Silence!
Let's go.
Arbab this is great. I didn't expect this much loot. It would be easy for us to get by if we manage to find a loot like this once every four months.
Your three months quota is completed.
Please have this sold. I'll pay the house rent with it.
Sure, don't worry.
Tell me, why didn't she call you? She should have informed you. She just got robbed.
You're right. I was thinking that I should go.
Did you guys hurt her?
No, we didn't even touch her.
Don't worry. That will never happen.
Let's go. Wind this up...
Alright.
Natasha?
What happened, why are you sitting here?
What happened? Why are you crying? Tell me, what happened.
We have been robbed, Sherry. They took all of my stuff.
How did they get inside? Why did you open the door?
You should have at least called me.
How could I have called you, they took my phone as well. I don't know where you are.
What would you have done even if you were here? They had a gun.
Natasha, you don't like me being at home. When I'm home, you stay busy on your phone and don't even talk to me.
Look, that's why I ask you to close the door when I leave...
because I know this place isn't safe, nor are there any guards nearby. Anything can happen at any time.
Alright, please relax. Forget what happened. Think that you gave it all to charity.
Such a huge amount for charity?
What did they take?
All of my jewelry, my phone, they took away everything.
Please stop crying. Everything will be alright.
You're late again today.
Why were you waiting Hadia?
You should have slept.
I told you that I would get late for the hospital.
You shouldn't have waited.
How can I sleep when you're so worried?
What happened Faizan?
How is he now?
It's the same. He's not alright.
I'll stay with him at the hospital tomorrow.
Why? Doesn't he have a family?
What's the big deal if I stay?
That's why I don't share anything with you. You always say something different.
I'm sorry.
Don't get upset, I'm apologizing.
I never know when you might get upset
You get angry over everything. You were so pleasant with me just a few days ago and now it's reverted. Why don't you tell me what you want?
Try to understand my behavior.
Honestly, I'm very disturbed right now. I'm very upset.
I need some space.
My friend is very critical.
I need to go.
I have to go.
Hello...
Rizwan, you have put me into trouble.
Why, what happened?
Your guy took her phone as well.
I'll have to buy her a new one now, what is the point of the robbery now?
I have it here, come take it.
Really, what will I tell her when she asks me where I got it from?
Tell her that you found it at home, behind a sofa, or in a cupboard.
She's Natasha, she remembers everything. She told me that her phone was on the table.
Alright then, what can be done now?
She won't just be happy with any old phone.
Sure then, sell this and buy a similar one for her. What difference does it make?
I'll do something about it. Bye.
Alright.
Are you visiting your friend?
Yes...
Should I come alone?
Why?
That way I'll be able to spend time with you. Besides, I get bored sitting at home.
No, you can't go there. He's in the ICU. I'm going there because his family needs financial help.
I might stay the night. I promise that I would help him in tough times. I might stay the night as well.
That is very thoughtful, but you'll have to promise me one thing as well.
What?
That you'll take me out to have ice cream tomorrow.
I don't like ice cream.
I don't like it as well, but I need a reason to go out with you.
Alright, we'll go if something important doesn't come up.
Tell me, which hospital are you going to?
Why are you asking?
I'll send lunch for you through the driver.
I'm not going to a party.
I'm going to the hospital. I'll find food there.
Alright, be sure to eat it on time.
Now go.
Faizan...
Don't go. I feel very worried.
If I hadn't promised...
then I wouldn't have gone.
Ramsha, are you ready?
By God's good grace, you look so lovely.
You don't look any less than me.
Did you tell the cleric about the dower?
Yes, I did, and I told him not to mention them to the groom.
I told him that the groom agreed to it.
But Faizan will be surprised by the amount of the dower.
Let him, what can he do then? Nothing.
I have to hand it to you. Though it was hard, you still managed to control him.
I told you that it isn't easy to leave me. But the conditions he made, I don't understand them at all...
I didn't like them as well.
If you hadn't decided to go to his father that day...
then maybe he wouldn't have written those conditions. He hasn't arrived yet, call and ask him where he is.
He must be on his way, I'll call and ask him.
Sure, I'll check in on the guests.
God bless you!
Drink this.
Why, what is in this?
It's blessed water, it will drive all your tensions away.
Faizan...
Don't go, I feel very worried.
Hello.
Faizan, where are you? All the guests are here. The cleric is asking for you as well.
I'm on the way. Faizan, you're coming, right? You're not betraying me, right?
You know what, if you don't trust me, then why have you decided to spend the rest of your life with me?
If you don't trust me, then don't marry me.
It's not like that, I trust you more than I trust myself.
I was asking you because of my mother. I don't think she still trusts you.
Your mother can't change. I committed to come and so I will.
I know that very well. Hurry up, so that all my mother's doubts clear away.
And so that we are together, forever.
With your permission, may I start the wedding ceremony?
Yes...
Son, you can read these wedding documents if you want, this is your right.
Go ahead, there is no need for that.
Faizan Kamal, son of Safdar Kamal you are being married to Ramsha Ahmed, daughter of Murad Ahmed...
in the presence of these witnesses, do you accept this?
Yes...
Faizan Kamal, son of Safdar Kamal you are being married to Ramsha Ahmed, daughter of Murad Ahmed for a dower of five crore rupees...
in the presence of these witnesses, do you accept this?
Yes.
Faizan Kamal, son of Safdar Kamal you are being married to Ramsha Ahmed, daughter of Murad Ahmed for a dower of five crore rupees...
in the presence of these witnesses, do you accept this?
Yes...
Many congratulations Faizan. Congratulations to you too.
Bring the sweetmeats for Faizan. May God bless this union!
Why is Natasha's phone off?
She has never switched off her phone before. Is my daughter in some sort of trouble?
Where are you going?
I...
I just got the PNR for the tickets. I was thinking of telling Faizan and Hadia about their tickets to Islamabad. They have a surprise waiting for them there.
Try thinking about your daughter for once. You don't care whether she's alive or not.
I don't want to talk about her right now, please.
Safdar!
She's your daughter, she's your honor.
Did she think about my honor? No, right?
Five crores as the amount of the dower?
I needed a fail-safe for my daughter's happiness and this is my wish.
Fail-safe for what?
I don't want you leaving my daughter because of your first wife.
If I wanted to leave her, then why would I have married her?
You will do no such thing, but your father can do everything.
What didn't he try to do to remove Ramsha from your life? I'm sure you didn't forget.
And why are you so worried?
You married Ramsha to stand by her for the rest of your life. You're not leaving her, then why are you worried about the dower?
I have nothing in my hands, you know that.
You don't have it today, but you will have it someday.
Ramsha is not asking it for today, whether it be a month, two months, or a couple of years...
you can give it to her whenever you feel like it.
You should have informed me.
I couldn't find the time, all of this happened so suddenly.
Yesterday you agreed to marry her and today you got married. When should we have discussed this?
Try and understand Faizan. Your first wife was chosen by your parents.
She lives in your house and the entire world knows that she is your wife.
But Ramsha, she doesn't have that. No one knows that she's Safdar Kamal's daughter-in-law, or if she's your wife.
No one will accept her right.
No one will acknowledge a relationship with her.
And, if one day you refuse to acknowledge this marriage as well...
then think about it, what will happen to my daughter, where will she go?
In such a situation, you have to give my daughter the security of a safe future.
Miss Hadia, Mr. Safdar is asking for you.
Sure.
Father, you called me?
Yes, sit down.
I've texted you something, check it out.
I've booked your and Faizan's tickets to Islamabad. You two are going there on Friday. You guys have to check the land over there as well.
The land you two will build your restaurant on.
Thank you, father.
I should thank brother Aleem... for giving me such an honorable and loving daughter.
I'm lucky to have a daughter like you in my home.
Announce this good news Faizan as well.
Sure father.
What happened Faizan? Are you happy?
Faizan, say something. Please.
At least smile looking at me. Tell me how beautiful I am.
I knew that you would smile like that looking at me.
Faizan, today we are finally together, and I'm so happy, that I can't even explain it in words.
Faizan, you feel the same way as well, right?
I'll have to go.
What?
You'll leave me right now?
We just got married and you'll leave right away.
We'll have to go. I have to sit at the breakfast table in the morning. No one knows I'm gone.
Faizan, will you leave me like this every day? I won't let you go.
I am sorry.
I know I'm wrong, it's not fair to you.
But no one at home knows...
about this marriage.
We'll have to be cautious for some time.
I have to go.
You're back.
You're still up?
I can't sleep without you.
Why do you love me so much?
Why do you always ask me this question?
Because I think that you're enduring a loss loving me so much.
You are wasting your energy on me.
It's not like that.
If you start loving me this way, this loss will become profitable.
You must be tired, should I bring breakfast for you?
Just get me tea, and I'll have breakfast with everyone else.
Okay.
How is your friend feeling now?
Alright... he's fine now.
Thank God.
You'll go on a business trip to Islamabad, even though we just got married yesterday.
And we should spend time with each other.
I have to go, I can't say no to my father.
What is the matter? I've been noticing that your father has been involving you in business a lot.
Yes, it's a good sign, right?
Yes, in a way it is.
It's great in all ways. This way I'll learn the business and I won't have to ask my father for money.
How many days are you going for?
For a week?
What! Are you going for a business meeting or to attend a workshop?
A week? The meeting will end in an hour and the travel isn't that long either. Then why a week?
Father has his eye on some land for his restaurant. I have to visit it and work on it. I'm not going alone, Razi will be there with me as well.
When are you going?
Tomorrow.
Faizi, why don't you try to understand? I don't want to live without you anymore.
I understand but please, be patient for a while.
I think I should leave. It's an early morning flight, I've got to go.
Will you not escort me out?
Let's go.
Greetings* How are you?
I called you to tell you that Faizan and I are leaving for Islamabad.
That's good. May you two always be happy.
Mother, your prayers are what has blessed my life.
No, my dear, God is the one who does these things. We can only pray.
I'll visit you, once I come back.
Sure... I'll wait for you.
Faizan is calling me, I'll talk to you later.
Sure, take care.
Farewell.
Who was it?
It was Hadia.
Why did you hang up? I wanted to talk to her.
I would have given it to you, but she was getting late for her flight.
Alright fine.
Thank God that she's happy.
God has accepted our prayers.
Thank God that you're finally at peace. Otherwise, you were always so concerned over Faizan.
I told you that one day his attitude would change.
This has happened because of Haida.
You're right, this did happen because of Hadia.
And... Safdar was praising Hadia as well.
With all this praise to one side, I'm hungry. Please serve lunch.
Sure
This time was mine. Faizan should have given me time.
Why did he go to Islamabad leaving me here like this?
But it's good that this father is involving him in business.
This is good for me, but did he take Hadia with him?
No, that can't be. Faizan can't lie to me.
But it can happen.
I need to find out why Faizan went to Islamabad.
Alright, take care. Enjoy yourself.
I'll miss you. Take care of him.
Shall we?
Okay...
Hello... Ramsha what is it?
Zohaib...
tell me, where has Faizan gone to?
Alright, I'll call and find out.
I don't know how you do it, but I want all of his updates in five minutes.
Bye.