How was it?
How could it have been possible for us to not celebrate Mona's birthday?
Thank you for coming.
I will see you...
Okay, guys...
Sir... how was the party? I hope there wasn't a shortage of anything.
No, it was good. Tell me about the sale today.
Sure sir, let me tell you.
Sir, today's sale is eighty thousand...
What! Eighty thousand?
Sir, because of your party we had to close it to the public, that's why.
Tell me about the rest of the branches...
Sure sir...
The branches in DHA...
are doing well. Up till now, both of them have done a sale of five lacs.
That's good... has the money been transferred.
Yes sir.
Alright, then send me five lacs.
Sir... without Mr. Safdar's permission...
Who am I then? Have you forgotten, that I'm his son?
It's not that... but I'm not allowed to transfer more than two lacs.
For that, I'll need to ask Mr. Safdar or Mr. Razi.
Mr. Razi?
When did he gain so much respect?
He's an employee like you, and he takes a salary from my father.
Don't ever say his name so respectfully in front of me again. Go and get me the money.
Fizza, it will be very hard for me to talk about it...
Why sister? What happened now?
Is aunt Shina creating a problem, or did brother Faizan say something?
No, it's nothing like that.
We're at a farmhouse. We'll spend two days here, so I can't come.
You should have told father that when he invited you.
actually Faizan's plan wasn't confirmed, that's why I said yes.
Are you sure?
That's the truth, right?
I don't know why, but I can't believe that's the truth.
It's such a happy occasion for me. It will be so upsetting for me if my sister isn't there.
Sister, what's the matter? Hello?
You didn't do right by my sister at all.
Hadia, you're crying?
What are you doing here so late at night? Is everything alright?
You're here as well, did I ask you anything?
No... I came here to walk and...
I came here to walk as well...
You're crying...
This is my personal matter... what's it to you?
Did Faizan say something to you?
I'm sorry, it's your personal matter.
But, I need to talk to you about something important.
There's nothing for us to talk about.
Hadia, would you like to explain this behavior of yours?
Not at all...
When you can do anything, then I don't have to answer anyone as well.
What did I do?
Should I tell you that?
Wow! You really are unaware!
It's better to be unaware than to be disloyal.
What are you two doing here alone, at this hour?
I came out here to walk and ran into her.
She was saying something about a school in Hyderabad.
Oh...
So you were telling him stories so late at night.
It would be better if you keep your stories restricted to yourself.
Your family's tales will eventually be revealed to everyone.
There is no need to beat a drum about them.
You don't even show some restraint to my guests!
Excuse me...
Wait, Razi!
It would be better if you go to your room.
You know that it was not my will...
to have you here.
Yes... but I also know that I'm here because of my uncle.
Not of my own will.
I didn't want to come here.
I don't care what you would have done and what you wouldn't have done.
But listen to something with open ears... I have a daughter at home...
And now a daughter-in-law. It would be better if you keep a distance from them...
Natasha is like my sister...
And Hadia...
Hadia is like my sister-in-law.
I respect both of them wholeheartedly
I live here as well and sometimes we will eventually meet each other.
Please, don't make an issue out of this again.
If uncle finds out, he will not like it
Good night.
The small house you come from... isn't it considered bad talking to someone...
so late at night?
What do you mean? I don't understand.
It's very clear what I said.
We might have been living in the US. But it was unacceptable to us that a married woman...
would talk to a strange man, out on the lawn, so late at night.
When her husband wasn't at home.
You have it wrong I was just...
He's not your brother, your cousin, your brother-in-law, or your friend.
The question does arise that why would you talk to him so late at night?
There is no need for you to be so informal with Razi.
I don't want to see you with Razi ever again, understand?
Are you ready?
Yes...
Come and have breakfast then.
I won't have breakfast today.
Why? It's not that late.
Safdar is at home as well.
I don't care if he's home, or not.
From now on I won't have breakfast with them.
Is everything alright... why are you so angry?
Tell me something... is this how we will return uncle's favors? By being humiliated every day?
What happened?
Why are you so angry? Did someone say something?
Are you angry at Faizan?
He dare not say anything to me...
Then tell me, what happened?
You can understand...
Aunt's daughter and daughter-in-law's honor is in danger because of me.
What are you saying?
I'm not saying this, auntie was saying it last night.
Why did Shina say something like that?
Last night, she saw me and Hadia talking.
But what need was there for you to talk to Hadia?
Mother, you know what was in my heart for Hadia. She doesn't know that
She had no right to say what she said. I have a sister here as well...
And Faizan roams around the entire house with no restraint. Did I ever say anything to her?
Please...
All of this has been mental torture.
I don't feel like living here anymore.
Do you know.. they are wealthy people...
Rich people who live in such big houses have a very small mentality and small hearts.
They are very selfish.
When they love someone, it's only for their gain.
And people like us, who live in humble abodes...
we sacrifice our self-respect to pay back the favors that were given to us.
Uncle Aleem might have married her daughter here, out of greed for money...
but I won't do that.
When I marry my sister I won't look at wealth or money...
I will only look at honor and respect.
Najma...
Yes?
Make coffee for me...
Sure...
Najma... do what you were doing. I'll make it.
Ramsha, I'm warning you... you won't come now.
Faizan....
No buts... if you want money, I'll send it to you.
No... it's not like that.
Oh, come on!
Why are you shy? You never hesitated before.
Has father's money ended?
Are you taunting me?
No, I'm joking. Tell me if you want it, and I'll send it to you.
Faizi, you know I would never have asked you. But I am having a tough time here...
My medicines...
Did I ask you the reason?
I'll send you the money... I can't send much right now...
Will five lacs be enough?
Alright... whatever is easy for you. Send me a picture of yours...
And next time, video chat with me.
Alright, I'll video call you next time and...
Eavesdropping...
Have you no shame?
Did your parents not teach you this?
I don't like his habit at all.
May you like this habit or not... or whether my parents taught me respect or not...
answer me this, is what you're doing okay?
What do you mean? What am I doing?
Don't you know what you're doing?
Is it okay talking to girls on the phone and sending them money, even though you have a wife?
You need to shut up Hadia.
Whatever I'm doing should be of no interest to you.
I'm warning you... from now on, if you eavesdrop on me...
then I don't know how I will react, but it will be very bad and it won't be good for you.
What?
Only five lacs... is that it?
He'll send it every month.
You are making a low-end deal..
You're saying that as if though I only have Faizan...
Yes, that's true... but I don't think this will last for long...
Look, you're not his employee.... he can forget you, or he might get upset...
or something else might happen...
What should I do then?
You wasted two crores... and I'm really upset at you for that.
For that amount, you could have bought a nice flat in Karachi.
There would have been someplace for us to live.
I've told you so many times, not to worry about this...
Faizan is under my thumb, pray that he marries me soon.
Sure... like his father will agree to it.
Who's asking him to agree?
For me, Faizan is enough. Once Faizan is mine, then everything he has is mine.
That's a nice dream.
It can come true if you help me, instead of cursing me.
Why would I curse you? I just don't understand your plan.
You will understand that soon enough. Just give me some time...
I'll force Faizan to do court-marriage...
That's fine...
why don't you convince Faizan to make arrangements for us to come back to Karachi?
He's asking me not to right now, but soon he will agree to it.
What about his wife over there?
You're so naive...
when I'll become his wife, she won't be anymore.
This week Faizan has arranged three buffet parties for his friends.
And he also arranged a personal party for his female friend.
Which friend?
A friend name Mona. This has all the details.
Bills, parties, buffet menu, all of it is there.
All of these bills have been paid by our company accounts.
He kept doing all this, why didn't you stop him?
Yes, uncle, I was unable to stop him.
I'm just an employee in this company and he...
he is the son of the owner of the restaurant.
On top of that, he also took five lac cash from the manager.
What?
you are sitting here!
He must be complaining about me...
but that's all he can do. He can't stop me.
I'm your son.
Razi..
From tomorrow, when any one of his friends shows up at the restaurant, you can shove him out. That's my order.
He can't stop me...
But I can, because I'm your father.
I didn't open this restaurant for your friends.
This is my restaurant, so what if my friends eat there?
Many charities offer food, so ask them to go there.
As far as my restaurant is concerned...
they will not get even get a glass of water from there.
Why did you take five lac rupees from Tajumbul?
I took it as my salary...
Five lac salary?
Do you know how much hard work it takes to earn five lacs?
If someone like you works hard all day...
in a month you'll only be able to earn ten thousand.
Why do you do this to me? Why do you humiliate me? What is this?
How much intelligent is he, that you give him so much importance over me...
Be respectful...
I can't respect him.
I will never respect anyone who turns you against me.
There is no need for anyone to turn your father against you...
Because of that, you're enough.
Razi...
Uncle...
Whatever arrangements you have with Faizan
should either be looked at by you or Sarfaraz.
Please keep me away from him.
Razi... my son wait and listen to me.
Uncle...
Whenever you call me, I'll be there...
but I can't tolerate it if someone talks about my loyalty and respect.
I beg you...
whatever it is between you two, please sort it out between yourselves.
Get out!
Father...
I said get out!
What happened Faizan?
Did something happen?
I don't know when will Safdar will realize that there is a difference between his son and other people.
But no... he will never admit it.
Don't mind sister...
but you won't like it if your son is dealt with unfairly.
Tell your son to take it easy, it's not his father's business, it's Faizan's father's business.
Eat.
How much longer will you stay angry at your son because of your nephew?
There is no need for anybody else to make me angry at him.
He's sufficient to do that for himself.
He's so arrogant and disrespectful. He respects no one... even though...
he doesn't have a single talent.
He will learn with time.
When will that time come?
He's not a school-going kid, he's a married man.
He knows how to waste money.
He knows how to be rude to people and he knows how to use his father's ATM.
What he doesn't know is, how to work.
I know very well why you and your son are jealous of Razi.
It's because he works 12 hours a day.
He wants to achieve something in life. He knows how to grow a business.
The restaurant is making great strides because of him, can your son do that?
Tea...
Did you talk to brother Rehman?
No.
I think we should go to their home, after all, they came here unannounced.
I'm a father of a daughter.
I've already expressed my wishes using words in disguise, only on your says-so.
There was a reason for their surprise visit to our home...
They wanted to see the environment of our house, and what did they see?
Our daughter's ill-mannered behavior.
Don't expect them to come back here.
What did Natasha do?
This is how all girls her age are...
Those old-fashioned days of parading a trolley are finished.
You need to take their thought out of your head.
I don't want to be embarrassed in front of them again.
If you want you can talk to a marriage bureau. Maybe they'll find a good relationship for our daughter.
A marriage bureau is out of the question.
It's hard to find good proposals in Pakistan.
And... I will not marry my daughter to just anyone. They should match my daughter's worth.
If a girl like Hadia can find a family like ours, then why not our daughter?
It's hard for me to explain things to you. Please let me read.
Brother Safdar is very nice, but I didn't enjoy meeting his family.
Especially his wife and daughter.
You're right, I felt that too.
They are too liberal.
It's obvious. They spent all their life in America.
That's no excuse.
We lived in Europe for ten years, but our daughter didn't become like them.
I have always maintained a standard of your family culture and etiquette.
To this day their in-laws have never complained about them.
We have to find a daughter-in-law from this circle.
And then... not everyone would have raised their daughters like us.
You'll have to compromise on that.
Out of the question...
the girl I've brought for Sufyan from this circle...
was a terrible decision.
That girl paid no heed to us and took Sufyan to California.
Let me tell you, I will find Nisar a good girl who will be like a daughter to me.
I don't care if she belongs to a middle-class family.
You might not have any objections, but your son might.
No, dad.
I have no issues with it.
Yes son, but we have to move with this society.
And people will talk if we take this decision.
To move forward we need to move with society.
Dad, I don't believe all that. All I want is an innocent girl, who is respectful.
It's better for me because I'm a doctor.
It doesn't matter if they are middle class, all that matter is that they are honorable
By God's good grace, my son's thinking is just like mine.
What can I do if you two agree? Find a simple girl for her then.
I don't want to find a simpleton for him. I want her to be educated and from a good family.
Did you see brother Safdar's daughter-in-law's younger sister? How did you like her?
Her... the one who is Safdar's friend's daughter.
I liked her a lot.
She was very mannered.
Safdar's daughter-in-law is very nice as well. I hope her younger sister is like her.
Alright, tell him that she topped her Fsc.
Nisar... if you don't have any objections should we talk to them about it.
If you guys don't mind, then I don't have any objections.
Make sure you tell them that we will marry after two years.
Sure... they won't be in a rush. It will take her at least four years to complete her medical.
Yes but, we can finalize things.
Whatever you guys think is best.
Then talk to brother Safdar...
Wait for now. It's not appropriate to talk to Safdar right now.
He's already mentioned his daughter to me...
God forbid I make his daughter my daughter-in-law. Out of the question!
But, for everything there is time. Give me some time.
We'll talk about it.
Yes, come in.
Uncle, these are some samples...
Very nice...
Razi, listen I won't be able to go to Malaysia.
 I was thinking of sending you to my place.
Uncle... me?
Yes, you. What's so wrong with it?
You have all the capabilities and you can handle the entire delegation.
Yes but... it's such a large project and...
I told you, son...
 I have no doubts about your intelligence and your capabilities.
I won't let you down.
Bless you.
Thank you.
So what if he's going to Malaysia? Let him go...
You don't understand. It's my right for me to go there.
I should be the one to represent my father's company. As the son of the CEO, I should have been the one to lead that delegation.
You're right... 
but I don't understand what magic he and his mother did on your father.
He doesn't listen to me or understand me. He just doesn't want to listen.
I don't care. 
Please... talk to him. Make him understand, tell him this is my right. I need to go there.
Faizan, I'm sorry, I can't. You have to convince your father. 
I can't be your lawyer every time.
Seriously?
Did I disturb you?
What is the matter?
I am very very sorry father.
I'm ashamed.
I want to ask for forgiveness.
What are you ashamed of?
Why are you asking for forgiveness?
For everything...
that has hurt you.
Father, I want to be the man you want me to become.
Please...
Please, forgive me.
If you want me to become Razi, then I will. 
But please, I need you to forgive me.
I will learn from him.
Just trust me. 
Give me some responsibilities, and I promise I won't let you down.
I will meet all of your expectations.
Please, father, forgive me.
Give me one chance.
Involve me in your meetings and business. 
I'm not saying I'll learn everything in a single day. Maybe I won't be able to provide any input at first, but I'll learn.
I want to learn. And I will learn.
I will become your ideal son.
I will become like Razi.
I will conduct all meetings and deals with your foreign clients as well.
Father, have you forgiven me?
I may make many mistakes in the beginning. But a man learns from his mistakes.
And with your guidance and your trust, I will learn to manage those mistakes.
Please trust me.
If you think it's right... you can send me in your place.
Alright...
Prepare to go to Malaysia. 
And Hadia will go with you.