How dare you call me?
Faizi please don't hang up without listening to me.
Ramsha I don't want to listen to you. You're a materialistic woman. You wanted money. You could have asked me but you struck a deal with my dad.
Faizi listen to me at least.
Enough Ramsha. Did you think I was lying to you or flirting with you? I really liked you Ramsha. I loved you.
I wanted to marry you you but you ruined everything.
Faizi listen to me or you'll feel that I deceived you, your entire life.
Enough! I don't want to listen to you. You deceived me. Don't ever call me again.
Hello? Faizan?
I will not spare you Faizan. I'll see how you get married.
You got yourself insulted, didn't you?
Are you satisfied now? You bragged that he couldn't live without you and he'd come running on one call.
What happened now?
Mom, it will happen. He will leave his wedding and come running.
For God's sake. You're still mistaken. Why would he come after you now? He knows your true face.
He knows you were deceiving him. He will not come for you now. I'd say leave him and find someone else.
You shouldn't have taken two billion from his father.
So what would we eat then? Dust?
So will we now live peacefully with this two billion? Find a permanent beneficial solution.
Mom, this is just the first installment.
Safdar Kamal and Faizan took Ramsha lightly. You'll see now how I treat that father and son duo.
Why? What will you do now? What is your plan?
I'm going back to Pakistan in the next flight.
Pakistan.
See, you look so good.
Faizi come see, the event's picture are here. See.
Not interested.
Come on. Your bride is beautiful. You'll like her.
You will like her. Take a look.
Why is she so sad? Is she also unhappy with the wedding like me?
You know what, this is what I thought too. She was very happy on the engagement.
But she was crying on the event. Brides don't really cry.
These girls are taught how to create a drama.
Their mothers properly train them to look sad even when they're happy because brides who cry are very innocent. God forbid.
Well these are double standards.
Of course.
But what if she isn't really happy about this wedding.
Are you kidding me Natasha?
A girl rejects Faizan's proposal? She will live like a princess here. She doesn't even know this isn't a house but a mansion.
You'll see, she will cry on the wedding day.
And that would be acting as well?
Of course. 
Aren't they more inspired from films and dramas?
But you tell me what plans do you have?
I have no plans and mom, not again please.
Natasha..
Do you think Faizan will accept you if you go back to Pakistan like this?
But mom I cannot sit here idle too.
I have to do something to get money from him.
Ramsha, you aren't trying to understand.
Faizan is very angry right now. He doesn't want to talk to you.
How will you wash the stain on your name even if you go to Pakistan?
Mom, you also always wanted money. You never gave your daughter any sane advice.
Alright, if you want to teach Faizan and his father a lesson, do as I say. First of all calm down the fire in his heart?
But how mom? I don't know.
That mutual friend of yours. Talk to him. Maybe he finds a way and you can cheat Faizan.
Zohaib?
Yes that's a good idea. Zohaib and Faizan are very good friends and Faizan always listens to him. I've done do much for Zohaib. He'll have to help me.
Then don't waste time. We have almost lost all our savings. The sooner Faizan's heart softens, the sooner will our bank accounts fill up.
You don't lack anything but when girls see more opportunities, they do what Hadia did. But its not her fault as well.
Faizan's proposal was very attractive.
So your innocent face hid a materialistic soul that I couldn't see.
My love, my honesty, my accomplishments? Nothing impressed you? You just wanted wealth?
It will be difficult to come right now. I'll ask Razi to contact you. Thank you.
Yes uncle?
Dear, the event management is calling and I cannot leave because we have back to back meetings. Please go yourself and see everything. The entourage is about to reach Hyderabad.
Sure, I'll go and see.
Thank you dear. Bye.
You aren't ready yet? You know we have a 4 o clock appointment. The services take time, do you want to come home at night.
Cancel everything please. I'll just get ready tomorrow.
They aren't a waste of money. Its important to get the services. You need to get  your hair dyed. We cannot cancel anything.
They aren't important. The salon just wants to make money. Also I have a headache. 
You will have a headache, you've been crying continuously.
Fizza can't you..
Fizza?
Please get ready, we're getting late. Mom is calling me. Yes mom?
Fizza? Why haven't you guys left? Aren't you getting late?
We are. We should leave right away but Hadia isn't getting up.
Do one thing, get your dad's black waistcoat from the wardrobe. This isn't matching.
You're right. I'll go get it.
Khadijah is there anything left? I'm going to the market. There's so much to do.
Should I get the black waistcoat?
Decide for yourself. I'm going to get the work done.
Black will be fine.
Hello Ramsha where are you lost?
Didn't I tell you I was shifting to Dubai?
You did but you told me that you'd be back in a few days.
I did want to come back but...
But what? I think you had a fight with Faizan again.
Not a fight.
Actually I broke up with Faizan.
What?
Yes his dad didn't want us to get married.
And you're telling me this right now. Even Faizan didn't tell me anything.
You told me you'd come back from Dubai in a few days.
Sherry, I'll answer all your questions, but right now, I need your help. Please just do as I say.
What game life has played with me? This misunderstanding. He didn't tell me his name and even I didn't ask. But was this mistake such a big crime,
that I got such a big punishment. I'll be spending my life with a person I have never seen or loved.
My ill fortune is that I'll be living my life without the person I loved so much. No.
I'm not going to gamble on my life. I'll ask him why did he give me false hopes. Why did he make me dream? Why did he lie to me.
Razi, why haven't you gone to work yet? Is everything alright? Answer me. 
Mom, uncle wants me to look after everything for the reception.
Yes but..
Razi.. you have a call.
Why is she calling? Hadia why don't you leave my son alone.
Wretched woman. Why doesn't she hold back even when she knows she's marrying someone else.
This short lived love story is so important to you that you'll gamble our respects for that. We brought you up for so many years. Good education, good food, good clothes, did we not give you everything?
The entire neighborhood looks up to us with respect. Your father spent his entire life trying to earn respect and you want to throw everything away for that boy? Had he been serious Hadia..
Mom, he isn't like that.
Not like that? Why was he late then? He could have talked to us directly rather than talking to you. He could have sent his mother.
Hadia, you know dear, that you will not get your love back if you contact him now. You'll only give this world a chance to point fingers at your upbringing.
Even if I wanted to help you, I won't now. Respect is that the only earning in our life and we cannot let just everything go for an unknown boy. You're very sensible.
You'll bear the burden of whatever you do. If you'll listen to me, you'll go with Fizza. You're getting married today.
How are you? I know you're getting married but at least answer your call. She's been calling you since long.
Who are you talking about? Don't tell me its Ramsha.
First listen to her and then be angry.
If you want to favor her, leave. I don't want to talk to anyone who favors her. She didn't even tell me Zohaib.
She insulted me and my love. She took two billion from my father and didn't even tell me. Who is she? I befriend hundreds of women like her everyday and then break it off.
Who does she think she is? She misused my father's simplicity.
Simplicity? Your father?
Man if your father is so simple, ask him why did he give her two billion.
Because he didn't want me to marry her. I made a commitment to her. She should have given me time. She should have trusted me.
But she was greedy. She took two billion from my father and ran away.
She couldn't do anything else. Your father threatened her and her mother with their life. She saved her life. He didn't even give them time.
Ramsha's mother has lung cancer. Her operation was canceled because of your father. She took money from your dad so that she could get her treatment abroad.
But your father didn't do right by her and neither you're doing good. She loves you and you're marrying someone else.
I'm helpless. I cannot do anything. Had she given me some time I would have done something.
What is it? This mansion has its daughter's wedding but the daughter isn't happy. We have happiness knocking on its doors but our hearts aren't happy.
Please forgive me my child. I couldn't help you even if I wanted to.
Khadijah you're here, right now. You're crying?
No. My eyes just welled up thinking my daughter is getting married. Hadia spoiled me. She took care of everything. I didn't have to worry about anything. The flour,
the feed for the pigeons, what to give to whom, what to cook for occasions, I never had to think about anything.  How will I handle everything. You know Fizza very well.
Don't worry. Hadia might mind and say why didn't we do it earlier but we should get a maid. It will be easy for you and Fizza as well.
And we have Guddo. He will bring the groceries and give them to her like he gave to Hadia. Also why is there no music today?
Actually the girls have gone to the salon, we'll do everything once they're back.
Is there anything else? See I know you're not happy with this wedding but trust God and hope for the best. God knows I accepted this proposal because I know it was best for Hadia.
Yes.
She is my heart. If she's sad, I'll not be able to survive.
I have gotten your dress ready. I have the brown and black waistcoat. See what you like.
And will you wear your red dress? I'll just go and check the arrangements.
Dear you're here. I was looking for you everywhere.
I was looking over the plans that you gave. Half the work is done. I was thinking you were in a haste getting everything ready before the wedding but you were right.
See I've been busy since morning and only half of the work is done.
I'm proud of you my dear. If only he was as responsible as you. See he's getting married and he doesn't even bother.
The office..
No office dear. We're not going to work for a week.
But uncle, you shouldn't be going to work but I have so much to do.
Dear, let it be. We cannot leave everything to the wedding planner. Lets have fun for a week and then we'll work.
Alright.
Dear I want you to focus on Faizan as well. Take him to the salon and get him a nice haircut and make him try his wedding dress.
I think if you tell him he'll be more interested. Also the jewelry is with the jeweler we'll have to pick that up. Take this card.
Sure.
May you be blessed.
Why isn't Zohaib answering my phone. I've been calling him. Is he dead!
Hello Ramsha?
Where were you Zohaib. Why weren't you answering?
Did his heart soften?
It will. He will accept you?
Really? Are you telling the truth?
Yes after meeting him I realized he still likes you.
You have entrapped him very well in your love.
Once someone is serenaded by me, he cannot forget me until I want that to happen.
I have said as it is like you told me. I saw he really hates his dad.
Yes this is what I want. Faizan should hate his dad and accept me.
Nobody can come between me and Faizan.
Right now they're preparing for the wedding but I don't think he'll get married.
He will not accept anybody other than me.
Alright dear bring everything in. Aleem you've given your daughter, you didn't have to give us anything. Whatever Hadia needs,
I would bring everything myself. But you never listened to me.
Safdar I trust you more than myself but which father will get his daughter married empty handed.
Fathers collect everything the day his daughters are born.
You're right Aleem. In fact Sheena is here. Sheena see Aleem has sent so much.
Safdar what is this? Whose things are there? Why is this trash here?
Faizan's in laws have sent this dowry. Please bring everything inside.
Didn't you tell Aleem that I didn't want this trash furniture. Isn't it enough that his daughter was coming here and now this trash. I don't have space in the store room.
I'll call you back once everything is settled.
Alright. Fine.
Didn't they like everything?
No. Its not that. In fact he was praising everything but Safdar was saying that he didn't want any dowry and yet we sent so much.
Is this the way to talk? Did you look t the way you're talking?
I'm fed up. Don't lecture me. I've had enough. You chose your daughter in law and now this trash. We only have furniture in Faizan's room worth 3 million. Is this worth that?
At least listen. Sheena don't make a spectacle in front of people. Razi is inside please take it in.
He is her father, he can send whatever he wants for his daughter whether thousands or millions. We shouldn't be saying anything.
Now you'll care for their emotions. Had they wanted to give something, they could have given cash to their daughters.
Don't worry about Faizan. I'll handle him. Razi set everything in Faizan's room.
And as far as the furniture is concerned, I'll cancel the order right now.
Cancel what do you mean? How can you just cancel?
Let it be.
Please take everything inside. Be careful.
Hadia's dad.. If there isn't anything why do you have the long face?
Khadijah you go to the roots of everything.
Its a wedding. It must be a father with a stone heart who will not tear up.
I cannot believe this. Dad can go to this limit. He did do much because of a mistake but I don't think he was mistaken. Its his plan. He wanted me to marry the girl of his choice so he did this. He shot two birds with one arrow.
But dad forgot tht I'm his son. He'll now see what I do with his daughter in law.
Are you eavesdropping on me
Are you mad? Senile people talk to themselves. There's nobody around. Who were you talking to?
Why are you here?
To get your room set. Hadia..
Your in laws sent dowry.
Dad said everything will be coming from the showroom. What dowry then?
Its canceled. You'll have everything they sent. Its outside. Go and see.
See Faizan, if you're really interested it will help me. Uncle said it needs to be set right now.
Get it done, I'm not interested.
Faizan.. 
In what? To get everything set or in your marriage?
In the marriage.
Then you must not be interested in your bride. 
Then why did you say no?
You don't know dad. He listens to nobody except himself.
I didn't know you were such a coward.
You're also here. You knew that we didn't like you staying here but still you came. You couldn't say no.
You're right. I couldn't say no to uncle but my situation is different.
This wedding is the biggest decision in one's life. What is it about me? I'll leave after the reception. But can you?
Come on. Lets go to the salon.
For what?
Come on you're getting married. You'll be the groom.
I would have gone had the bride been of my choice.
Don't tell me man. Do you like someone else? Don't worry. Tell me openly. Think of me as your friend or your brother. We should only marry the person we love.
Whats the problem? If you're not happy, why are you getting married?
Dad praised Hadia very much. He said she would change my life. Frankly this lifestyle is tiring for me. I'm tired.
I'm getting tired of this. Marrying her will change my lifestyle and I might fall in love with her. You never know. In fact its good that we should go to the salon. I'm the groom. I should look good.