Why are you sitting here alone?
Fizza is studying in my room, that's why I came here.
Alright. Look, Safdar will scold me into the afterlife if something happens to your health.
So please take care of yourself and that unborn child as well.
I will try to do so.
I know that you neglect others whilst trying to make others happy.
But leave that habit for now. Focus on yourself and your husband.
Go out somewhere with Faizan and keep yourself dressed up.
A husband needs his wife's attention.
And yes... if Safdar has called Fizza here, then tell her that he has called her here to take care of you.
Not to think that this is her home. She should take care of you.
Understand? So tell her!
What a time it was when my father used to tell me to marry Razi, and I used to refuse.
And now, I've started liking him so much that even thinking of losing him, scares me.
Thank God there is no one in Razi's life.
Greetings mother, how are you?
Greetings to you too. Have you reached your hostel?
No, I'm at sister's home.
I went to university, I took my class, and came here.
Why? You should have gone to your hostel.
That was the plan, but uncle Safdar called me here.
Why? What happened? Is Hadia well?
Yes, she is. If I tell you something, promise me that you won't tell sister and you won't ask her questions about it as well.
Fizza enough... tell me what happened.
Mother, sister is not happy at her home.
There's a reason why I'm worried sick for her.
Brother Faizan doesn't give her time at all.
He doesn't take care of her at all. I've been here for a while...
and I haven't seen them talking. Natasha and aunt Shina don't talk to her as well.
Sister doesn't take care of herself either. Brother Faizan comes home so late. He doesn't talk to her or take care of her.
I don't understand what's happening.
Stay there, my dear.
I'll bring your father to Karachi tomorrow. I'll bring her back here. She'll stay with us until she haves her baby.
I will talk to brother Safdar as well. He made such big promises when he took her away.
He said that there never will be tears in her eyes. But as soon as he took her there, he left her, like she had no family.
Mother...
Khadija...
What happened? Is everything alright?
I'll talk to you later.
We're going to Karachi tomorrow.
Khadija tell me what happened.
So much happened and Hadia didn't tell us.
You know how Hadia is living there. There is no one to take care of her there.
Sister Shina and brother Safdar aren't taking care of her. Even in her state.
Will she have to fight for her husband's attention in her state?
I told you that she won't be happy there.
I don't care what happens. We'll go there tomorrow and bring our daughter here.
So much happened and Hadia didn't tell us anything.
There is a reason I was worried for her. I could feel that she was in trouble, but you didn't listen to me.
All you see is your friends and their luxuries.
You don't see your daughter's pain.
What are you saying?
I chose Faizan for my daughter so that he may give her all the happiness...
that we couldn't give her.
What's the point of living in palaces, if the people inside are hardhearted?
My daughter's heart is made of wax...
Still, she tolerated all that pain, so that we may be at ease.
We'll leave for Karachi in the morning.
So much happened, I don't know how Hadia is tolerating all of this.
I will bring my daughter back and I will ask them...
I will ask them why they lied about Faizan to us.
They betrayed us...
Enough Khadija. We'll talk to them tomorrow. I will ask Safdar...
My dear child.
I'm tired of this. You told me that you had no interest in Hadia and that you will leave her.
But now she's pregnant, now it's harder for you to leave her.
Very convenient.
I will not tolerate any compromise with my child. I will not let any injustice happen to it.
And now it's time for you to decide about your future. Otherwise, I won't let you see my and my child's face.
Ramsha, what is it? Why are you calling me right now?
Faizan, where are you? I've been waiting for you for ages.
Ramsha, please...
Faizan, I'm pregnant as well...
I need your care and your attention as well.
The way you take care of Hadia and give her attention...
I need all of that too and listen to me, I won't let you treat me unjustly anymore.
Tell me, when are you coming to me?
Hello... hello?
Are you spying on me? I have a right to spy on you.
Okay then. Do it, I don't care.
Faizan, you are being unjust to me.
And you? What are you doing?
Alleging me doesn't put a veil over your deeds.
I know that you've been having this affair for a long time.
So what? What will you do about it?
One thing is for sure, I will not stay silent. No matter who she is, you'll have to leave her now.
Otherwise, I will tell my father and yours. They too should know...
Who is this girl who calls you in the middle of the night? What relationship do you have with her?
Tell me...
Faizan...
Hello...
I apologize for disturbing you...
Who's this?
Fawad...
You?
No matter how many times you block my number, I'll call you with a new number every time.
You are lucky, I was about to complain about you to the principal.
But you didn't do that. I'm sure your heart must have stopped you.
If you had complained and if I had endured a loss, then you would have had to pay a heavy price for that.
What nonsense is this? What would you have done?
You would have known that if I had done that.
Right now I'm at your relative's house. Where you're living right now.
You left your assignment at the cafeteria today, come and take it.
Right now?
Have you seen the time? This is not the time to visit someone's home. Take it with you, I'll take it from you tomorrow, at the university.
Should I come inside?
Are you insane? I'll take it tomorrow from you.
I can't guarantee tomorrow...
Who knows that I might lose it tonight.
Don't throw it away, I worked hard on it.
Who's throwing it away? This is very close to my heart.
Give it to the guard outside and begone.
That won't happen!
I came here from very far away. Come outside and take this away from me.
Give me the assignment and begone.
I'm warning you one last time. Either give it to me or begone from here, I'll make a new one.
Will you work so hard again?
Safdar, come here.
What happened?
Come here, I want to show you something.
What is it?
Who are these two?
I don't know about the guy, but the girl...
is Fizza...
What are you saying?
How can that be?
Stand here and look for a while and you'll know it.
Wait a minute, what's the hurry? Look at this.
How did you like that? You mentioned going to the dean and complaining about me.
If you go there, in return I have this present for you.
How do you like that?
I could never imagine that you could be so vile.
I will complain about you. You will learn when your career is ruined.
Alright sure, complain about me. But remember, if you do complain about me...
then these pictures will go to your fiance. After that, if your life gets ruined...
then let it be.
What do you want from me?
I only want to become your friend.
I don't want to see your face and you're asking me to become your friend.
Alright fine. When your family learns about this, all of them will spit at you for this.
Because these pictures and videos are going viral on social media.
Do whatever you want, I won't be scared by your threats. Begone!
Do you believe it now seeing it with your own eyes?
Go and ask her, who that man was and why she was meeting him like this.
Shina, I'll find the right time to talk to her about it.
You will not say anything to Hadia or Fizza about this. Please...
Alright, Alright sure, complain about me. But remember...
if you do complain about me, then these pictures will go to your fiance. After that, if your life gets ruined...
After that, if your life gets ruined, then let it be.
I don't want to see your face and you're asking me to become your friend.
Alright fine...
When your family learns about this, all of them will spit at you for this. Because these pictures and videos will be viral on social media.
Why do you think I'm obligated to answer you? Do whatever you want. I'm not scared anymore.
I will have affairs, I will meet her every day and I'll marry her as well.
I will not let you do that.
Who are you to stop me?
You have lost rights over me.
You are wrong. You know that you are being unjust to me!
To hide your sins you're being unjust to me. But I won't tolerate it anymore, I'll tell father everything.
Stop threatening me with father.
I told you, I don't get scared of your threats anymore.
I'll do as I feel like. I will have affairs and marriages.
Do whatever you want.
Faizan! Faizan!
Sister...
Fizza...
Faizan...
I know everything, I've seen it.
What's my fault in this? He's being disloyal to me and alleging me for it.
Control yourself. We won't stay here anymore, we'll go home. I didn't like brother Faizan treat you like this.
No, mother and father shouldn't find out about this.
Why? Why do you want to hide this from everyone?
Thank God that I saw this myself.
You never tell us anything.
This has gone long enough. I will everyone about this.
This will only make matters worst and I don't want to destroy my home.
Control yourself, sister.
You will not say a word to anyone.
No... I won't hide anything from anyone. It's not good to hide things from parents.
You tolerated as much as you, no more.
No, you won't say a word to your mother and father.
You will not say anything.
Control yourself and stop crying.
I'm fine.
Mother and father shouldn't know about this.
Mother, did you call me?
Yes, my dear.
Tell me, do you need to go to work tomorrow?
Mother, I have a meeting, other than that, if you have something I'll try to manage it.
I came to tell you at night, but you were sleeping.
Actually, some people are coming to see Farwa tomorrow.
Really... that's good. Who are they?
They are strangers. The matchmaker I asked to find a proposal for you was telling me...
that she has an acquaintance with a family, whose son is educated, and with a good job.
I decided to invite them tomorrow. This way we'll meet them and see what kind of family they are.
What do you say?
That's very good. What about Farwa's education?
They have no objections.
Alright. Can you invite them this evening?
I will invite them tomorrow if I show haste it won't leave a good impression.
And besides... I need to talk about this with Safdar as well.
And... then I will invite them tomorrow.
Alright, mother.
As you wish. I was going for a walk...
Should I bring something back for you?
Not for me, but I was thinking of buying new clothes for Farwa.
That's a good idea. It would be better if Farwa chooses her dress.
That's true. Let her buy for herself.
Tell me... the pictures I showed you, did you like a girl from among them?
Mother, let Farwa get married first, then we'll take a look at it.
Did you ask Farwa if she was willing to marry or not?
My dear, she has left everything to us.
Still mother, you should know Farwa's opinion.
Only Farwa has the right to choose the man. I won't say yes if Farwa doesn't like the guy.
Of course, I want that too. I want Farwa to make her life decisions.
Show me the pictures, and let me see how the man looks.
Here you go.
Good morning*
How do you feel now?
I feel better, but I still have a headache. You fought with Hadia last night, right?
No... the way you were talking in your sleep, it seemed that way.
I was tired, and one can say anything when they are sleepy.
But Faizan, you refused to come here...
Yes, but I realized that you might need me here that's why I came here.
It's a call from the office.
Hello...
Cancel it, I'll take a look at it later.
Faizan, since when you've started ignoring Hadia?
What's the matter Ramsha?
Is there no other topic you can talk about other than Hadia?
Alright relax, I won't talk about Hadia.
We'll talk about something else. Did your position at work get stronger?
I'm trying. It will happen.
Shall I make breakfast for you?
No, not now, in a little while.
Uncle Safdar, you called me?
Sit down.
Yes?
My dear, who was that guy who came to meet you last night?
He is my class fellow...
Why was he here?
My assignment was left with him, he came to return it.
In the middle of the night?
Look, my dear...
I trust you.
You are my brother Aleem's daughter and hence you are my daughter as well.
I'm not suspecting you, but the society we live in...
we need to be careful of the way it works.
No matter if he's your college friend...
I have no objection if you exchange notes with each other...
but in the middle of the night, you can call him home. I have no objections, I allow you to...
But my dear it would be better...
from now on he doesn't come home, especially not at night.
Yes, I won't give you a chance to complain again.
Bless you. You can go.
Sister...
What happened Fizza?
Sister...
Tell me what happened. I've been wanting to talk to you since last night but...
but...
Stop crying and tell me what happened.
Fawad came here last night...
He came here and uncle Safdar saw him as well. He threatened me as well. I don't know what will happen now.
What?
Yes... he told me that he'll do something that will defame me in front of everybody
He also told me that he will tell Nisar everything as well. What will I do now?
How dare he!
How could he stoop so low?
You should have complained about him for a long time. You are late.
I was thinking of his career. I didn't want to ruin it.
To hell with him. He doesn't deserve to be thought of in a good way.
Anyways... we can't change what happened. We need to think carefully about this now.
But what will I do now? Look, he's calling me... I won't pick up his call.
Pick up and talk to him...
No sister...
Pick up and listen to what he has to say.
Hello... why are you calling me now?
It's nothing bad, it's a surprise. You will get a surprise from me today.
This was my last call to you, because from now on...
you will call me...
Hello... what are you saying...
What is he saying?
Miss Hadia your parents are here.
Mother and father...
Don't tell them anything, they will be so worried.
You will not say a word.
I will take care of this. We'll do something about this.
Alright, go ahead. I'll wash my face.
Wipe your tears and come downstairs. I'll deal with my mother and father.
It's been a while since we met you.
Yes, we do visit you guys often, but it seems you guys have forgotten the way to our home.
Hadia is dropped off by the driver as well.
Faizan has joined work nowadays, so he stays busy with that.
Faizan is something special.
He didn't visit us even when he didn't go to work.
Razi my dear, what's going on nowadays?
Nothing special, I mostly stay in the office and I do not find much time off.
That's great. Sister Sajda...
when are you marrying Razi then?
Brother, I explain that to him a lot but he doesn't listen to me. Please try to make him understand...
Why don't you agree Razi? This house should have a second daughter-in-law.
Greetings.
Greetings to you too.
Greetings to you too. How are you Hadia?
What is the matter Hadia? Are you feeling well?
You look diminished, is everything alright?
No... I am taking care of myself. Continue sitting, I'll go check what's happening in the kitchen.
Hadia is perfectly well, we've been taking good care of her. Maybe you feel that way because you're seeing her after a long time.
I think you should focus on your daughter Fizza...
She seems lost and diminished nowadays, right Fizza?
What is the matter, my dear?
Nothing, everything is alright.
Sister, children tend to get this way when they are burdened with education.
Yes, brother... I wanted to take your permission on something brother...
I wanted to take away Hadia with me.
Why not? You can take her away whenever you want.
Rather... if you allow it I would like Hadia to stay with us until the delivery.
Till the delivery? There's a lot of time in that, how is that possible?
Yes... I don't see anything wrong with it...
Besides, I think maybe Faizan gets disturbed when she's here.
What do you mean?
Nothing. I just want my daughter to be happy.
That has a good effect on the baby.
Sister, you can take Hadia with you for as long as you want. But our house won't be the same without her.
I won't let you guys leave without having dinner. This way the driver will drop you guys off in the evening as well.
No brother, there's no need for that. We'll just leave.
Right, dear?
We can't allow you to leave without having dinner.
Nisar is here nowadays... let's invite brother Rehman and his family.
All of us will sit together and have lunch. What do you think Fizza?
Brother Aleem, I think you should marry them both.
The circumstances nowadays are very bad. This way they'll be saved from a lot of bad.
Sister... I'm not only looking to marry them both...
rather I want to send her away immediately after she gets married.
After her education is over.
That is four years from now.
Lord knows what might happen in between all these years.
Shina please, she is his daughter and he knows better.
Brother Rehman calling.
Excuse me.
Greetings.
You have embarrassed us, brother Aleem. Why did you engage your daughter with our son, when she was involved with someone else?
What are you saying brother Rehman, I don't understand that at all.
We have received some pictures of your daughter with one of her class fellows.
She set a hundred conditions with Nisar, but she was so casual with that boy in those photographs.
We were impressed by you people, but it seems like we were wrong.
Brother Nisar.
You have it wrong.
No, we don't. Everything is clear.
You have deceived us. But we are honorable people
We don't understand your hypocrisy. We have been embarrassed in our extended family.
Think that this relationship is over...
Brother Rehman...
Father, what happened?
Brother Aleem, tell me what happened.
Uncle, is everything okay?
Everything is over.
What?