You're right. If this is the case, you should have brought along sister Shina.
Of course, you're right. As I said, she'll visit in a few days.
I came here to resolve matters of the mosque with brother Aleem.
While I was here, I decided to tell you what was going on in my heart.
Can we answer you back after talking to each other about it?
But I want the answer to be yes.
I want to make Hadia my daughter-in-law and take her away from here, today.
So that's why you were so shy.
Brother Faizan turned out to be very clever, he sent a proposal so quickly.
Silence yourself, someone will hear you.
This is called true love. Are you shy?
Enough!
Did you serve the tea?
Yes, and everyone praised the tea as well.
I want to marry Faizan and Hadia...
as soon as possible.
 Don't worry, there will be no shortage on our end.
She'll have every luxury in this world. 
I'm not talking here away from here as my daughter-in-law...
but as my daughter. That is my promise to you.
Yes, brother, there is no doubt about that, but...
we haven't seen Faizan in such a long time.
We saw him when he was a child, and that was a long time ago. 
Also, we need to take Hadia's approval as well.
Yes sure... ask Hadia. Let her ask, I don't have any objections.
Khadija, Safdar is my childhood friend...
You know that and it's hard to find a good man like him.
Obviously, his son would be like him. As far as Hadia is concerned, I know...
that whatever decision we take for her, she'll accept it. 
We won't be able to find a better proposal for her than this.
Now bring something sweet.
But...
No buts... this is a moment of happiness...
And I've never let Safdar return empty-handed and...
I won't let him return empty-handed today...
Bring something sweet.
She is a mother, and she's bound to be a little cautious.
Brother Aleem, I think that sister has some concerns over Shina. She didn't seem happy.
It's nothing like that Safdar. 
Women are bound to say something.
Brother Aleem, believe me...
My son is a smart and sober man.
He's helping me out with my business...
I have decided to hand over a franchise to him.
He's come here from abroad, so he's a little different. But he is a man of simple taste.
As far as Shina is concerned, I'll bring her here next time.
I told you...
Safdar...
why are you explaining yourself? 
I know that your son is just like you.
And I have no worries regarding Faizan in my heart.
Thank you.
Greetings...
It seems you were waiting for my call.
No, it's nothing like that.
I was near the phone, that's why I picked it up on the first ring.
It seems you tend to live in false happiness.
And only you have the treatment for this sickness.
What sickness and what treatment?
Just tell me, what does your heart say to you about me?
Think that my sickness will cure itself if you tell me.
I think your sickness is untreatable.
No...
Hadia, if I ask you a question, will you answer me honestly?
How do I seem to you?
What if I don't answer?
Then don't.
Whatever you wish... but Hadia...
I know that the emotions I have for you are similar to the emotions you have for me.
The only difference is that you hesitate in expressing them, but one day you'll have to.
I know that...
Hadia... believe me...
My emotions for you are pure.
I've fallen in love with you...
Not only do I love you, but I respect you with all my heart.
Believe me...
You will not regret marrying me, I promise you...
Are you listening?
Hello...
Hello...
You shouldn't have agreed so quickly. You could have at least asked for more time.
We should have asked Hadia, you agreed without asking her.
He asked for Hadia's hand so respectfully, that I wasn't able to refuse.
You were wrong to do that. 
I'm not saying that you should have refused but you should have asked for more time.
I can't imagine my daughter being Shina's daughter-in-law. You know how she is...
She didn't even come here, Lord knows how she will treat my daughter.
Tell me, what do we know about Faizan, we haven't even met him. 
He's come here from abroad...
We don't know how nature is... will Hadia be able to manage with him, or not?
Don't worry about Faizan...
He's Safdar Kamal's son...
And like how daughters resemble their mothers, similarly sons are just like their fathers.
Safdar was telling me that he is a smart and sober man.
And he helps out Safdar in his business as well.
I don't know...
My heart doesn't agree with this. It feels that we're doing something wrong.
You shouldn't have agreed so quickly...
Khadija...
Don't worry for no reason. Everything will be alright, have faith in God.
And we'll meet Faizan in a few days, and as far as Hadia is concerned...
I won't take any decision against her will...
I will go and talk to her right now.
Alright?
Hadia, my dear.
Father, you should have called me.
Keep sitting.
I needed to talk to you.
Sure, father...
You know how Safdar and I are old friends.
And now he wants that we turn this friendship into a relationship.
To tell you the truth, I want this as well.
He was here to ask your hand in marriage for his son.
I have no objections to this proposal.
But, before I give a final answer, I'd like to know your opinion.
Without it, I will take no decision.
Whatever you and mother decide...
I will accept it.
Bless you, my dear.
May God bless you with happiness.
Uncle, you went to Hyderabad yesterday?
Yes, I had to go there to take care of documentation for our mosque. 
I also met my brother Aleem and talked to him about Faizan's marriage.
I needed to talk to brother Aleem...
but I decided that I should take your advice first.
Coincidentally I need your advice as well, rather I have an announcement.
What kind of announcement?
I went to my brother Aleem and I requested him...
I asked for Hadia's hand for Faizan and thank God that he said yes.
You know brother Aleem's elder daughter Hadia, right?
Yes...
I know her. I've decided that...
on the sacred day of Friday, we'll arrange a small gathering and on that day we'll decide the date of the wedding.
My son's wedding will be arranged with all pageantry.
Razi just left, he'll be taking care of all the arrangements. 
Sister, you have to do all of the shopping with Shina and Farwa...
you have to invite all of your friends and have a grand time. After all your brother is getting married.
Sure, uncle.
Thank God for this... go ahead and eat.
Razi... listen to me.
You were late.
What should I have done? Everything was in front of you...
You shouldn't have wasted a day coming here. Look how I've endured a loss now.
Yes, we've endured a loss, I do know that.
No...
You don't know... if you had, then you wouldn't have wasted so much time being courteous.
You shouldn't have waited to ask permission from uncle to go talk to uncle Aleem.
Listen to me... I'll talk to Safdar.
What will you say to him?
Will you ask him to take his son's proposal back, because you want to marry your son to Hadia?
For God's sake mother...
Leave me alone.
I'm not in the position to speak right now, I just want to sleep.
Farwa, you can leave as well...
Please...
How can she do this to me?
She knew I loved her.
I shared my feeling with her as well.
Still, she left me and agreed to marry Faizan.
She betrayed me.
She wronged me.
She made a fool out of my love and emotions.
She wasn't right to do this.
Maybe, uncle, Aleem forced her...
No, I know him, they are very respectful people.
I'm sure that uncle Aleem will never force his daughter.
Should I say something if you don't take it the wrong way?
It's possible that she doesn't like you.
She's never...
been clear to me.
She didn't stop me... she always answered me.
She used to wait for my calls. Then what was all of that?
I should tell uncle that I love Hadia and...
No brother...
No...
If you do this then everything will go bad.
I don't have any other choice, what else should I do?
I feel as though I'll die without her.
Sister!
What?
What are you thinking about? Is everything alright? You look busy in thought.
It's nothing...
Sure, I know that very well and I've been noticing it for the past few days...
Ever since father mentioned brother Faizan's proposal to you...
there has been a different smile on your face.
What is the matter?
It's nothing like that, I'm always happy.
That is true, you always stay happy and keep others happy as well...
But since the past few days, there has been a completely different reason for your happiness.
Will you tell me, or should I? Okay, let me tell you...
It seems that brother Faizan is the reason behind this smile, right?
Silence yourself Fizza! Don't you have studying to do today? Go and study.
Sure, I'll do that. But tell me what you were thinking.
Go away from here...
Alright, don't be shy, I'm leaving.
We don't have much time, but I'll talk to Khadija.
Farewell.
I think he wants to get the engagement and the marriage over with as soon as possible.
But, I've asked him for a month.
Only a month?
How will I prepare for everything in such a short amount of time?
They said that they don't want anything, then what's the need in preparing anything?
What should we do then? Send our daughter there empty-handed?
Thank God we have everything.
Then why do you want to embarrass us in front of everybody?
Whatever is ours belongs to our daughter and I will give my daughter everything that we can offer.
So that she may never be taunted by her in-laws.
But Safdar has strictly refused a dowry.
He even said that even if we send a needle, he'll send it back.
Besides, he's taking Hadia as his daughter, not a daughter-in-law.
I have full faith in brother Safdar...
But forgive me, I don't have any expectations from my sister-in-law.
You might have said, otherwise I wouldn't have agreed without verifying everything.
You're repeating the same old things. Listen to me...
If they have refused to take a dowry, then why should we hurt them?
I will make him aware that all the property I have will be equally divided between both of my daughters.
Alright?
Alright.
Don't worry... and would you please get me a glass of cold water?
Sure
Greetings.
Father will be here in a while, you can call back later.
Farewell.
It seems that you're waiting for someone's call.
No, it's nothing like that.
Oh really... anyways...
uh...
He didn't call you once since yesterday, right?
It might be that he's afraid of his father, or that he's busy.
Yes, that's true. I think he truly loves you, that's why he send a proposal.
Do you know...
Ask me what...
Speak...
Uncle Safdar and auntie are coming here to conduct the ritual.
And you're telling me this now!
Better late than never.
What will I wear?
We'll decide that soon, but do you know what the best part is...
it's possible that he might come along as well.
Really... no way!
We'll go early in the morning and go shopping.
Done!
Faizan, you need to come with us, otherwise, you know your dad will get upset
I don't care.
What do you mean you don't care? How will we conduct the engagement then? What will they think?
I only agreed to marry her because of you, I have no interest in Hadia.
It's for your betterment that you marry Hadia...
Otherwise, your father would have taken away your inheritance. If I hadn't made this plan...
then maybe you wouldn't have been in this home.
Come with me.
I don't want to go! You guys go ahead with the engagement. I'll come on the wedding day.
I asked him... I pleaded but he was adamant that he won't go.
Shina, Faizan has to put the ring on Hadia. 
Besides, brother Aleem and sister want to meet him.
It was hard for me to convince him, don't put to much pressure on him.
What if he does something regrettable out of anger?
What will I say to them?
You should have thought of that before.
Alright...
We'll make an excuse, I'll put the ring on Hadia, besides I think that...
they won't like the girl and the boy sitting down and talking to each other before the wedding.
Yes, you're right.
But...
still take care of it.
Sister... hurry up, they'll be here any moment now.
I'm almost done.
If you would have listened to me, we would have gotten ready at the salon.
No need for us to get ready at a salon for a small ritual.
You can do everything for the wedding.
That I'll do.
I'll fulfill all my dreams... but for now, show me how you look.
Why have you applied such less makeup? Let me do it for you.
No... I've applied as much as I like it on me.
It's your engagement and everyone will look at you.
More than everyone it will be brother Faizan who will be looking at you.
Fizza!
I'm here mother!
You look so beautiful. May God save you from harm.
Thank you mother for always praying for me.
Mother, I'm your daughter as well. Why don't you bless me as much as you do sister?
Why do you say such things?
 I pray for both of my daughters, may God bless both of my daughters!
Mother, forget about her, she's always teasing you. Did you have something for me?
Your father was telling me that brother Safdar called to tell him that they have left. They'll be here any moment now.
Oh really!
Come to the kitchen and help me out.
I'll come as well.
No need for that... you will not do anything today. Sit down.
She'll do everything today.
That truly is amazing!
Farwa, hurry up, we're running late.
Where is she?
I'm here mother.
We're running late.
Come on...
Mother...
I don't feel like going at all, you go ahead...
What are you saying?
First, it was Razi who refused and now you're refusing to go. What will I say to Razi?
Brother Razi is in pain, I can't see him like this.
Look...
We're all forced to bear this pain. Hadia wasn't fated to be with Razi.
We should accept that.
Sister are you ready, brother Aleem is waiting for us.
Sure, Safdar, we are ready, let's go.
Where's Razi, I can't see him anywhere.
He isn't well, I stopped him from going.
What happened?
Nothing to worry about. He just has a fever...
If need be, we'll take him to the doctor when we come back.
Sure, let's go.
Yes brother Rizwan, such are the circumstances nowadays...
You're right...
Alright... God willing, we'll talk again soon...
Farewell.
Khadija!
Khadija! Hurry up, they are here!
Come on...
Should I bring sister?
No, my dear, we'll bring her when everyone's seated.
I feel very excited...
Come on...
Is everything done?
Yes it is... is there anything else to do?
No, everything is fine.
I've fried the samosas and served them on the plates.
Check the tea and see if it tastes good.
Mother... what is the matter?
Is everything alright? Why the long face?
I don't why, but I feel anxious.
Mother, today is a day of happiness, then why are you worried?
I don't know why, but it feels that something bad is about to happen with Hadia.
God forbid, what are you saying? May God always keep sister happy, don't say that.
God willing, everything goes well and God always keeps her happy.
Yeah... but I don't know why brother Faizan didn't come with everybody.
That's what worries... he should have come today...
Yes... he should have. Don't worry... maybe he got busy with something else, and couldn't come.
Besides, father is talking, we'll soon know why he didn't come.
Go and sit with Hadia, send her when I call on your name.
Alright... don't worry.
Sister...
Sister...
What? You're always lost thinking about brother Faizan.
Why are you here?
Mother sent me to sit here with you. I have to take you when she calls for me.
Is everyone here...
Not all of them, but there are a few people here.
What do you mean?
Meaning, brother Faizan didn't come.
What?
Enough... don't overreact like mother. Maybe he was busy with some work.
Why are you so sad?
Silence... and let's go.
Not now, mother said that she'll call for us.
Be patient.
Wow... this has been wonderful...
Brother Aleem, there was no need for you to go through this trouble.
We're already very late and it takes about three hours for us to go back to Karachi.
I offered Safdar to stay with her for the night and leave in the morning.
That's not at all possible. Faizan is waiting for us there.
Sister...
Why didn't you bring him along... that way we would have met our son-in-law.
I wanted Faizan to come here and put the ring on Hadia but...
I thought that maybe you wouldn't like it...
We're not primitive people, besides Faizan is our son, and there are no formalities with him.
When you guys visit us next week, you can meet your son-in-law.
How does the 25th sound brother Aleem?
So soon! How will we prepare for it?
Why are you worrying?
Everything will be alright. Send your daughter to us in a simple manner, we don't want a thing.
 If you do want to give us something...
then give us your prayers.
I understand that, but how is that possible?
We're taking away your most prized possession, your daughter. 
Apart from her, we want nothing.
She is enough for us.
No Safdar, it isn't like that...
Look, we only have two daughters and this is the first marriage of our house so...
Khadija wants to fulfill some of her desires.
Brother Aleem everything will be taken care of... this will be a grand wedding!
If God is willing.
Fizza, go and bring the desserts.