you've made a very good routine. To leave for office in the morning without having breakfast
and to stay in your room after coming back from office
this is good!
look...
change your routine. Earlier your routine was good
Faizan has started to come to office
yes, so what is the big deal?
 Its his father's office, he can visit anytime
mom, he hasn't come like that
soon he will join the office
so what's the harm in it?
after all, he has to handle the business in the future
uncle asks me to tell Faizan something about business, explain him
have you checked his behavior?
he doesn't have manners to talk to anyone
he will never fix himself
mom, Honestly...  I can give you in writing.
he got married just to take over uncle's business
he doesn't have any interest in Hadia
from where Hadia came in between?
didn't you see how much drama he was doing in the wedding ceremony?
that's why I was saying it
mom, besides the hard work that I did for both the restaurants
he will ruin my entire hard work
I know dear
but its your duty to fulfill your uncle's order
you cannot refuse it. He is your uncle, as well as your boss
dear look! your anger is absolutely correct. But please control your anger a bit
and tolerate Faizan as well
he pays you the salary in millions
by paying me the salary of millions he cannot..
mom, I just give preference to working with respect
I know dear, but don't ever forget your uncle's favors
its his right that you shall fulfill his orders
may you get settled
and you get married, then we'll leave this house
mom, we'll see what will happen
today Faizan hasn't come on the dining table again?
he must be coming
Shina look, make him understand
he has got married, he shouldn't stay out of the house for late night
but today he came early
not today, but yesterday
ask him to change his routine
why shall I change my routine?
I've got married, I haven't been tied up. My routine will remain the same
but now you have to give time to Hadia
I give her the time as much as she deserves
Faizan!
why are you always after me?
where is Razi?
he is not here, you don't say anything to him. But you are always after me
Ok, I'll see
sister...
is everything alright? We didn't see Razi yesterday at the breakfast, also he is not there at the dinner too
he was saying that he is not hungry, he will eat once he feels like eating
you are right
actually...
gathering together at the dining table is just an excuse, but in actual
its important to sit together & talk to each other
if everyone has to do the same thing & have to go inside the room, then what's the use of it?
let me call him right away. Dear, go tell him that his uncle is calling him
Okay
he will come in a while
shall we start eating?
dear, have some
pour me some water
yes
hey!
greetings!
greetings to you too! dear come, the rice are so delicious
Hadia, pass them to Razi
sister, do you know that today was Faizan's first day at office
really! all praise to God. How was your day today?
good
I must say, if he will keep on giving time to Razi after leaving his stupid friends
then that day is not far, when he will learn everything
I'm done!
Safder, there is a limit! You should leave a chance
I accept that you nephew is very intelligent, but Faizan is your son
at least don't degrade him in front of everyone
dear, eat food please
Natasha has agreed to marry Mrs. Rehman's son
really!
thank you, Khalid
who told you this?
she had told me herself
So talk to them quickly
what are you saying?
Shina, I am a daughter's father. Will it look good if I will talk to him?
what do you mean, Safder? Why are you being of so old school?
nowadays, girls are proposing guys
then why can't a girl's family talk to the boy's family?
really? and where is it happening?
come on I'm serious. Please quickly invite them for a dinner
ok fine, Someday I will invite them on a dinner
please invite them quickly, because their son Nisar is soon going back to America
Shina, be careful about one thing
please ask Natasha to...
wear a nice dress in front of them, so that we don't have to face embarrassment in front of them
no doubt they are filthy rich, but they are associated with their roots & culture
I don't want to give them an impression that our children are very modern
now see, there is an example in our house. Look at Hadia...
please! you are talking about my daughter, so don't praise Hadia here
if Natasha gets married to an industrialist's son
then we'll be praised in the entire business circle
what if it didn't happen, then?
this needs to happen, and why won't it happen?
you've got me humiliated by marrying Faizan with Hadia
I mean, when my friends asks me that what does Faizan's father in law do
I ignore them by staying quiet, what should I say to them?
that he is the head master of a small school, which is gifted to him by my husband
Shina, so much of proud is not good
maybe your are forgetting that your daughter is unable to do graduation since past few years
however, their son is going abroad to become a doctor
if their son rejected your daughter, then your dream will be shattered that your daughter's father in law is such a big industrialist
nowadays, status counts a lot more than education
she is Safder Kamal's daughter, & that should be enough for them
you are wrong!
look! if this was the case then, I had brought Hadia as my daughter in law because of her education
maybe she had completed her education, but she can never match the status
may God show you the right path
mom looks worried for you. You guys are always together, is everything fine?
aren't you guys planning against my wife?
wait! wife!
haven't you accepted her?
she is just like a doll
she is pretty & beautiful
I like my room, in her presence
wow! how you've defined your wife
I've defined her, you also define Razi
and why do I need to do that?
because the way Hadia is imposed on me
its dad's plan to impose Razi on your head in the same way. And I'm sure he can do that
it won't happen now
what do you mean?
because I am getting ready to go to USA
with the people of my own standard
what! and why I don't know this matter?
because you don't take an interest
I do take interest but you...
ok I am interested now, so tell me the details
well.. his name is Nisar, he is a doctor in USA. He is Mr. & Mrs. Rehman's son
mom likes him, dad likes him. Its all set
and yes, I kind of have to
he is Rehman uncle's son, right?
he is a good guy, I know him
yes
he is a nice guy. You've got a lottery so easily, congratulations!
but you got trapped so badly
I'm not trapped
I've just one motive
to take over dad's business, that's it!
So, its yours
don't you know dad?
he will always keep Razi as my boss, & I cannot tolerate that man
I genuinely hate him
I agree with you on that
same here
learn how to play
you should learn how to shut up!
mom!... mom
what happen?
oh God!
my result came
I've topped in my entire college
congratulations!
all praise to God!
I am going to order sweetmeats right away
we will distribute it in the entire neighborhood
what is the need to do this formality?
 Its not a big deal though
what are you saying?
my daughter has topped in her college
and she got second position in the board
is there any other girl in the entire Hyderabad, who did this?
earlier, it was our Hadia and now its our Fizza
very good my dear
I'm proud of you
oh yes! I'm thinking to send some sweetmeats to Karachi. To Hadia's house
what is the need to do this uselessly?
what do you mean by uselessly?
its a joyous occasion
its our happiness, not theirs. What connection do they have with it?
how come they don't have a connection? We have a connection with Hadia, so think that we are sending it for her
as it is, won't she be happy in her sister's happiness?
how will you send it?
we'll send it via courier
courier? But I was thinking to tell sister myself
Okay... 
if this is the matter, then lets go there tomorrow
done! but please don't call sister. We'll give her a surprise after going there
Okay? Let me ask my friend about their results
she is so happy
yes... may God keep her happy
now its confirmed that she will get an admission in the medical college
you guys came all of a sudden. At least you should have informed me before coming so that I could have done some arrangements for you
No, there is no need to do anything. Actually we were passing by, so we thought to meet you
I hope we haven't disturbed you
absolutely not, brother Rehman. In fact Safder will be happy to know that you guys are here
by the way, where are your children? I can't see them
actually Faizan has joined Safder's office
this is such a good news
and Natasha has gone to the salon. Let me go & call Safder, please sit for a while
we have discussed this detail, what we need to do is... check these samples
there shouldn't be any lacking in the color
we have to work on the same color grading
any questions?
one second
hello!
Safder, Mr. & Mrs. Rehman are here
really! all of a sudden?
ok tell me, where is Natasha?
she has gone to the gym
oh God! this girl... 
anyways, do one thing. Make an arrangement for high tea
and there shouldn't be anything missing. I'm leaving in ten minutes, Ok?
Ok
alright then, anymore questions?
no sir
Okay, work on it. And ensure that I want the file on my table tomorrow
ok
thank you!
take out the car, bring it at the front. I'm coming
what to tell you, I'm so thankful to God that my son Faizan & nephew Razi
both of them work with me
and she is my daughter in law
yes, I remember. I saw her at the wedding, and I haven't forgotten your daughter in law
dear, what is your qualification?
aunty, I've done masters in Urdu Literature
wow!
very good!
do you know, it was my favorite too
do you know, my daughter in law used to handle the entire school in Hyderabad
really! Glad to know this
please take some brownies, Natasha had made them as she loves baking. She is always busy in the kitchen
that's fine, but where is she?
she has gone somewhere, she must be on her way back
do one thing, call & tell her that aunty & uncle are home. Ask her to come home quickly
let me call her
dear, what do you do all day?
do you help in cooking?
its her passion, you can say she is omnicompetent
where are you Natasha? Your dad has been asking you for so long. The guests are here
can you stop calling me again & again? I am here
ok be quick
greetings!
dear come, sit with us
Natasha, go.. get freshen then we'll have tea together
Okay
no dear, we won't stay for long as my husband has to go somewhere in the evening
Okay
dear come, what do you do? what are your hobbies?
uncle, nothing to special
nowadays, I am doing fashion designing, shopping & outing. That's it!
these are the hobbies of the children of her age
No, this is not the matter. Even my daughter is of the same age group
she likes to read books like your daughter in law
she doesn't like shopping at all. Do you know, I do shopping for her
yes, if she likes something then its gardening
and do you know, the lawn of her house is beautiful because of her
I will show you whenever you will come to our house
yes sure
and dear, I think you like to do gardening as well
yes aunty, your daughter's hobbies are like mine. I love to do gardening, book reading, also I love to keep pet animals too
really! this is so good
Hadia, will you keep on talking or will serve them?
yes
No dear, its ok. We have already eaten a lot
greetings!*
please come
greetings!*
please come in, brother Aleem
it seems that we have disturbed you guys by coming here
what are you saying, brother Aleem? its your own house
please come, let me introduce you to my friend. He is Mr. Rehman
and brother Rehman, he is Hadia's father
greetings!*
how are you?
fine?
sister, do you know I have done top in the entire college
really!
yes
all praise to God, heartiest congratulations to you!
all praise to God that my daughter has done top in FSC medical
really! heartiest congratulations to you my dear
thank you so much, uncle
Safder, I had told you that my younger daughter wants to do medical
since her result was announced today, so I thought to distribute sweet meats to you
thanks a lot for so much of respect
all praise to God, congratulations to you!
thank you!
both of your daughters are so intelligent
just now I was talking to Hadia & she told us that she did her masters in Urdu Literature
yes, actually both of them like studying
Hadia wanted to become a lecturer & my younger one wants to become a Doctor
good!
our son is also doing medical residency in America
Okay
please sit, lets discuss other things by sitting. Please
please sit
have you seen the consequences of giving them a lot of importance?
I mean, they have considered our house as theirs. They come here whenever they want to
they don't have manners to call before coming here
what's with you, Shina?
its their daughter's house
its not their daughter's house, but their daughter's in-laws house
and there is a separate importance & status of a daughter's in-laws house
you used to say that he has got very high self respect. That he won't drink the water of his daughter's in-laws house
now see
Safder, I am amazed that its been only a week that his daughter got married
and they have visiting us so frequently. I don't get it
I mean, they don't get tired by traveling for so long
I think they are doing all of this intentionally, they came here intentionally
what are you saying?
how would they know about this matter?
no doubt they are unaware of this matter, but he has checked out all of your friends families very well
and Mrs. Rehman, what is the name of Hadia's sister? Fizza!
she was looking at her in such a manner, as if she is some princess
what do you think, haven't she noticed all of this?
anyways, this is our delusion or maybe coincidence
Safder, I don't agree. And who knows whether the news of her top rank is true or false
there isn't any such thing
I know these girls since childhood, they are so intelligent
ok please, for God sake I don't want to hear a single word in their favor. And don't praise them please!
look at this, I beg you. Make him understand
tell him & stop him, for God sake!
we were fortunate to get a good proposal for Natasha
and that too..
do you know how hurt Natasha is
I tried to get rid of David with a lot of difficulty
how come brother Aleem is at fault?
why are you blaming him?
if there is someone's fault, then its your daughter's
didn't you see her style of coming & her dress?
so, even Mr. & Mrs. Rehman came without informing
don't know for what they came
if Natasha learns to stay in her limits, then we won't have an objection upon anyone coming to our house uninvited
this is happening because
anyways leave it. Go & do shopping for her, make her wear what suits her
people will keep visiting our house, please!
you argue in every matter
what is the matter?
you are so quiet
has anything happened yesterday?
why do you always think this way?
and why do you always refuse me?
whenever you meet them, there is something hurting for sure
accept it that you cannot hide anything from me
I'm your wife
we've been together since 25 years, its not a joke
come on, now tell me what happened
nothing as such has happened
do you believe, that sister Shina didn't uttered a single word
and don't know why but I had felt that
brother Safder hadn't met with warmth of affection like he used to have it earlier
it felt as if he doesn't like me coming over there
why will he be happy to meet us now? as his work is already done
he took our competent daughter for his incompetent son
whether you accept it or not, but brother Safder has betrayed you in his friendship
I had told you not to go there
it wasn't such a big deal, as our daughters do top every year
but you didn't listen to me at all. And now you've got yourself insulted
anyways leave it, drink your tea its getting cold
and listen! now don't arrange a party
Fizza will celebrate at home with her friends, ok?
now leave it, and drink this
thank you!
after all, what does he think of himself?
I'm not a kid anymore, that he will teach me how to walk
relax dear!
look! I don't think so that its a bad idea
you have never attended any business meeting as of yet, this way you will get some training too
please mom! at least you don't talk like him. And training for what?
I will understand everything by going to the office for a week, but no!
he just want me to work under Razi & shall learn from him
and who is Razi? Who is he? He is a useless guy. He is nobody
look! don't get insulted by equating yourself with Razi
your status is different definitely. 
But try to understand
see, this is true that you are not well aware of the business as of yet & Razi
he is still helping your father, he knows about the business dealings
at least try to understand this point
Ok I understand, fine!
but only Razi can teach me? Can't I learn anything while staying with dad?
your dad is usually busy my dear
like always
he never have time for me
and guess what? Even I am not idle now
tell him clearly, if I will go to the office then I will go as Safder Kamal's son
and I need my own space, I want my own office
and there is no need to impose a useless & non-sense guy like Razi on my head
your ...
we cannot talk in peace anywhere
if I have disturbed you guys then I will come later
since you've come now, so tell me what would you like to say?
actually I wanted to tell you, that my father has kept a party on this weekend as Fizza has done top
all of you are invited
your father came on that day
he came by himself or you had called him?
he came to surprise me
I know that
I'm asking, whether he came by himself or you had called him here?
he came by himself
by the way, your father is such a traditional guy
but didn't he mind coming to his daughter's in-laws house uninvited?
I am unable to understand, what have you mind?
my dad coming here, or the way he came here uninvited?
your father shows a lot of traditions at all times
doesn't he realize that he shouldn't go to his daughter's in-laws house without informing?
tell me, will he come to blow the trumpets of such a petty matter that your sister has done the top?
and is she the first girl who has done top?
its not a very big deal, thousands of girls do top. But it doesn't mean that he will blow the trumpets
you guys have impressed Mrs. Rehman
what else do you want now?
tell your father, that he has got his daughter married to Faizan Kamal
he should sit in peace now
maybe, it doesn't make any difference to him that he will travel to Karachi & Hyderabad constantly
but we are not that idle to go to your house on petty matters
aunty, don't be upset. I will tell him that you cannot come
I & Faizan will go
what!
I will go with you?
didn't you tell her that we had gone in the wedding with such a difficulty
I mean...
I will go to Hyderabad again? what is in there?
I was too exhausted when I had gone there earlier, I won't go. Sorry!
Faizan, please don't say this
please come with me for once, my dad will be happy to see you. He has invited you all with lots of love
your father does everything with so much of love
but please Hadia, tell him not to blackmail us with his lovely gesture
we don't have courage to reply back to his love
now if you don't want to say anything else then...
what was the matter of impressing Mrs. Rehman?
what to tell you?
that day they came...
how will I refuse dad?
he has invited everyone with so much of love
even Fizza will be upset
but I have to refuse him
I have to make an excuse
I've always kept Faizan & his family's mistakes as a secret
I will do the same this time as well
sister, you are here? And I have been searching for you in the entire house
do you have any work?
the lunch is served, come have it
you guys eat, I am not hungry
you haven't done the breakfast properly
is there any matter? please tell me if there is any
No, its nothing. Don't worry
please eat, I will eat if I will feel hungry
promise?
yes sir?
they are my special friends, so bring starters
Sir, place an order
tell Razi to send the best of the things in the menu
and yes!
sir Faizan has asked me to do a birthday arrangement in the restaurant of 40 to 45 people
who had asked? Faizan?
yes
Ok fine
Mr. Faiz
what is all this?
Sir, this is becoming his daily routine
every other day his friends are partying, & they create disturbance by their presence
and sir, now we have started to receive complains as well
Sir, what do you say? Shall I arrange the party?
yes, get it arranged
and listen! Do I have any appointment in the evening?
yes sir, you do have
by the way, there is some problem for sure
because I have never seen sister Hadia so worried ever
yes, I haven't seen happiness on her face since she got married
even this time its must be Faizan's fault
he must have hurt that poor girl
maybe now she would have realized
that this marriage was her wrong decision
I wish, Faizan shall straighten himself
and shall not ruin Hadia's life, that's it!
its very difficult, mom
a person who doesn't have his father's respect in his heart, can he fix himself ever?
all of this is the result of my brother's leniency
if he would have been strict with his kids since beginning, then he wouldn't have faced this day
other families also live in America, but everyone's kids aren't spoiled
you are absolutely correct
all of this is the result of wrong upbringing
uncle is still concerned about his children, he wants to fix them
but aunt Shina
Natasha & brother Faizan are getting spoiled because of aunt Shina's support
dear, just pray that God makes ease for everyone
Amen
mom, sister Hadia hadn't eaten anything
really!
anyways, let me go & check. This work is done, I'm going then