Mother?
Do you know?
People are coming for Farwa's proposal?
Your father did tell me
I'm amazed at your auntie
I mean this all happened secretly. They have fixed Farwa's proposal and informed me like strangers.
and I'm shocked that how did that Farwa get such a rich and decent family?
Mother, how does it matter?
It does. By getting her married in such wealthy family, she just wants to compete with us. Nothing else
No, mother
Auntie isn't like this. She doesn't care about wealth
enough Natasha!
Its useless to talk to you
Leave it mother. Do you know, I'm so excited. Such event is happening at home after long
I'm not happy at all. Neither I have any interest in getting involved
what do you mean?
If you won't be there
what will we tell people? Auntie won't like it, mother ...
Let her. Do you think I care if she won't like it? Also, I think you have forgotten what did her son say about you.
mother, Raazi and I both have forgotten that
Its better if you too forget it
Never
I will never forget it
Both these mother and son are very clever. I know that this was their planning. First, they manipulated your father, and now they manipulated you.
mother please, don't involve Raazi in this matter unreasonably
As far as auntie is concerned, she did what father asked her
Natasha, I had it
Its enough. You keep siding with them in everything and call me wrong
mother, it isn't like that
you are exaggerating things
auntie just expressed a wish for us to participate in her happiness. That's it
I don't want to participate. Understood?
Mother, what are you saying?
If you won't be there. Everyone would ask about you. What would we say?
Make some excuse. I don't care. Tell them that I was busy
and yes ..
there is no need to get free with them. Understood?
Mother, please listen to me. If they ..
If I won't convince mother then Raazi won't like it. I can't do this
hello?
Greetings Mrs. Rehman. How are you?
Greetings! I'm fine. You tell?
What do I tell you? I'm too embarrassed. Whatever Fizza did, I wasn't able to talk to you
no! leave it. When relation has ended, it is useless to talk about it
Absolutely! But it was essential to talk to you. After all, you chose them because of us
no! you don't need to be embarrassed
you were still fortunate. It was just an engagement. But we have got the elder one married to our son
we are trapped badly
Look Sheena, don't ruin your relationship with your daughter in law because of us
your daughter in law ..
what? Leave it. She is like Fizza
Sheena, if you don't mind can we talk later?
Actually, I have some guests at home
yes absolutely! No problem. Infact, I'd visit you some day
yes!
okay bye!
bye!
listen?
yes?
Did Fizza have breakfast?
no!
She isn't eating anything. She is lost
where is she?
in her room
okay ..
I'll go check her
you bring breakfast
yes
Fizza, my child
yes father?
my child ..
didn't you have breakfast?
umm
I wasn't hungry
my child, what is this?
look
no matter how much a person is worried. He can't live without food.
so why are you angry at food?
also ..
if you won't eat 
then how would I be able to eat?
Come on ..
come my child, lets have breakfast together
hello!
Well done! The work is done nicely
so, when are you giving me my prize?
very soon
listen, I was thinking if you can go out of city for few days
but why?
just like that ..
what do you mean?
Do I have some risk?
O no! what risk .. her father is a very simple person. He's hiding from people. He can't harm you
I was saying just like that
then why would I leave the city?
Actually, the girl is very clever
what if she takes your name in college?
she'll try to expose you. I was saying it for your reputation but if you don't feel it necessary then it doesn't matter
I don't think so she'd come back to university
forget complaining. Also, if she'd take my name, she'll ruin her own reputation too
hmm .. you are right though
you will get your prize soon
I really liked working with you
okay bye!
so you did this all, mother?
Natasha? I ..
I don't believe it, you can stoop this low?
you insulted her in front of everyone. Her parents were too embarrassed
you broke her engagement. It was you behind this all?
How do I believe that my mother can do this all
Don't get disheartened. Sit with me and listen to me. I did this all for you
what do you mean, for me?
Those people rejected you and chose Fizza. You were so hurt
I did this to take revenge
mother please, don't involve me in your sin
I was hurt but I never thought about it. Did I ask you that I would do something wrong if I won't get Nissar? No right?
then why did you do this all?
you ruined her life
Natasha, you are forgetting
you were very disheartened. This is why you got married to that rowdy Sherry
You were in too much pain. Not just you, I was also in pain. We had to hear many taunts
Your father taunted me a lot about you. I couldn't tolerate this all. I was going in depression
and this is the solution your found about your depression?
Did you know any better and skillful guy in your social circle than Nissar with whom you could get me married. That was a better decision, mother
You should have got me married. But, what did you do?
you broke her engagement and humiliated her
you didn't leave her capable of facing anyone
Natasha, don't exaggerate things. It was just an engagement
mother, those people just refused my proposal
then didn't reject me. They didn't choose me and then leave me or Fizza didn't snatch Nissar from me
That poor girl doesn't have any idea
Natasha, don't be angry. Think with a cool mind. Its not a big deal. That Nissar would find another girl a lot better than Fizza
and Fizza would find another guy too
and what did you get?
I found peace. First, that Hadia entered my house and then her sister took my daughter's right
both sisters ruined my children life. I couldn't tolerate it
mother, Hadia is still here
and I haven't got Nissar too. What peace are you talking about?
You did wrong.
Your sister is also like you
what do you mean?
I mean, you are also having an affair besides being married
and she too ..
enough Faizan
don't say another word
nothing good can happen
you are not in my heart anymore
the more you act pious
actually, you are a cheater
and you?
aren't you betraying me? Do you think you live in my heart?
All the respect and love has gone
I'm helpless because of this child otherwise, I would have left you long ago for all the blames you have put on me
what have you done, mother?
I had started making place in Raazi's heart
and mother, you?
what if Raazi would find out the truth? He'd start hating mother and me too
I can't lose Raazi
I won't let Raazi go away from me
what do I do?
Natasha?
Hadia madam is calling you
okay, you go. I'm coming
Yes!
your sister is like you
what do you mean?
I mean you are also having an affair besides having a husband, and she too besides having a fiance ..
Natasha, please keep the eye makeup light
don't you worry, I will do such a good makeup that groom's family would say yes immediately
don't blink eyes otherwise it would ruin your makeup
Farwa, don't you worry. Natasha would do a wonderful job
have you heard it?
come on
Girls, aren't you ready yet?
Almost done, auntie
I think they are here
they are here
one minute
one minute
now you are all set. Get ready for final round now
Sister, look at her. She is annoying me
Natasha, don't do it. And why are you tensed? Relax! Answer peacefully whatever they ask
why are you tensed
I'm too scared
nothing would happen
come on
have this
you look beautiful
sister, you did good
that you brought Hamza along
actually
Hamza's father had to go out of city for some work
otherwise he really wanted to meet you
umm
sister, I want to say something to you
sure!
this house and wealth belongs to my brother
After my husband's death, he raised and supported my children
and the position my children are at today, is because of him
what is the need of this, sister?
its important, Safdar
when you have to build relationships, it is good not to have misconception
actually ..
I had some doubts in my heart before coming here. But after seeing your love and sincerity I'm satisfied now
People usually keep such things secret
Sister, you are lucky that you have a daughter. A daughter is no less than any wealth
Thanks to God. Sister, I think you should call Farwa
yes, I'll bring her
why are you calling me again and again and disturbing me?
Look Fizza, I want to talk
why? with what relation will you talk?
I want to tell that I didn't end this engagement
if you or anyone else, it doesn't matter
Fizza please, meet me
I want to talk to you
Look, I didn't want to end this engagement
Nissar, the engagement is broken. There is no relation between you and me now. Also, there is no reason to talk
Look Fizza, I want to save this relation
I will save it. Lets sit and talk
but I don't want to keep this relation. I don't want to talk
Also, where were you at the time when you should have come and talked to me and asked me my fault. But you .. 
and your parents humiliated my parents
insulted them
infact, you saw a picture and broke the engagement without investigating it?
this is why, now ..
I don't want to keep any ties
Also, don't call me again
Fizza, listen ..
Come
Come my child
Come
come!
this is our daughter 
how are you my child?
I'm fine
how much have you studied?
I'm in final year of honors
what are you hobbies?
hobbies? I read books ..
cooking and baking. House chores ..
wonderful!
otherwise, girls these days have different interests. Isn't it brother Safdar?
you are right
I don't like to lie
truth is in which ever house our daughter ..
Farwa would go
she will make that house beautiful
Absolutely! Why not?
Yes
you ..
are in lawn at this time?
why? is there any time fixed?
no, I mean .. are you fine?
I'm fine. It would be better if you mind your own business
I ..
want number of that guy. Can you give it?
I don't have it
then ask Fizza 
what is your problem?
why are you so interested in our problems?
you are considering it wrong
Fizza is like my sister
She is like your sister, but she isn't
how does it matter
it does. Many things matter a lot but you don't understand it or don't care
you are standing here with me. This can matter a lot for someone
at least think about my dignity
this is my in laws house. People are joining our names and making stories. My husband taunts me about you day and night. My life has become hell
shall I .. shall I bring water for you?
no, I don't need anything. I just want you not to talk to me. Please! Go
Greetings!
Greetings, how are you?
I'm fine
I need his number
Brother Raazi ..
Now you'd say it doesn't matter. Why are you taking interest in my matter? its done now .. 
Don't be foolish Fizza! I don't expect this from you
Look Fizza, why did he do? Who was he and what was his purpose? It is important to know it, so tell me?
Fizza, listen to me. For whatever he has done, doesn't he deserve a punishment?
He harmed you. He ruined your image in front of people
Hey, I'm not sad about your engagement. That Nissar also didn't deserve you. You will find many other guys like him
but listen to me?
Please, give me his details
Fizza?
Don't you worry
Listen to me carefully
There is nothing to be worried about. Trust me. I will wait and send me his number
okay!
okay!
good!
For how long will we keep Fizza at house?
she has to go to university some day
yes
she will go to university
but ..
its better if she goes after some time
I don't know
what is the environment in university right now
I don't know
did that guy send us the pictures only ..
or ..
did he show them to others too
after that ..
who knows what is the reaction
of her class fellows
no!
I don't want
my daughter is have a bad influence
for now let her study from home
its better
by the way
there is another thing that is bothering me
what is it?
Hadia's father, not many people know about engagement right now
but when they'd find out and they'll ask, what will we say? She has to get married
God knows what kind of proposal would she get?
look
For now, we shouldn't mention it to anyone 
if we won't talk
no one will question
also ..
there were still 4 or 5 years left to get married to Nissar
that's a long time
Our God 
will handle everything
in this time, misconception of brother Abdul Rehman
would go away
No matter it the misconception is clear
if they'll bring the proposal again
then refuse them
I know that a girl's dignity is more delicate than a glass and a little stain can make it blur
but what's the fault of glass in it? Fault is of the people who make it dirty
yes my child, but the world ..
I don't care about the world
If you both trust me then I don't care about the world
you shouldn't too. Why are you waiting for someone?
I am too concerned about my dignity
and I won't give anyone a right ..
to take decision of my life
this right is only yours. And if someone if character assassinating your daughter then don't let him enter your house and send him away
I will study. I will become doctor and make my career
so that tomorrow if something happens, I face it firmly
yes my child
do make your career my child but it isn't everything. You have to get married in life too
I'm not refusing to get married
I will get married too but first I will make my career so that I can answer everyone
for this, I only need you both and your trust
please!
fine my child ..
Father, I'm going back from tomorrow's flight
tomorrow? why? you still had time
yes, I thought to stay for a month. But I'm going back
but my child, why so early? Umair and Fatima are also getting married.
I'm not interested in anyone's wedding
my studies are effecting
I know why you are doing this all? You want us to realize that we took a wrong decision
I'm sorry father but I have objection regarding your decision
my child, we broke this engagement after giving it a thought and its better for you
you don't break engagements by only hearing things from others
father, at least once
you should have given chance to uncle and fizza. You should have talked to them. If they were proven guilty, I would have parted ways myself
someone showed you 2 pictures ..
we had no other choice
Okay! I too don't have any option
Nissar my child?
listen?
what if we took a wrong decision in rush?
for once if we imagine that someone is conspiring against that girl, then we should think why ..
why would he do this? what was the matter that he is forced to do this all?
it might be possible ..
that she has been trapped
how do you know this?
this is my idea and Raazi thinks the same
why would someone do this?
anyways, whoever he would be I will catch him
hello?
who?
Fawad?
have you changed your number?
you have gone out of city?
okay! That's good. yes, I will keep sending money
And look, don't call me again now. Also, no one should know that you are out of city
yes!
Fine, okay!
Did he call back?
no, don't you remember? He said that he won't call from now but I would
what kind of person is he? He has no idea that how many lives are suffering because of him
what happened sister? Did something happen after we left? Did auntie Sheena say anything?
no! no one said anything
Thank God
I was scared
I don't want any trouble happen to you because of me
Also sister, brother Faizan would have certainly asked. Did auntie Sheena say anything?
He was very sad 
If he was .. 
then he would have visited to console us
he didn't even call and ask. Look at brother Raazi, we have no relation with him but he's supporting us.
he's helping us
and brother Faizan
he should be standing with father right now
Father would have some hope. He would have thought that he has a son. I didn't expect this from brother Faizan. He didn't even say anything
what is this?
are you hearing?
hello? sister? sister, are you crying?
Sister, I'm so sorry. I didn't want to hurt you
Faizan wanted to talk but I stopped him. I told him that father in tension so he shouldn't talk. He will. Don't you worry
Faizan is with us
yes sister!
Did you talk to Nissar
He did call but I refused to talk
why?
what's the use sister? When he should have, he didn't
now he's calling again and again and asking to talk. I don't want to
anyways, tell me?
Did you find anything about Farwa?
Yes, its under discussion. Things might be fixed
fine sister! Take care. I'll talk later
okay!
bye!