Hello...
You called?
What was so important that you disturbed my meeting?
You went to Malaysia saying it was a business tour, right?
Where are you?
Who are you to ask me that?
Your wife.
If you're my wife, then stay within your limits.
I know my limits, Faizan,
But maybe you are forgetting yours.
Being with a girl, even though you have a wife...
Shut up Hadia!
That won't do a thing. You can tell  father when he asks you where you were
Are you blackmailing me?
Go and tell father. If you do, then it will be very bad for you.
If a girl's husband spends his time with some other girl...
what can be worse for her?
Hadia I'm warning you. You can tell father if you want, but then it will be very bad for you.
Faizan...
hello?
Come on... what should I do with her?
Hello mama, Hadia has learned that I've not reached Malaysia.
Please handle her, she's saying that she'll tell her father.
This should not happen, so please handle her. I'll explain things later.
Okay, please.
Yes...
Why wasn't Hadia at the breakfast table?
You remember that she had food poisoning, right?
Oh yes, I remember...
If you want, I can take an appointment with the doctor, or call him home.
It's not like that, she even had some soup in the morning.
I'll check in on her.
Thank you.
Razi, did you mention those important points to Faizan over the phone?
No uncle, not yet.
My dear, they are very important points, you should have discussed them with him.
You're right Faizan's number is switched off.
How could I have told him if his number is switched off?
Alright, let me check.
The tea is very good.
Hello... son, why is your phone off?
No father, my phone is switched on.
Alright, Razi is calling you. He will discuss those points with you at the meeting.
Okay?
Razi, you can call him, his phone is switched on.
Sure uncle, I think my cellphone is in the room, I'll call him.
Sister, believe me, when she makes tea, it reminds me of your tea.
The taste and smell are the same.
What is the matter with you?
What need was there for you to call him at night?
Mind your business and stay within your limits.
You know that your marriage with Faizan was a forced one, right?
It's not because he had another girl in his life...
It's because he's an ill-mannered boy and your uncle Safdar...
it was his idea that if he gets married to a sober girl, he might get better.
If you want importance in Faizan's life, then leave him be.
Stop interfering in his matters.
How can it be?
I'm Faizan's wife, how can I tolerate him with someone else?
And believe me, she's not a good girl. She's bleeding Faizan dry
It does not concern you, what she's doing.
Faizan likes her 
and if you try making space in Faizan's heart, instead of this room...
then maybe you might succeed.
Greetings*
Congratulations your daughter has gained admission to a medical college.
Congratulations!
It's one of the top universities, and they gave her admission almost immediately.
That was bound to happen because of your amazing grades.
What is the matter, mother? Why did you get sad?
It's nothing...
After marrying one daughter, I wanted the other one to stay with us for a few years.
But you're leaving us so soon.
I have a solution for that.
Why don't we rent a small house in Karachi? 
That way, all of us will still live together. Alright, father?
My dear, it's not that easy, and it's not just about the house. 
On top of that, we have our house here and we have our land to look after as well.
We have our friends as well... I have to look after the school as well, I have to look after the school with them.
I'll be very alone there. What will I do there?
There will be other girls at the hostel and you can visit us at the weekend.
Sometimes your mother will come and sometimes I will.
 On top of that, Hadia lives there as well.
You can visit her when you want.
No father, after that day, I don't feel like going there. I won't go there.
Alright, forget about it.
 When you feel like it, you can talk to Hadia over the phone.
That's alright, but if Safdar learns of this, he will send a car every weekend to get her.
It would be better if he doesn't learn of this.
We don't want any more favors from him!
How long will we hide this?
Let him find out, we don't need to hide this. We're not sinning.
Fizza, won't go there. Even if he insists on you visiting them...
go there in the morning and come back in the evening. And hire a car for yourself.
Sure mother, alright. Don't worry, that's exactly what I'll do.
I'll go and rest for a while.
Why are you worrying? God will make everything alright?
The meeting didn't go at all well.
The things I send him there for gave no results.
He switched off his phone.
Razi could have briefed him but...
Safdar, he just came home. Let him rest a while.
Did he come by road...
that he's tired? 
He came back luxuriously. 
And he didn't do the work I assigned him to do.
He didn't complete it.
And tell me, before leaving, you made huge promises about the strides you'll make. 
And this is what you've done.
It would have been better if I had handed this to Razi.
 I lost a big deal. You have disappointed me.
Very much so.
Did you see him?
Instead of being upset about my loss...
He left so stubbornly. If only...
if I had handed this over to Razi. If I had I would have gotten a result, of one hundred percent!
Your son has disappointed me.
Didn't anyone tell you that I had come here?
I knew you were coming.
Then...
Then what?
You are beautiful...
What's the point...
when you have someone else in your heart?
That's a misunderstanding. 
She's a colleague of mine, whilst I was at the toilet, she picked up my call and that was it.
Did you have a meeting at a club, at two in the morning?
Okay...
She's Ramsha, she's a friend... among many friends.
The same Ramsha you called your love and took her dancing.
And you also send your love, millions of rupees every month...
Do you call all your friends your love and send them money?
You know I was trying to excuse myself, but you're not worthy of that.
She is my friend... she's even more than that. Do whatever you want. 
Do you want to tell father, he's outside go and tell him.
For one instance think about what effect this will have on your life and what effect it will have on your life.
When you go to your home in Hyderabad, after getting a divorce, what effect will it have on your old father and simple mother?
In the society we live in, if the elder daughter gets divorced, the proposals stop coming for the younger sister as well. 
And I want to replace you.
I want you to do something, that will make you leave and let Ramsha take your place.
So whatever you want to do or say...
think long and hard before it.
You're here from Hyderabad. 
Will you stay at the hostel, or a relative's?
I don't have any relatives here, so I'll stay at the hostel.
You topped at your college as well, right?
Yes...
That means you will give us a tough time.
Or we will give her a tough time.
Oh really? Who's the smartest who will give me a tough time?
Everyone is smart.
That's very good.
What? You let her leave... 
yes
you've been yearning for her since morning like you'll do something about it.
That's why I let her leave.
This was your chance. I don't understand you.
You will not understand.
If I talk to her now, she would have learned that I like her. So I need to be careful...
Let me be slow and gradual... and let her yearn for me as well.
Alright, I understand, whatever you think is right.
It's good you came here...
Are you just saying, or did I disturb you?
Not at all.
The thing is that I and my wife wanted to visit you. 
I decided to call you first, and take your permission.
Then I decided to have tea with you at your office.
You're embarrassing me now... we'll have dinner together.
No, we'll have dinner at home with our wives.
If it's possible, you can invite your friend from Hyderabad as well. It was nice to meet him.
Who... brother Aleem?
Yes, your daughter-in-law's father. Your brother-in-law.
The thing is that we have been her fans.
We were thinking of finding a girl like her. 
The thing is that we have taken a liking for brother Aleem's youngest daughter for our son, Aleem.
And... I wanted to talk to you about it first.
My wife has taken a liking to her as well. 
My son is becoming a surgeon and he likes the fact that the girl belongs to the same field as well.
Sure, why not? That's very good.
Yes...
Thank you.
So... I wanted to ask you what you think about it.
What can be better than this?
She's an honorable and capable young woman. But as far as brother Aleem is concerned...
I think he would want to marry her in Hyderabad.
Besides the girl is completing her studies.
Her education is not a problem.
Nisar is studying as well. We'll marry him after his specialization. 
Until then his daughter's studies will be completed as well.
Talk to brother Aleem and send my message to him.
Sure...
Alright...
Sister, you don't know how happy I am.
I can imagine it with the joy in your voice.
I don't need to see you, to know how happy you are.
That's why I called you as soon as I got here...
How's the room?
The room is great. 
I was so afraid of how I would spend five years without mom and dad. 
But these years will pass by quickly.
Oh really... tell me, when are you coming to visit?
I don't feel like it... why don't you visit me?
What do you mean?
I mean, I don't feel like leaving the hostel...
That's why I'm asking you to come here. That way you can see my room.
I don't want to hear it. Coming Saturday you are visiting me.
Sure sister. Alright, I'll call you before I come.
Okay, farewell*
What has happened?
Did I make a mistake mentioning brother Aleem in this conversation?
I'll get going now...
You just got here, the party is just getting started.
If my father sees that I'm not home, then there will be a scene at home.
You said that before coming here, you notified your home.
I told mother. But father doesn't know. Do you know what he does nowadays
He comes into my room and sees if I'm there or not.
How backward is your dad?
Don't ask...
What a shock! 
Will you not stay for me?
Bye!
She won't even look at you. But you can continue wasting your time on him.
What shortage do I have?
We both know that. She doesn't know you belong to a middle-class family.
If she finds out, do you know what will happen?
Listen, can you do something for me?
What do you mean? Have you fallen in love with her?
Can't you do anything for me?
Out of the question! This will end in four days, and Natasha won't take long to kick you out.
You're not that cool.
Shina was completely right. What she feared has happened.
What will happen now? How will I make her understand now?
Safdar, what is the matter? You've been standing here for ages, what are you thinking about?
Nothing.
Is everything alright?
Yes, everything is fine.
It doesn't seem so...
I was just worried about something at work.
I told you to take care of yourself. Don't bring your office tensions home.
Anyways... you had a meeting with Mr. Rehman today...
Faizan told me that he came to the office today and you had lunch with him.
Yes, that's true.
The meeting went fine.
What did you talk to him about?
Nothing, he came here to take my advice on a new business he's starting.
Are you hiding something from me?
Why would I hide anything from you?
Why are you being angry? I just asked you a few questions.
Why do you probe so much? Why don't you believe me?
I told you what was up, but you don't believe it.
Where is Natasha coming from in the middle of the night?
Who is that man with him?
She went with her friend somewhere out...
What get-together? Do you even know where she goes?
Yes, I do... she went out with her friends. 
She told me before she left, I forgot to tell you.
Did you forget to tell me, or are you hiding it from me?
Look, listen to this with open ears. 
I'm very sensitive when it comes to my daughter.
As a mother, you should know where she comes and goes.
Don't be so careless when it comes to your children.
It's not appropriate to have such behavior with adolescent children. I will not tolerate this!
Safdar, I know that man, he's from a good background.
And... don't think that something is going on between them. They are just friends.
Shina... stop putting a veil over your useless children's deeds.
This is enough!
I won't tolerate it now. I want every information...
on your children. I want to know where they go and sit. Especially your daughter.
Because your love has spoiled our son. But our daughter...
Have some sense... she will get married one day. What will you say to the world then?
Go and ask her where she went and whom she was with.
Relax...
I am relaxed. I'm not dead. Do as I say.
Who was the man you came home with?
Is it a crime to ask a guy to drop me home?
Natasha, I want the answer to my question!
What is the matter? Is this a home or a police station
You started interrogating me as soon as I reached home...
Enough!
Tell me, where you are coming from?
I went out with friends, where else?
There is a time to be with friends. I never know when you leave and come back...
Your father saw you getting off that man's car.
Mother, I've already told you, he was my friend, Sherry.
Look, Natasha...
I am not suspecting you or your character...
But your father, you know how conservative he has become.
People talk as well...
Honestly mother...
I've had it enough... ever since we've to Pakistan, I feel so suffocated...
Because father has a problem with everything. I don't know what's gotten into him...
Why has he become so narrow-minded? 
Honestly, I don't bloody care what people do or say?
One has to care. We have to listen to the people and care about what they say, in the society we live in...
Look, it's been a while since we came back to Pakistan...
You have to...
Mother stop... I cannot right now... I'm losing it.
Yes, she is my friend, she greater than that. She's greater than everyone. Do whatever you want. 
Tell father, he's right outside.
For one instance, what effect it will have on your life and what effect it will have on your life?
After you get divorced and go back home to Hyderabad, what will your old father and simple mother go through?
Faizan...
What happened to you? Get up?
Who are you and what are you doing in my room?
What?
Who are you and what are you doing in my room?
Go...
Go out...
Where should I go?
I don't care where you go, just go out of my room.
What's gotten into you?
Just leave!
What is the matter? Why is he screaming?
I don't know.
Alright... I understand.
He does this when he's in that state. 
Leave him alone, he'll get better in the morning.
You're his wife, you should know how to take care of him in this state.
Anyways... he had some bad friends in the US, and because of this, he got into these bad habits.
But I have hope that he will soon leave these habits behind.
Being his wife, you will help him lose these bad habits.
One more thing, 
I hope that you will not mention this to Safdar, or your family.
That's what I like about you...
that you're patient and you don't overreact.
Good wives, don't talk badly about their in-laws, at their parent's house.
Do you understand?
Yes...
Agreed?
You just can't help yourself. 
She's Fizza Aleem from Hyderabad, and she's from a middle-class family.
Enough, I don't want to send a proposal to her. I just want her number.
I know men like you. You just want to play your game.
But there is one thing, it won't be easy to trap that girl. It will take time.
She seems very intelligent and confident. She doesn't seem from a small city.
I heard that she was a topper in her college.
I see...
Let's go to the cafeteria.
Samreen... did you see that girl looking at us. He's been looking at us for a while
She's looking back.
He's not looking at us, he's looking at Fizza. I noticed him looking at her yesterday as well.
He was staring at Fizza. I think he has his heart set on Fizza.
Don't talk about nonsense, what's the matter with you?
Your beauty is enough for any guy to fall for you.
I know how to set guys like him straight. I'll be right back.
Where are you going?
To set him straight.
No need to waste your breath on him.
I think he's a true lover.
He's so rude.
He's continuously staring at me, even though I'm angry. Guys like him should be set straight.
Leave him be, don't waste your breath on him. Don't allow him to say anything.
Besides, it's not your fault, it's your beauty's fault.
Enough... let's go away from here. I feel very comfortable.
Leave it, there's no point.
Why?
I don't think you'll succeed.
You don't know how good I am.
Did you see her eyes? She'll eat you alive.
Watch me...
Sure...
What should I do to bury this here?
If Shina learns of this, she'll create a scene.
She's already against brother Aleem and his family.
She has not yet accepted Hadia.
And if she learns of this...
she will get even angrier at me.
No... this should not happen.
This will not only affect my friendship with brother Aleem. 
This also had a bad effect on Hadia and Faizan.
Natasha's heart will break as well.
I will not let this happen.
I should talk to brother Aleem. He's a smart man...
He will make a valid excuse and refuse him.
Why would he refuse a good proposal? 
It's hard to find a good bachelor like Nisar.
It's true when they say that one can buy every luxury...
but not the happiness and luck of one's children.
Brother Aleem will have to cater to my friendship. I've done him many favors.
How can he marry his daughter to a place, where I was hoping to marry my daughter to?