How are you?
Its all my fault. It happened because of me.
Thank God, I'm alive.
Otherwise my dad would have sent you to jail.
I'm not worried about that. Nothing can happen to you while I'm there.
You have no idea what condition I was in after your accident.
Shut up. Such things don't sound good from a liar like you.
Go away. I'll call dad and tell him everything.
You cannot tell him anything right now. He'll be worried.
Will you stop me? I'll call dad and tell him everything today and go back to my house. You'll see,
If you go home like this, they'll be worried.
Its not your problem.
I'm your husband and I'm warning you.
See Natasha, you're unwell. You cannot go anywhere until you're well.
Where will you take me? To your friend's house? He's a liar himself and that house isn't his either.
I'll take you to my own house.
Take care.
Oh God. You know every heart. My Lord, you know my intention very well. I've taken my husband as my everything ever since I've been married.
I've never thought about being disloyal to him. I'm never lied to him or cheated him. Please be with me in this tough time. Protect my respect.
You here? I've been looking for you everywhere.
Yes, I've been in the lawn.
You're alright? Are you feeling well?
How can I be fine? A person's whose daughter runs away from home, how can that father be alright.
Natasha will be alright, don't worry.
How can I not worry? Sheena we've brought her up and pampered her very much. We saw so many dreams for her and she shattered everything.
She trampled on my respect and crossed the threshold. You want me to forgive her? I will never forgive her.
Children make mistakes and their parents forgive them.
But this isn't a mistake. Its a sin. I couldn't even think Natasha could do such a thing.
Maybe she was trapped. It might not be her fault.
You've become stupid trying to cover up for them. Enough now, Sheena.
I'm just saying, this could be a possibility.
No. Everything happened because of Natasha's will. It would have been better if I had no children.
Who brought these flowers?
Your husband sent you these. He went for some work. He said he'd take you home in a little while.
He's very caring, loving. I saw him worried when he brought you here. He kept on crying while you were unconscious and he kept saying it was all his fault.
He didn't even drink water until you were conscious. I've not seen such a loving and caring husband in my life. Its time for your medicines. I'll get your medicines.
Mudassir, get the car.
Will you not have breakfast?
No. I'm not feeling well.
You have never gone to the office without breakfast.
You're right but I'm not in the mood. Maybe I'll eat something when I go to office.
Don't hurt yourself because of Natasha.
They have already hurt me as much as they wanted to. Do you know Sheena?
I'm very unlucky when it comes to my children. Maybe we didn't bring them up as they should have been. They don't even bother about our respect. I'll leave now.
How dare you touch my phone? Its such a cheap act.
Actually I..
What I? Do you like to invade other people's privacy?
If you do this again, I'll not spare you.
I don't want to invade your privacy. I just want to delete the video that you use to blackmail me day and night.
Okay? Really?
Please Faizan delete that video. Don't believe what Fizza said. She doesn't know. She keeps on saying such things.
How should I make you believe? I swear on my parents. I don't have any affair.
What do you think you can convince me with such emotional dialogues that you don't have any affair.
I have you biggest weakness with a proof. You look very innocent.
But you had an affair and I didn't even find out.
For God's sake Faizan, stop with these baseless things. I cannot imagine anybody else other than you.
Why are you being so dramatic? I haven't told anyone. I didn't even mention it. Stop with the crying. As long as you respect our deal and accept all the conditions,
Do as I say and you'll stay married. I'll not leave you. We get to live only once. You do what you want and I'll do what I want. It'll be fun.
I'm sleepy. I want to sleep.
Where is my cellphone?
It got misplaced in the accident. I'll get you a new one.
Did you inform my family?
No. I don't have their number and I didn't want to bother anyone.
See, Natasha, I want you to be alright and then I'll take you anywhere you want to. You can even divorce me. I'll not force you to stay with me. I'm very guilty.
I cannot even look you into the eye. Natasha, you deserve a better life partner. You can leave me if you want.
Where are you taking me?
I'm taking you to my house. My living place. As it is, you'll leave me in a few days. You don't care about my emotions and my love.
You're not at peace until I get to the office.
Uncle is already here. Its better you come before he asks about you.
When I said I'll be there in a while, why do you call me repeatedly?
Come fast. We have to discuss some very important things. I don't want to argue.
Please. I have to share the plan.
You'll explain to me? You still want to be the boss? I think you've forgotten you're a meager employ whose earning a meager salary from my dad's office.
If uncle has given me this responsibility to ensure his spoilt son is back on track, let me do it.
You're calling me spoilt?
Faizan I told you I don't want to argue. Its best if you come to the office soon before uncle kicks you off the responsibilities.
I'll come at 3. Don't call me again.
This is my ordinary house. Its not up to your standard but,
Its alright.
I will not stay here for long. I'll leave as soon as my father forgives me.
I know that. 
I want to relax, I'm tired. Where's the room?
There. And Natasha, I'll not force you to live with me. I'll let you go whenever you want but you'll have to listen to one thing I say first.
See Natasha, I don't want to lose you. I'll die if you leave me. You don't know how much I love you.
Don't even say you love me.
I didn't come here happily. I came here because I was helpless. Don't be happy. I'll tell mom everything and then I'll leave.
What will you tell her? You made a mistake? You're regretting marrying me? Will they forgive you?
Whether they forgive me or not, its not your problem.
When you go home after divorce, will everyone greet you with flowers? You're mistaken. They'll make fun of you.
You'll be taunted about this for all your life. When a young girl is tainted with divorce, it becomes difficult for her to find a suitor. Everybody will make fun of you. Your family. Your acquaintances.
Nobody respects a girl who runs away from home.
Shut up.
You can shut me up but what about the world. Once you go back you'll have to marry that Razi. You could have done that earlier.
See Natasha ,its best if you stay here for now. You're a strong girl, you shouldn't accept defeat so easily.
Faizan is this the time for breakfast? You need to go to office. Wake up in the morning and go to work with your dad. Razi does that everyday.
Whats new about it? I wake up at this time everyday.
It was different earlier. Now you have to go to work with your dad. Even Razi..
Don't spoil my mood taking Razi's name early in the morning.
When will you be serious about work?
I'm not going to work 9 to 5. I'm the boss's son. I'll go like the boss. I cannot take dictation from a penniless scum like Razi.
And what does dad give me? 3 hundred thousand. My friends will laugh at me if they find out.
You do know that your father stopped your pocket money last time.
See, you've had a lot of fun. Now be serious. Make your father happy. I'm done with his taunts now, Faizan.
I cannot handle management.
Then get some course done. See, Razi also joined business, after doing a financial management course.
Why are you giving his Razi's example on every little thing? These don't handle business. I want to complete my MBA.
I need a degree and I promise I'll not desert it now. I'll get admission next month. I'll continue my studies. 
Say that you want to be rid of the work.
Tell me why are you so negative about me?
Because you cannot fool me. There were amazing universities in the US but you ran away from studies and now you want to complete your MBA.
See, tell me honestly, what it is.
I've told you what I wanted to. Now you can understand whatever. Its not my problem
Can I have my breakfast.
Alright. Eat.
Come in.
Uncle the instructional report is ready. Please see. I've mailed you a copy as well.
Uncle, you look very upset. Is everything fine?
Its nothing. I'm fine.
Uncle, do you mind if I ask if you're upset about Natasha?
Do one thing,
the food inspector will come round 3pm. Take Faizan and go. Don't let him have any complaints.
I'll go uncle but Faizan isn't here yet.
Its 1pm and he isn't here yet. Doesn't he know we have a meeting. Call him immediately. Tell him we have to reach.
He doesn't wake up before 2. I gave him a reminder. He said he'll come by 3pm.
But don't worry. You'll not have any problems from us.
Dear, I have never had complaints from you and nor will I have now. I know that.
All these complaints, these problems, these issues are from home. They haven't left me able to do anything else.
Uncle, be strong. Everything will be alright.
I have a young daughter, dear. I've lost my sleep.
You're right. Don't worry. She'll be fine, no matter where she is. I think she'll realise her mistake real soon.
If you say, should I try and find out where she is.
It doesn't matter if she's back now. I'll not accept her apology.
But uncle..
When you don't need someone, you don't need their apology.
I've decided my dear. Call my family lawyer. I have to discuss something important with him.
Like what?
I have decided to disown Natasha.
Faizan I'm coming to Pakistan with my mom. The expenses are too much and I'm out of money. I had a good job in Pakistan.
Your father made me lose it.
You're crying over an ordinary job. My dad gave you 20 million. Did you spend all of it?
Of course. What is 20 million worth today? I didn't take that money happily. Your father blackmailed me to leave you.
Had my mother not been ill I would never have taken any money from him. Do you even know what your father said to me? He threatened me with goons.
Ramsha I've already told you, I'll not hear anything against my dad.
He's not like that.
If only I had recorded his threat then. You would know what your father is capable of them.
As if you were loyal to me? You left me for the money. I don't want to forgive you but the problem is I love you.
Faizan even if I took the money to save my life, what wrong did I do?
You deceived me. You married Hadia and broke your promise with me.
You shouldn't be taunting me. You took money because you were helpless. I was also helpless like you.
If dad had disowned me, would you accept me?
Do you think I like you because of your money and status?
I don't want to argue at all. Please.
Even I don't want to argue. Listen to me. I want to come back to Pakistan but I don't have money for the tickets. Arrange the amount for me.
This is what you wanted that's why you called.
Yes I did. Who will I ask for money, if not you? I suffered because of you. 
And now its time. I'm coming to Pakistan. I need a place to live and a job. I cannot live without a job anymore.
Coffee.
Listen.
Is this gold?
Yes. 
Did mom gave you this?
No. Whatever she gave me is in her locker. This is my mother's family heirloom.
Her mother gave her these and she gave me on my wedding.
Very nice. They're beautiful. What else did they give you?
I mean, we have a lot of servants. You should be careful with the expensive items.
No. I'm not careless. I take care of my things.
Where? There's no place in the room where you can save the things?
No. I have a drawer in the wardrobe. I keep the keys with me. None of my belongings have ever been misplaced.
But why are you asking?
Why? Can I not ask?
No, you've never shown interest in any of my things so that's why.
I'm your husband. I can ask. Whether you don't believe me, I'm very sincere with you. I've kept your secret and I'll keep it until you cooperate with me.
Your coffee is getting cold.
Its because of you she's lost trust on me. I will have to work hard to win her over.
I didn't know she's come in like that. But tell me what have you thought?
I don't understand. I cannot do anything with an empty pocket. Her family didn't even ask about her.
Did she not bring any cash or jewelry from home?
Yes. She does have some cash and jewelry
You're so stupid. You can sell those and spend some good time.
Have you lost your mind? Will I lose her trust for some money? Only you asked me to be patient.
No. But take what is in your house. You will not get the wealth so easily. Her father will not bend so easily.
It can take years.
I'll have to bear with this cray girl until then.
Be patient. Don't lose. She isn't an ordinary girl. She's a golden chicken.
Alright, I'll do something.
Take care. 
Bye.
Faiizan?
Yes what is it?
Where are you going?
How many times have I asked you not to question me and don't call me when I'm leaving.
I was just asking.
I'm going to a friend. I'll be late. Don't wait up for dinner.
What if your father asks?
Tell him whatever I told you.
You didn't even go to office. He will be angry.
So what if he'll be angry. Its between him and me. Don't interfere.
If you two argue, it affects everyone. The entire house comes under fire.
If you worry so much, ask him to talk to me softly. I'm going now. Don't wait for me.