You shouldn't have talked to your father like that. You don't listen to me.
No matter how he is, he's your father and you should respect him.
It's the children that always have to take care of the responsibility. But what about the parents? Don't they have any responsibility?
I've been here for so many days, but father hasn't asked about me once.
And when he called today, he didn't ask me how I am, where I am...
or the state I am in.
I admit that he's at fault.
But you're not right as well.
Natasha, you should fight for your right, but not in a way that upsets him.
Natasha, you are very naive, I have to understand everything about you.
Look, if you do as I say, you will endure any loss.
I know that you hate me, but I'm still looking out for you.
Because I love you.
Whether you admit it or not, this is love.
Seeing you in trouble makes me worried about you.
If you listen to me, you will never endure a loss.
I'm with you.
Please, don't ever think that you're alone. There is always a certain time...
and way to do something.
Listen to me, call your lawyer and tell him not to go against your father.
Look, I'll tell you what you need to do and when you need to do it.
Natasha, these matters of inheritance are not sorted out by being brash.
That way you will only antagonize your parents even more.
But I won't let that happen.
But I am your well-wisher.
Don't worry.
Greetings, how are you? How do you like my surprise?
What surprise?
I came back early.
So, you could have stayed.
Are you not happy I'm here?
When did I say that? I'm just saying that you went back after such a long time, you should have stayed, it would have made your parents very happy.
But I was very sad, I can't bear to live without you. So I've decided that whenever I go back, I won't go to stay.
And even if I do, I'll take you with me. How did you spend your two days? How goes your studies?
Good...
Tell me, how was your day at work today? Was work well?
Yes, thank God.
Here is tea for the two of you.
Only two cups? Why didn't you make one for yourself?
I've already had mine.
Really... that was quick.
Thank you so much Farwa.
You're welcome
Razi, did you and Safdar come back home together from work?
No mother, I left for home early.
Uncle was at work.
My dear, Safdar is very worried because of Natasha.
Take care of your uncle at work.
If you need anything, ask me.
Sure mother, I'll be sure to do that.
Mother, brother Razi seems different, doesn't he? He doesn't seem like his older version.
By God's good grace, he seems very happy.
Yes... it seems that way to me as well.
Tell me, what is it?
No, it's nothing like that. You two are misunderstood.
No, my dear, there is a reason. Both of us can't be wrong.
Mother, I'm very happy about my work.
A new project is incoming and I'm expecting to lead it.
Really?
Yes...
Wow... thank God.
May God give you overnight success. This is great news!
Amen.
Yes mother, if God is willing.
So, does that mean that brother Faizan will stop interfering in your matters?
He still isn't involved in it.
Once I get this project, I'll go far away from here.
What are you saying? Don't say such things.
No, I was saying that regarding my work.
Still, I won't let you go far away from my gaze.
But mother, come with me.
Alright, tell me, when is your project starting?
No, we've just started working on it. As soon as uncle finalizes it, then it will go further.
What about Faizan? Is he not with you?
Mother, please pray...
that uncle doesn't think of that.
I don't know why, I can't tolerate that man.
That's very bad, you shouldn't say that.
Faizan is your cousin and he's like your brother.
One doesn't nurture hatred for family.
No mother, I know...
You know me, I can never think bad for anyone.
But that man...
always degrades me, and that's why I want to go far away from him.
Why do you feel bad? God has promised us nourishment...
He is the one who nourishes us all. He gives to his people from places that they do not know.
You will get the nourishment that is destined for you.
Just comply with the decisions of God.
He makes everything better.
My name is Razi...
And Razi always complies with the decisions of God.
Brother, don't you think you're forgetting something?
You needed to pay my semester fees.
Oh yes, I remember it. Don't worry about it...
God willing, I'll pay for it on my way to work tomorrow.
Thank you.
Welcome.
She's very innocent.
She's very simple.
I don't know why...
but she thinks my false love for her is true.
And... for the first time in my life, I feel guilty and you know that I don't feel guilty.
I never used to get upset, no matter what.
Nothing is right.
She loves me unconditionally and I...
am constantly being disloyal to her.
I mean...
I'm lying to her continuously.
She's your wife and it's in her nature to love you.
Besides, you were impressed by her beauty.
I tried staying away from her.
I mean, I did try...
Her innocence...
Her beauty...
attracts me to her.
I've started to like Hadia...
I don't know, but I can't leave Ramsha...
I've promised her as well. But I don't want to leave Hadia as well...
I promised Ramsha if my father learns of this, he will never forgive me. You know how he is...
He will disown me and that's insane.
You understand right? I can't hurt anyone, neither Ramsha nor Hadia.
I promised her that I'll marry her and I don't think I can follow through with that promise.
Are you insane?
You've become a sandwich between two girls.
A man traveling on two separate ships can never be happy.
Listen to me, get rid of Ramsha...
If your dad learns of this, he will oust you from his home.
And if that happens, forget about Ramsha, no girl in this world will look at you.
I can't leave her...
Do you love her?
What kind of question is that?
Do you love her?
Of course, I do.
I don't think that it's love.
I think you're only afraid of her.
Ramsha has used a lot of people and developed a firm grip on you.
Sly girls like Ramsha fool men like you...
What are you saying?
I'm telling you that I love her and you're saying that nonsense. She has suffered a lot for me...
I promised her that we'll live and die together and I won't break her heart. I can't break Hadia's heart for anyone!
We were talking about Ramsha.
Bro, you love Hadia, I knew it.
At least don't lie to me... I knew it.
Why am I even talking to you?
Alright, I'm sorry...
Okay, I'm sorry. I said I'm sorry Faizi.
I said I'm sorry. Come on Faizi!
Liar... coward!
What is it now? Who are you angry at now?
Faizan, ever since his wife came back, he hasn't been picking up my calls.
He didn't come to meet me as well. I had entrapped him...
He couldn't pass a day without meeting me...
I will not let Hadia ruin my hard work so easily.
Faizan will have to be mine.
I told you so many times...
that you won't succeed, but you didn't listen once to me...
You will gain nothing from a cowardly man like Faizan.
I don't know about that, but right now I don't have much time to think about some fling.
Right now I'm thinking of ways to entrap Faizan...
I'm not only worried about that. Faizan still hasn't given me this month's allowance.
If Faizan stops his hand, then where will we go?
You're not his wife...
that he would give you a monthly allowance to spend.
Ramsha this is enough. Forget about Faizan...
Think of some other option.
Don't tell me about other options, just tell me how to win Faizan over.
What should I do that makes him mine and makes him marry me?
You will not gain anything by marrying him. Safdar will never accept you.
I'll remove that old man out of the way in a snap once Faizan is mine.
Mother, please help me. Tell me something that will force Faizan to marry me.
I don't care if he married me in hiding. Once he marries me...
then I will find a way.
He will never accept.
He is a cowardly man.
Anyways...
If you're that desperate...
then I'll have to think of something.
He's not picking up?
No, he's not.
I'll find some way.
Natasha...
Natasha...
Hmm?
I've bought these things for the kitchen, I'll hire a maid from tomorrow. But you'll have to cook.
I told you before and I'm telling you again...
I don't know how to cook. Until I'm here, I'll bear my expenses.
And my mother gave me some money. When they end, she'll send some more through her driver.
And, did you service my car? I could hear a noise coming from it.
I did go to the mechanic, but the bill to fix that is very high.
I don't have so much money right now
Take the money from me tomorrow.
I may be poor but I'm not that shallow...
I'm your husband, I can't spread my hands in front of you for everything.
I'll do everything for you according to my standard.
I will make sure you lack nothing.
As if anything he says is the truth. I know him very well.
Yes, auntie...
Faizan, where are you, my dear?
You haven't visited us in two days. Ramsha is very upset, she misses you.
I'm busy right now. I won't be able to visit for a few days, I did tell her that. I've transferred the money to your account.
Faizan we don't need your money, we need you.
Sure, auntie, I'll come by. Tell her to be ready, I'll take her for dinner tonight.
Enough is enough. How much longer will you stall on my daughter because of your father?
People have been making all sorts of stories about visits. The landlord has asked us to empty the house.
What do you want?
You're not a child who doesn't understand. This is not America...
where there is a boyfriend-and-girlfriend culture. This is our religion...
and this is our country. We have to act accordingly. To prove our love...
we need to send out proposals...
You'll have to marry Ramsha soon.
You know that isn't possible right now.
Enough Faizan. Things are out of our control.
The water has gone over our heads.
The affair between you and Ramsha has spread in our society, what do you want?
Do you want to defame my daughter? So that you don't accept her, nor does anyone else.
Will my daughter wait for you for her entire life? Men lose nothing in such matters...
Girls are the ones who are defamed...
I admit that Ramsha's father lives in a different city, but he is not unaware of her. He knows everything.
If this reaches his ears, he will file a complaint against you.
He will drag you through the mud.
What do you want?
Our neighbors are making all sorts of stories about your visits here...
Before the landlord ousts us...
I want you to marry Ramsha.
Marry her... once you get married to her...
you and your family will have to comply. Then you can convince your family.
What?
Once you have a child, your parents will have to agree.
Bring a few friends on Friday, marry Ramsha, and take her with you.
I'll take care of Ramsha's father. Once the marriage is done, no one will be able to do anything.
The rest we'll figure out later.
Auntie, you know this is a big step and I can't take it hiding it from my family.
You need to do this the way you...
met my daughter in secret...
What is the matter, Faizan?
Ever since I've returned I can see that you've been upset.
It's nothing like that.
There is something that you're hiding from me.
As I said, it's nothing like that.
Are you sure?
Of course, I'm sure. Why are you so persistent? I'm your husband, you should believe me.
When I said it's nothing like that, then there isn't.
I fully trust you.
I fear that you might get upset with me again.
Faizan, there is no trusting your mood. Sometimes you're good, sometimes you're not.
Do you know what the problem is?
You're very nice...
You take such good care of me...
Why would I be upset at you?
I just get afraid.
Of what?
Of losing you.
I fear that you might go far away from me...
Do you know...
You are the one I trust the most in this world.
Is that the truth...
Don't love me too much.
I'm not worthy of your love.
If you miss her that much...
then call her back.
Forgive her.
I forgave her...
she made me realize...
that I made a mistake forgiving her.
Actually, she is...
not worthy of my forgiveness.
Please Safdar...
She's your daughter.
She made a mistake, she's naive.
Naive?
Naive is someone who regrets their mistake.
Naive is someone who is ashamed.
Not someone who makes the mistake over and over again.
She's my daughter...
I couldn't even imagine staying away from her.
I had no intention of removing her from my inheritance.
This was all a show, so she comes back home, out of fear.
But...
what did she do?
She ruined my respect.
She threatened me to drag me through court.
She said that she'll talk about me in the media.
It's not her fault.
It's our fault.
We didn't raise her the way we should have.
I wonder about those lucky parents...
The only thing I've taken from this is that...
I'll never be able to experience joy from my children.
Excuse me.
Drink this.
Why, what is in it?
It's blessed water. Drinking it will drive your tensions away.
How do you know I'm tense?
I know everything.
No matter whether you share it with me, or not. But I know that you're worried since last night.
I decided to help you out. Drink, it will work as an anti-depressant for you...
What is mixed into it?
It's blessed water. I blew holy verses into it.
Do you believe these things?
Tell me one thing, why do you eastern girls employ such tactics to control their husbands?
What tactics? I don't need to do these things to win over your love.
I've been trying to do that with my love and care.
And I will continue doing so and then one day I'll succeed.
You don't need to do anything to impress me.
You've already made your place in m heart.
Really?
You're so lovely and innocent.
No one may dislike you.
It's magical, there's magic inside it.
I told you so.
It's working.
So soon?
What you did wasn't right Natasha! It was hard for me to make your place in Safdar's heart.
You burned all bridges.
You were wrong to think that he could forgive me.
He doesn't care about me.... please help me mother, don't add to my worries.
Nothing has happened. Talk to your lawyer and take your case back.
I promise that I will Safdar to you and he will accept you.
No mother, I will stay on the decision I've taken. No matter to what extent I have to go to.
I will take my rights.
Are you insane? You know your father, right? He won't name a single penny to your name.
How will he not?
I don't know how I should make you understand.
Don't try and make me understand, make father understand.
Give me my right, otherwise, he'll be responsible for what happens.
You will do no such thing.
You will take such a step.
I will, and everyone will witness it. I've seen father's hatred, now he'll see mine.
She's very nice... I mean...
I mean so nice that I'm attracted to her. I can't stop that from happening.
It's becoming impossible
I'm talking to you.
Trying to sort out your marriage issue is making me feel like a married man.
Help me out, I'm sharing something with you.
What is the problem...
she's your wife, you're her husband. You're attracted to her and she is too, it's very natural. Isn't this how it happens?
But... what have you decided about Ramsha...
Ramsha...
Speak of the devil, she's calling.
Pick it up...
I'll talk to her later, not now.
You're avoiding her.
That means you're not interested in her anymore.
No, I'm not avoiding her.
You don't understand Faizi, you're not interested in Ramsha anymore.
I'm not avoiding her...
The problem is that Ramsha and I don't have normal conversations anymore. We always fight when we talk.
All we do is fight and nothing else. Maybe it's my fault because I'm unable to give her time nowadays.
Listen to me, save yourself from Ramsha. You're already in trouble...
be in between. Do you think uncle will forgive you for doing this?
What about Hadia? How much pain it will cause her when she learns of it?
You're cheating on Hadia.
I love Ramsha and I only love her.
Hadia is just too nice. I'm only attracted to her because of that. It's not love.
I promised Ramsha that I can't leave her.
Hadia knows a little about Ramsha.
What!
You told her about Ramsha...
I did not... I told her a little bit... but it's sorted now.
She believed you?
What kind of innocent girl is she?
What else should I do? That's exactly what I'm saying. I don't know what to do. On one hand, is Hadia and on the other is Ramsha.
What should I do?
Faizi... take this.
Come here...
It's not bad.
Safdar didn't have breakfast today. He left without eating.
Aunt Shina seems off as well.
I think they fought.
They are worried because of Natasha. Especially Safdar.
That foolish girl has ruined her parents because of her desires.
Lord knows if she's happy or not. Sister Shina has always been worried for her.
She's been upset ever since her uncle decided to remove Natasha from the inheritance.
Why would she want Safdar to remove her daughter from her inheritance?
God forbid, what if that happens?
If that happens, then it is very worrisome.
Sister Shina is already upset at us. If this happens she won't tolerate us here for a moment.
If it were up to her she would oust her today. We're staying here because of my uncle.
I was thinking about it... if this happens we'll leave on our own accord.
Obviously, we'll have to do that, what else...