I didn't believe it before
you know it Fizza
yes
but you tell me, it won't matter
I had an objection of father breaking the engagement. I argued a lot too
what else could I do? He is my father
and I couldn't say further
Put yourself in my shoes and think. What if your father had taken a decision against me?
then what would have you done?
I fought a lot for you, and also wanted to meet you
but neither you agreed, nor father
now you tell me, what could I do? I only had one option
to go back to US forever and not return back
this was a big punishment for parents who had only one son
and only for you, I did this too
Nisar, my father has passed away
He couldn't tolerate constant blames on his daughters and left us
now you tell me, as an obedient daughter
you are right ..
your loss is huge
and it can't be paid off
we can only send peace to uncle's sould. I believe if his daughters would be able to make their house again ..
then it can be possible
I won't do the engagement now. I will marry you directly
I will wait for your decision
how much I used to warn you
about Ramsha. But you didn't hear anything I said
after this disgusting girl
you have given us a huge loss. Do you even know it?
Look at your sister. What has happened to her because of that Raazi
your friends?
I never liked your friends
I had always warned you not to be friends with them
you trusted that disgusting Zohaib who is a fraud
and gave your father a loss of millions
how could you be so stupid, Faizan?
and you?
Have  you always supported him?
Have you always thought for his benefit?
Why are you taunting me about my sister?
you never liked Raazi then why are you blaming me?
and why would I only consider Natasha's condition? Why not my own?
My life is ruined too. You kicked my wife out of this house
Hadia ..
too much injustice happened to her
too much injustice
I accept that all my decisions of life were wrong but I took those decisions because you asked me
I had never met Raazi. I hated because you asked me
I couldn't give space to Hadia in my heart just because of you.
Faizan?
Enough!
as far as hurting father is concerned
I accept, I did it
I accept that I hurt him and never listened to him
but what did you do?
You spent his wealth with both your hands. To ruin Fizza's reputation you gave away 1 million rupees
its pointless now
its too late
everything is finished.
Faizan?
Safdar? Please forgive me
I know that ..
I made a huge mistake
but I'm ready to correct my mistake
I'll apologize to Fizza
and ..
I'm ready to hold her feet and apologize
I will apologize to Hadia too
you ..
you take me to them, please
Trust me, Safdar
Trust?
You don't deserve it
I trusted you everytime
about me
about my children
in return
everytime
you have broken my trust
and now ..
in hatred of Hadia and Raazi
you have crossed all the limits and have ruined your own children happiness
look
look at her condition
you are to blame for this
I'm ready to apologize to Raazi as well
I know that he will forgive me. He's too good
He will forgive me .. please
There is no doubt in it that he's such a good person. I also know that he'd forgive you too
but using kindness of others for your own benefit ..
it would be unfair too, Sheena
its of no use now
he's leaving
Forever, he's not just leaving the city
but the country too
you .. you stop him
take me to him. I'll apologize
I will apologize for all my sins and mistake. Please take me to him
I'll apologize
its too late
its late
in your ego
and your hatred, you have crossed every limit
you didn't care about those pious girls as well
you have ruined our relationship too
if possible, you and your son should bow down ..
and ask for apology from God
May be, He'd forgive you
You are continuously taking care of me, and aren't sleeping. You'll get tired
You don't get tired serving your own people
I want to look after you my whole life
You won't go on a walk without me now
Do you really love me this much?
Is there any doubt?
Hadia, I was calling you
you didn't pick
and that's fine, why would you?
so ..
I wanted to apologize
Do you know, something is happening
I feel like I'm breaking from inside. I don't understand what to do?
I did wrong
too wrong. If possible ..
forgive me, I'm really sorry
no!
I will never forgive
I could forgive all the sins
but when you character assassinated
I can't forgive it ever. Do not wait for me to return back
I have burned all the boats
I won't come back
Was it brother Faizan calling? What was he saying?
He was apologizing
I can never forgive
I could forgive all the sins but when you character assassinated, I can't forgive it ever. Do not wait for me to return. I have burned all the boats I won't come back
Have you forgiven him?
Do you think I could forgive what he did?
He has no connection with my life now
This is why do not mention him next time
the person who has gone from my life
I don't care about his apology
I have told mother
as soon as possible
send them divorce papers
its of no use now
he's leaving
forever. No only he's leaving this city but
he's leaving the country
Mother and father would never bring Raazi back
I'd have to talk to Raazi myself
no .. phone
I'll go to Raazi's house
and convince him
I'll convince auntie too
It wasn't my fault in this all
I never thought wrong about Raazi
I love him a lot
I should convince Raazi and apologize
I believe that he'll accept me
I can't live without him
don't you think Fizza, that it wasn't right to reject Nissar?
He was the only one standing with you when everyone was blaming you
Sister, you all
Fizza, everyone claim that they love, but the one who supports you in difficult time
he loves you truly
and it isn't sensibleness to reject such people. Its thanklessness
condition of our house is in front of you
father has left
I'm alone
In this all..
you have two examples, one Faizan and one Nissar
if you can't really differentiate between good and bad
then you can't reject Nissar
but now ..
nothing has happened now. He called you 6 times. If you'll call him one time, it won't hurt you
Call him
You Fraud .. you disgusting man
I want my money back
This is why I called you
otherwise, a buyer doesn't care after the deal
Saliq, you have to return every penny of mine or else I'll deal with you badly
You don't need to do anything. But yes, speak properly
then I can talk to you about work
Speak up
Ramsha and Zohaib not only betrayed you but me too
betrayed?
you?
how dare them
anyways, I'm happy what your father did to them. Both are behind bars now
anyways, you do one thing. Go to Ramsha's house
There is a bag of mine
you send that bag to me
one minute, what are you saying?
I'm in Dubai right now. But I do have a known person in Karachi
He has his flight after an hour. You send that bag to him
and I promise, as soon as I'd get my bad, I'll transfer your money to you
and also the factory
but why would I trust you? You have already cheated me
My dear Faizan, you have no other option left but to trust me
and you are the only person who can send my bag to me
you save me from loss, I'll save you
How can this be possible. I don't know where did she keep her bag?
Look, you'll find it when you'll search for it. If you'll keep questioning
then 2 hrs will be passed. And if I won't get my bag, then you can also forget your money and factory
fine
stay in contact
okay!
Natasha, where are you going?
mother, I'm going to convince Raazi. I know that he'll forgive me
you aren't going anywhere. You aren't well. You aren't allowed driving
mother, please let me go
He will leave the country and go, and will never come back
Natasha listen to me?
Faizan?
For God's sake, stop her. She is going after Faizan
I have something important
Please, her life is under risk. She is not allowed to drive
This is my last chance to convince father. I really have to go
Natasha ..
from now, you will stay with me here forever
Natasha?
How many times have I stopped you not to allow her to go out of home like this? You know her mental condition really well
I tried hard to stop her but she didn't listen. She left
You do one thing, call Raazi and ask if she has reached or not
I will call Raazi. Where is Faizan
I don't know. He left in emergency. He was saying its something important
Its Natasha calling
My child, where are you? I have been calling you since long .. you ..
accident?
what are you saying?
Safdar?
He was saying that Natasha had an accident?
what?
Natasha? Natasha?
how did this happen?
Let us do our work please. Don't worry and pray
Who is this speaking?
This is Saliq speaking. Tell me, is Faizan there?
We have nothing to do with Faizan now. He has ruined my daughter's life. Police has arrested Ramsha as well with Zohaib. And this all happened because of you.
Listen to me carefully, bail my daughter out in two days. Otherwise, it won't be good for you
I will tell the truth to Safdar Kamal
I promise, I will bail out Ramsha soon
You do one thing. Faizan will be there very soon. There is a bad in Ramsha's room. Give that bag to Faizan. Also, keep one thing in mind. There is no need to question Faizan
What's in it?
Don't question a lot. Do what I asked you
and I promise that Ramsha will be bailed out soon and will be with you
you?
You ruined my daughter's life
I ruined her life?
you both ruined me. She wasn't loyal to me. Neither she became mine nor let Hadia be mine. It's me who is being punished
No, your are being punished for your cowardliness
a man who couldn't decide who to stay with 
should be punished like this
Go inside, and pick whatever you want to. And listen, do not show me your face ever