Come Safdar.
This is the five-canal land that I mentioned. 
It's suitable for a mosque and a small hospital.
As God wills.
I feel it's very suitable but you're the buyer.
Thank you.
Do you know, I like the atmosphere at brother Aleem's house. 
Meeting him feels very comfortable.
The family's love and devotion show how families ought to live and how to value relationships.
Do they still live in that deserted mansion? 
They could have at least gotten some renovations. 
I'm scared of going there, what if it falls on my head?
No auntie, their mansion is very nice. 
It's built anciently but they have maintained it well.
I think Razi, your taste is rather antiquated.
But brother Aleem is a humble and gracious human being 
and his wife Khadijah, she's also very nice.
Yes mom, they gave us a very good protocol
Of course. They will give you the protocol. You went with your uncle.
Dad, it's not good that you stayed the night in Hyderabad yesterday.
You know I had a reservation at the restaurant.
I had to cancel it because you didn't come.
I'm sorry dear, our car broke down and we had to stay there.
Why did you cancel the reservation?
You could have taken your aunt along.
Dad... You're the limit...
By the way, I feel you staying there without a reason was an excuse only.
You must be enjoying yourself. They are being so hospitable to you, and why wouldn't they be?
You have done them so many favors.
 Even them licking the dirt off your feet wouldn't be enough for them to repay you.
What favors are you talking about?
How many things should I remind you of?
For the elder daughter, you had a school made and for the younger daughter, you're having a hospital made.
Enough Shina.
I'm not doing this for brother Aleem, I'm doing it for myself. 
It was my late father's wish...
to build a school. 
Brother Aleem's daughter has done us a huge favor by teaching there, to date. 
As far as this hospital & mosque is concerned...
I'm doing all of this to make my Lord happy and you...
Forget about it, Safdar. Stop talking about it and eat your dinner before it gets cold.
I've already eaten, sister. Excuse me.
Safdar... listen to me...
He gets upset over little things. Don't worry Shina, he'll get better soon.
Why don't you take something? How about flat bread?
This is my home, and I'll eat whatever I want. If you guys have eaten...
then I'll ask the driver to drop you guys home.
Farewell.
Let's go, mother.
Listen to me...
We came here to eat and we've done that.
Besides, all of your hosts are gone. I'm waiting for you outside.
Alright... what's gotten into you?
I'm waiting for you outside!
What's gotten into him? He has such a short temper.
Shall I give you bread?
Sure, give me a slice.
What happened to that boy?
What boy?
I'm talking about Faizan... I don't think you'll have your way there as well.
I think you're underestimating me.
Leave it be.
You were so confident about Junaid as well.
That is possible. But experience comes with time.
If you spend your entire life waiting for experience to come, then nothing will come your way. 
Life is not all about experiences.
To spend a good life, one always needs money.
Mother, Faizan is very different from Junaid.
Yes, he's short-tempered and emotional, but I'll be able to handle him.
Did you talk to him about marrying you?
Yes, I did, but he's asked for some time.
Some time? It's been so long since you two have been friends, how much time does he need?
Mother, stop stressing out.
 I know that Faizan will not marry anyone else but me.
Think carefully about it.
I don't want you to be left empty-handed.
Mother, why do you worry so much?
If Faizan doesn't even marry me, even then I'll be able to extract a lot of money from him.
By the time I'm your age, I'll have a lot of money to my name. I won't be empty-handed at all.
Hello...
This is Safdar Kamal speaking.
Yes, what is it?
What price do you want to leave my son's life?
Pardon?
What's wrong with her? Why is her cell phone switched off?
Hello?
Thank God you picked up.
You're Hadia, right?
you!
Why did you come to school today?
Did you not like it?
No, but... I was shocked that you were there.
Did you tell your father about it?
No, but... if you had come so far, you should have met him.
Sure.. I'll meet him some other time maybe.
Then what was the meaning of you coming so far from Karachi to Hyderabad?
To tell you the truth, I came here to see you.
I can't believe what you're saying, Safdar.
Meaning is there no other girl for our son, than that illiterate girl!
That illiterate girl is better than that girl...
The girl your son has chosen. By the way the girls you just called illiterate...
is a university graduate and she's running a primary school.
She's an educated and kind girl, who can bring our son on the right path.
She can educate the next generation. Please don't become your son's enemy by opposing her.
Alright fine, I'll accept what you're saying.
For a moment, think that I've accepted what you're saying...
But still, Natasha will never agree with Razi.
I'm talking about Natasha, I'm talking about you. 
How do you think Razi is for your daughter?
Safdar, these are modern children, if we enforce our decisions on them...
then they can take a wrong step as a reaction.
I'm not a stranger. I'm their father, whatever I'll think for them will be for the best.
All I want is for you to support me.
Sorry, Safdar...
I can't support you in this matter.
What kind of wife and mother are you?
Meaning, you have no problem with your daughter marrying a non-muslim and your son marrying a girl like Ramsha?
What kind of decisions are you thinking about taking?
Decision? You've already taken a decision.
You forced us to shift to Pakistan from America.
Did you ask about our opinion? 
Somehow I'll find a way to force myself to stay here...
but our children are not used to this environment...
I have no idea what they will do here and how will they live here!
Then tell me, what would they have done there?
At least over here, they will develop respect and character. 
And there will be no fear of them marrying non-muslim people.
Why don't you understand? 
Please, Shina, help me, one last time...
Sorry Safdar...
I can't talk to them about this topic. I can't force them. They are modern children...
I don't have the strength to talk to them.
Okay...
Thank you very much. I'll talk to my children myself.
Excuse me.
By God's good grace, my son seems very happy today.
Is there any special reason for that?
No mother, please sit with me.
Tell me something...
What magic do you hold that you learn about what's going on in your heart before I do?
A mother has no magic...
A mother has a heart that can read their child's happiness and sorrow.
But looking at you, anyone could have told, me how happy you are.
Tell me, what were you looking at on your phone?
Forget about that. What is her name?
Hadia.
She's uncle Aleem's daughter.
Mother, I don't know why...
Looking at Hadia, I fell in love with her.
I realized that this is the girl I imagined...
Mother, Hadia is my ideal...
If it's like that, I'll visit brother Aleem this week and talk to him.
What's the hurry mother... I mean...
Let me first talk to Hadia, and see what she wants...
Oh really...
My son has become so modern that he will first propose to the girl on the phone and then he will send her mother.
What's wrong with it mother?
No there's nothing wrong with it, but brother Aleem's brother is very traditional
 and it's possible that Hadia doesn't like it as well.
Then?
I'll visit brother Aleem and talk to him.
He'll tell me whether he agrees, or disagrees.
Can he refuse?
Yes.
He has the full right to... but it doesn't seem that he will refuse.
My God's good grace is one in a million. 
Even if he searches the entire world over, he won't be able to find such a great son-in-law...
Did I disturb you?
You called me, even though I told you not to call me.
I'm not your friend, otherwise, I could have said that I missed you.
Say what you called me to say.
I called to inform you that you haven't sent me the second installment.
You'll get it by tomorrow.
Thank you so much.
I'm sure that you will not forget it tomorrow. I trust you.
But I don't trust you. Let me remind you that this will be the second and last installment.
I remember, don't you worry.
Remember your promise.
You will not come back to Pakistan, nor will you keep any contact with my son.
Okay, uncle.
Hello... I need the first available flight to Dubai. Yes, this is an emergency.
Please, let me know asap.
Faizan...
What is going on? Where are you going?
I'm leaving for Dubai, right now.
Are you insane? You're leaving home for what wretched girl!
No matter how she is, she's my choice and my father has no right to do this to me.
Faizan... that girl took a bribe from your father to go to Dubai.
Can't you see how vile she is... she's not interested in you, she's interested in your wealth.
Father threatened her! This is what he always does, he wants to impose his will, all the time!
He doesn't care about our choice at all! 
He's a dictator and I will never forgive him for this.
Faizan, why are you getting so aggressive for that girl?
When you know that she isn't worthy...
And you said that you will not marry her, then why are you running after her?
I made a mistake...
I asked father to relax so that he let things go...
But I don't care anymore. Let me be very clear...
I love her, why is it so hard for you to understand that? I can't leave her.
Faizi, what's wrong with you? Why are you arguing with your mother and father about that stupid girl?
Stay out of it and worry about yourself. Father is marrying Razi, did you tell her about it?
What? Mother, do you know about this?
I cannot believe this.
Father... what's wrong with you? How can you even think of marrying me to Razi?
I've told you, I like David and I will only marry him.
And I've also told you that will not happen, while I'm alive.
What's wrong with you? How can I marry someone who I can't even look at?
And he survives on eating your scraps, how will I manage to live with him?
Look, my dear, I've thought long and hard before selecting Razi for you.
He's a hardworking and respectful man. Soon he'll be standing with me. He's a bright future.
You're the one who will do all of this for him.
Can't you see, this is so unfair?
And listen to me, I won't let this happen.
Where's my passport? Do you have it?
Please listen to me and try and understand.
Don't be so angry. I'll talk to father and he'll convince Ramsha back.
I don't care about it anymore. 
Give me my passport if you have it. If it's somewhere else, tell me and I'll get it.
Faizi, you're not going alone, I'm coming along as well.
I can't live in a home where one can't even breathe on their own will.
Are you sure?
Safdar, please do something. Both of them are leaving home.
They'll come to their senses when they'll be isolated for a few days.
For God's sake forget about your ego and think!
How can you be happy by snatching your children's happiness?
I'm snatching their happiness?
I'm ashamed of your thinking. 
Your son is going crazy over their vile woman and your daughter is dying to marry that non-muslim.
They're right and I'm wrong.
 I'm trying to find good matches for them so that they can be married to good families...
then I'm their enemy.
It's not that. I want you to control the situation somehow.
Do you want me to cheer them up? That will not happen, Shina!
Even if they threaten me with suicide, I will not accept their wrong demands.
I'm not asking you to agree with them.
But just stop them from going. If they leave, they may never come back.
Where are you two going?
Out of the country.
And me too.
Without a passport?
Meaning, you have the passports.
I want my passport.
Even if I want to, I can't give you your passport.
Because I have...
burned both of your passports. Not only that...
I've blocked both of your credit cards as well.
You can only get these things back...
when Faizan, you decide to marry Hadia and you decide to marry Razi.
Never!
I will never marry that illiterate woman!
Illiterate you say?
Who told you this?
What do you know about her? I've never seen...
She is such an educated and respectful girl like her. Brother Aleem and his wife have raised her exceptionally well.
Lucky people find relationships like that and you...
Who are you to reject her... pray that she agrees to marry you.
Why would she refuse?
 She'll get such a rich and handsome man!
They've taken your money all their life and now you're giving them a blank checkbook.
No matter what you think... I've decided...
He'll have to do what I say. Faizan will have to marry Hadia, at all costs.
And Razi, there is no better man than him for Natasha.
Then listen to my decision as well.
If I can't leave this country, then I won't stay in this house.
Faizan stop, please...
I won't come back until he changed his decision.
Until I'm alive, no one can force you two. But if you do this out of anger...
then nothing will be left in your hands.
I am sorry mother...
If you're stubborn, then you should remember that I'm your son...
Faizan!
Whatever you're doing isn't right...
Your son has left home and you're daughter wants to leave. 
What are you doing?
Whatever I'm doing...
is for their betterment. I'm their father, not their enemy.
I lose sleep thinking...
about where my children stand and what they're doing. What haven't I done for them?
You're not the only father who does this... many fathers do what you've done and some even do more than you.
You're not doing anything special, nor are you doing anyone, any favors!
You have never cherished my hard work and sacrifices.
Don't forget who gave you...
what you have.
After all, you're their mother, so you will speak their tongue.
The paths your children have chosen...
is taking them toward their downfall. How can I see them drown in front of me?
How can I marry them into those places?
Our religion...
allows us to marry whomever we want.
Alright, I won't enforce my decision on them...
but I will not allow them to go where they want to go.
Mother, where's my phone? Has father hidden that as well?
This is so stupid! Does he think that hiding my phone...
will stop me from contacting David? 
I have lots of other ways to contact David, you do know that, right mother?
He can't stop us from taking our decisions.
Does he think he's done some exceptional by sending Ramsha to Dubai?
It's nothing like that.
Why don't you say anything? Please give me some cash.
I want to make my passport.
Natasha, do you trust me?
I do.
Then wait a while, and see what I do.
But please try to get me my phone.
Thank you.
Brother Aleem's family is very traditional, maybe Hadia won't like it as well.
I'm sorry, I was dialing someone else's number and mistakenly called you.
Alright, I'll hang up then.
It's you... how are you?
Leave it be... why are you asking me that? You mistakenly dialed this number, right?
I was just... sorry...
Then tell me the truth, why have you called? What business do you have with your father?
To tell you the truth, I had no business with your father.
Then who were you trying to call?
You...
Oh really?
Why?
I was just...
To tell you the truth, I was calling you.
 Ever since I saw you for the first time, I took a liking to you.
Please before hanging up, listen to me.
I was attracted to your simple nature.
To tell you the truth you are as beautiful inside, as you are outside.
I only wanted to call you because my family will be visiting you very soon.
To talk about our marriage.
I hope that you won't send them back empty-handed.
I'll be waiting.
Hello?
I was attracted to your simple nature.
You are as beautiful inside...
as you are outside.
Think about it... how can someone...
be so strict with their adolescent children.
I'm surprised to hear that as well...
I don't know why Safdar is doing that...
I didn't realize that he would get so stubborn.
Don't worry... I'll talk to Safdar...
Sister, you have to refuse this proposal.
Natasha will never agree to marry Razi. And if she is forced...
then she can take a drastic step as well.
If you hadn't even said that, it would have been very hard for me to do this.
Because Razi likes some other girl...
And it's obvious that I'm happy for my son. We have to visit them next week.
If they say yes, then I'll set the date.
That's very good.
If God is willing.
Drink your tea...