hello!
have you seen the time? I've been waiting for you since an hour, where have you been!
easy
by the way, what's up with you?
you guys completely change after marriage
you used to only complain when you were a girlfriend, since you have become a wife
now you complain, get angry & upset too
Faizan, I think now its the right time that we shall tell everyone about our relation
what do you think?
what do you want me to do? Do you want me to shout & tell everyone that we have got married so that my dad will oust me from the house?
when did I said that?
But Faizan, we have to take out the solution of this problem
and, the biggest hurdle of our path is Hadia
why don't we plan something that she shall go away from the path automatically?
what!
yes... why are you so amazed?
what do you think? Will I be meeting you secretly for my entire life?
listen to me Faizan
I don't like to ruin my life, understand!
as it is, you cannot divorce her because of your father
so we have to plan something eventually
what is wrong with you, what are you saying?
Faizan, do you remember you had told me that Hadia had an affair in the past. Something like that
yes, I had told you. So?
don't you worry. Leave all the planning on me
I will plan something that Hadia will be defamed & she won't be able to show her face to anyone
then your father will oust her from his house & our path will be cleared
Ramsha, I think you have gone mad
what are you saying!
Faizan, I am trying to help you
this is the only solution to remove Hadia from our path
I'm out of here, I think you've gone mad
Faizan, listen to me
Faizi! wait
Faizan, listen to me... what's your problem?
Faizi, listen to me
Faizan, what is with you? wait a minute
what is it?
Faizi, why are you being so upset? I said, I am sorry
I will do whatever you will ask me to do
I am not asking you to tell everyone right away. We won't tell anyone till you don't want to
do you remember, we had got married on one condition that this marriage will remain a secret till I want it to be
I know, and you know how much you mean to me
I won't do anything to hurt you
then why are you forcing me?
Faizi, I said I'm sorry
I said, I will do everything as per your will
now come on, please cheer up. Fix your mood
lets go somewhere else, come on
come on Faizi, lets have some fun. Come
come on
today's episode is so interesting, right?
yes
ok tell me, did you call Razi?
has he reached safely in the morning?
there wasn't any network
I am asking you that whether you have called Razi or not, & you are saying that there wasn't any network
oh mom! I had called him but his phone wasn't connecting
I think there are no network over there
Okay
its alright, I will call him myself
by the way mom
there is one thing
yes?
since sister Hadia is not here, so this house looks so deserted
she used to keep me busy in some work when she was here
I have become so bored without her
yes, she is such a nice girl. She has a quality of keeping all the relations together
she takes very good care of everyone
her parents have done very nice upbringing of her
there is so much liveliness int he house when she is around
Natasha & Sheena! they hardly stays in the house
sister Hadia must be enjoying a lot
yes
she has gone on Pakistan tour for the very first time, right?
I just pray to God that they come back safely
hmm.. Amen
mom, tell me something
yes
by the grace of God, brother is getting a handsome salary now
so why don't we go for an outing?
I will tell Razi to take you as well
only me? and what about you?
what will I do by going? I don't feel like going anywhere
if you will not go, then nobody will go
oh
where are you guys planning to go?
she was just talking about some outing
yes, one should go out. Till when you will keep yourself closed in a room?
now see, Natasha is quite social. She keeps wandering around
girls of your age goes out for outings
Sheena, did you talk to the kids? are they fine?
are they fine over there?
yes, they must be fine
Faizan was having light fever, but I'm sure he must be fine now
I'm not that kind of a mother who disturbs their kids privacy by calling them again & again
they are mature & they will handle it
don't worry about my kids but yours
but I was just saying like that
I had told you not to talk to her much
brother Sultan, is the dinner ready?
yes madam, its ready. If you say so then shall I serve it?
No, let Faizan come then serve it
but sir had said that he will come late
and he will come after dinner
what happen, why the light has gone?
let me check, the generator is not working since yesterday
let me bring the lantern first, then I will get mechanic to fix the generator
greetings, Sir Razi how are you?
greetings to you too!
why its so dark here?
the light has gone & the generator is not working
Okay
where is Faizan?
he hasn't come as of yet, but madam is inside
ok fine
Faizan! its good that you came
I was so scared, you know there is no light & the generator is off as well
Hadia
I...
I'm Razi
you!
Gul Muhammad, whose car is it? Who came?
Mr. Razi is here
who?
Mr. Razi is here
Hadia
don't worry
its my mistake
why you came without informing?
I'm sorry
maybe I came on the wrong time... 
I should have come after informing you
you shouldn't have come
even Faizan is not at home
where is he?
he has gone to meet the contractor
dad had asked him to
he said this to you, & you have believed it?
what there to not believe?
he does this to you on daily basis
why didn't you tell uncle?
he meets a girl by making an excuse of a business meeting
what rubbish you are talking!
Hadia
Faizan is having an affair with a girl since so long
yes
and he had an affair before marriage, and I thought that he will fix himself after marriage but no!
he is betraying you
I had seen him with Ramsha with my own eyes 
you are lying!
Faizan doesn't have any relation with Ramsha anymore, he had sweared upon my life. He made me believed it
you are... 
so naive
he is making you a fool so easily
you don't have any right to interfere in my personal matters
I completely trust Faizan
you are right
what to do?
I cannot see anyone betraying you Hadia
I wouldn't have come here ever
I saw him with my own eyes
if I wouldn't have seen him, then I wouldn't have come to you today
I came to tell you
I know that it is your personal matter, and I don't have any right but... 
Hadia
Faizan used to like someone else before marriage
uncle forced him to marry you
he often meets her secretly
yes
I think you are pretending to be unaware unintentionally
look, you don't need to worry. You should talk to Faizan about this problem
if Faizan doesn't listen to you, then talk to uncle please
you shouldn't show anymore patience
what difference will it make if I will raise my voice?
if Faizan loves that girl truly
then no power in this world can stop him
you are his wife
you are married to him
and marriage hold a strong power, Hadia
you should try
look... 
you don't need to worry, I am with you
if you ever need anything, I am always there with you
please try
its such a strange thing
the people with whom our thinking matches
our fate isn't connected to them
I wish... 
I wish, I had sent your proposal before Faizan's
then this wouldn't have happened
today you've been mine instead of Faizan's
I have lost a diamond like person like you
even if I will search for a person with a light
still I won't be able to find a girl like you
I'm such an unfortunate
that I lost you because of my slightest mistake
Hadia
Faizan
when did you come?
why?
weren't you expecting me to come?
you guys must be amazed
do you have an idea that... 
what you are talking!
I know it very well that what I am saying
better late, but I've got to know about the affair of you two
I've listened everything
I've recorded everything, I've made a video with my phone
you were disgusting
but you will become so much disgusting, I had never thought of it
its not me who is disgusting, but you Razi
what were you doing with my wife so late at night in my absence!
stop your rubbish!
Faizan there isn't any such thing, let me explain you
what will you explain me!
what will you tell me?
I've heard everything, I saw everything!
he was the guy for whom you used to cry secretly?
he, my cousin!
Faizan, stop your rubbish otherwise!
otherwise what?
otherwise, what will you do? what can you do?
Hadia, what I had thought of you & what kind of a person you are
such a disgusting act, Hadia
Ramsha is better than you. She doesn't only says it. She truly loves me
so finally today you've accepted 
that still you are in a relation with Ramsha 
you meet her secretly, right?
you have been betraying me!
am I betraying you, Hadia?
its you who is betraying me!
by having an affair in my house with my cousin, in front of me
I said, stop your rubbish Faizan otherwise I will break your face
what will you do!
Razi please go from here. Please leave
I won't leave like this
he is putting such a disgusting allegation on you
I will go after solving this problem over here
this matter won't be resolved here, it will be resolved in front of dad
when he will see the video & tell who is the liar & who is telling the truth
really!
so
so you will black mail me?
I am not blackmailing you, I'm telling the truth Razi
just imagine when dad will get to know that his dearest nephew is having an affair with his daughter in law in his house. Then what will he do?
Faizan!
Razi!
leave each other
leave from here Razi
please leave. I will explain him
please leave for God sake, I beg you
please leave
I am leaving
I'm leaving
I'm going
Hadia
Hadia
Hadia, what happen?
Hadia get up
Hadia!
what happen?
Hadia, what happen to her?
how would I know? whatever happened its because of you
its not the right time to argue, just call the doctor
Hadia
Salman! bring water
Hadia, get up!
Salman!
Hadia
be quick!
Hadia
Hadia
be quick!
there is no need to worry
we have injected an IV to her, & sent few blood samples for the test
we will let you know as soon as we get the reports
you go
I won't go
I won't go anywhere till Hadia doesn't gain he conscious
really!
what do you want, Razi?
what do you want?
should I call dad & tell him about the love story of you two?
shall I tell him, how his dearest nephew is meeting his daughter in law... my wife secretly?
uncle will never believe on your rubbish!
really!
you think this way
but when he will see the video & the proof, then what do you think what will he say?
will he believe me or not?
there isn't any reality in those proves
and you know it very well
if you don't care about my respect, then at least think about your wife's respect
she has started to trust you
because of Ramsha...
shut up Razi!
just shut up!
enough!
you've taken enough of my place
you've always been taking my place
but now I'll humiliate you a lot in front of dad, that he won't even see your face
uncle trusts me & Hadia more than you
do you remember?
when uncle got to know about Ramsha for the very first time, did you noticed his reaction?
just think
when he will get to know that you are still in contact with Ramsha, then what will he do?
I don't believe how come Hadia is living with such a disgusting person like you!
Razi Shut up!
please talk politely. Its a hospital & you are not allowed to make noise over here
who is Hadia's husband?
yes
there is a good news for you
your wife is expecting
if you want you can meet her
as it is, we will discharge her in a while
congratulations!
you are very lucky Hadia
who got a good news even in her bad times
I'm ready
to forget everything
I'm ready to forgive you, but...
you have to promise me that you
will not keep any contact with Razi, you won't talk to him ever
I am ready to forgive all your sins & mistakes, just because you are about to become the mother of my baby unfortunately
which mistake?
which sin?
even after seeing everything, you are asking me this?
how can you even think such a disgusting thing?
you are asking me this question after seeing so much!
I feel like killing you & Razi, but I can't do it
Sadly, I cannot do this because you are about to become the mother of my baby
and I'm telling you that I am ready to forgive you & forget everything, but that Raazi
I just hate him, I cannot stand him anymore
I hate his face, his existence. I cannot stand him anymore
how shall I explain you!
how shall I make you believe that I & Razi was...
enough!
enough Hadia!
no third person will come in between us, that's it!
the third person that is there in between us is not Raazi but Ramsha
whom you talk secretly & meet
don't know since when you are betraying me, & I was such a fool that I thought you have started loving me
I don't have any relation with Razi
don't make me fall in my eyes by saying such things
enough Hadia! enough!
whatever I saw yesterday, after that I don't need any kind of clarification
I am going to kick him out of the house as soon as I reach Karachi
and I won't let him stay in my dad's office, because I cannot tolerate him anymore
just cannot!
if you will defame Razi, then the fingers will be pointed on me as well
brother Aleem, my good deed came in the way that...
thanks to God
Natasha came back home safely
by the way, please don't mind but
brother, its your mistake as well
when you guys already know that the intentions of that guy wasn't good
then you should have brought Natasha home earlier
you people were after your ego
I know that a daughter's grief breaks a person apart
both of you have to keep yourself very strong & composed
as it is, kids do make mistakes
you also forgive your daughter
she is our daughter, obviously we will forgive her
sister, how is Natasha now?
she is fine
Safder has got that guy arrested, and made him sign the divorce papers
may God bless her with good fate
may God bless her with a nice guy, who shall value her & take care of her
Amen
have you guys come to meet us, or to add salt on our wounds?
No sister, there isn't any such thing
Natasha made a mistake, and your entire family is here to add salts on our wounds
remember one thing
we really don't need such false sympathies & hopes
Sheena
on such occasions
instead of giving false hopes & sympathies, you should have taken care of our privacy & emotions
I will ask Hadia for sure
that why she had shared such a private matter of her in-laws family in her house?
sister, you are taking us wrong
we came to share your grief
there isn't any such thing
this is our private matter
it would be better for you to stay away from it
this is your daughter's in-laws family, Khadija
you can come here to meet us
but there is no need to interfere in our children matters
I think we should leave now
come on dear
thanks to God they are back
greetings!*
what happen?
are you fine?
Hadia!
children often gets emotional after looking at their parents
anyways, how was your tour?
it was Okay
was it only okay?
you have spent a lot of time over there, did you guys roam around or not?
dear, where is Razi? He didn't come with you guys?
what is the matter?
are you fine?
Faizan, what happen to her?
basically Hadia's health... as per the the doctors
you guys are about to become grand parents
all praise to God, Faizan you've given us such a big good news
heartiest congratulations to you!
to you too!
wow!