Hadia, I think everyone had a misconception
and this must be clarified
but I don't think so
Also, misconceptions are clarified when you have a relationship
and we don't have a relationship
you are a very good person
there is no doubt in it
but
but now I ..
don't need either your sympathy or help
from heart
take all the feelings out for me
I ..
have also taken it out
Did you see? How is he suffering?
mother
brother will be fine soon
don't you worry
since the time he's back from Hyderabad, he seems lost.
Neither he's eating nor drinking.
He's just repeating the same thing, that Hadia made a mistake in recognizing
She kept talking to him thinking he's Faizan
you are right
Sister Hadia isn't what we thought about her
there was a misconception
I have no interest in that. I curse the time when she entered my son's life
and has made him crazy
have milk
what is it, mother?
you are still awake
you are awake too
don't worry about me, mother. I'm used to of staying awake at night
if you'll stay awake at night
and stay upset
then what will your mother go through?
do you realize it?
yes I ..
I thought
to go out of this country
what?
what are you saying?
don't you worry. I'll call you as soon as I'll settle down
also ..
uncle's business is already established
so I don't think so uncle needs me here anymore
will you leave your mother and sister here alone and leave?
no mother, I'll call you as soon as I'd settle down there
you took this big decision alone?
you did ask me or tell me?
mother?
I .. I am in extreme pain
I think ..
that this pain will only go away until I leave this place
I want to reduce this pain
to reduce this pain, I'll go away
So ..
you love Hadia a lot
I do
I do love her
I love her a lot
I love her extremely
I try hard, mother
to take myself out of this feeling
but I always fail
Mother, I feel
that I'd have to go away from this all
I have a request from you, please
accept this
this is better for us all
Raazi?
I used to say it before that brother Razi is a wonderful person
you were having doubts for no reason
Do you know, only father keeps talking about Raazi there days
since the time he met him, he is always talking about brother Raazi
Raazi is like this, or that ..
Fizza, enough
Do you want to talk about another topic?
or shall I disconnect?
Hey, why are you getting upset? I was just telling you
Tell me this, how is your husband?
He came to meet only for 5 minutes and then he disappeared. Is he fine with you?
yes! Everything is fine
By the way, he seems very boring
I don't know how do you live with him
You tell me, how is Nissar?
Did he call after reaching U.S.?
yes!
He has called 50 times
Sister, you are laughing?
Fizza, because you are so adorable
any person like Nissar can fall for you
you are too lucky, by the way
you have found a guy who loves you a lot and value you a lot
I wish brother Faizan was the same
and used to value you the same way
Sometimes I think that I wish you had got married to brother Razi
He's so nice. He takes such good care and love you a lot
enough Fizza
Don't annoy me by mentioning him again and again
I'm so sorry
but what do I do? I can't stop myself from mentioning him
he's so good
I wish there was no misconception between you both
and you were married to him today and were living a peaceful life
Sister?
Think about it
it won't be so easy to live life with me
you are forgetting that you proposed me, not me
I still have many options too
I gave you priority because you are my friend
and what is important for marriage
to understand each other?
and as far as love is concerned, it can happen later too
really?
yes, if you'll understand me give me liberty and luxuries
that are important to spend a normal life
Natasha
you know how lonely I am
and it would be difficult to convince your parents
it is my job to convince my parents
you just prepare to meet father
and how do I prepare myself for that?
umm .. father isn't an easy person to satisfy so prepare accordingly
are you scaring me?
no, I'm not. I'm just telling you that he's not an easy person. So get ready
Sure!
Come in, Natasha
whats up?
sit!
who is this Sherry and how do you know him?
Don't you remember? I introduced you to him on Kinza's birthday party
Is he the same guy whose parents died in an accident?
you ..
you want to marry a guy who doesn't have parents and family?
he lives in a weird apartment
you want to get married to a middle class guy?
no mother, its quiet the opposite. Kinza told us wrong
he is very rich. He has ownership of many properties
Actually, you know what? Kinza is jealous of me
she doesn't want me to get a handsome and rich guy
whatever. But ..
neither I'm in favor of you getting married to such guy.
And you know your father very well that how much importance does he give to relations and family
Look, I won't let you do anything when it comes to wedding
mother please, I want to live my life according to me.
And I won't let you and father control it
Don't be a fool, Natasha. He doesn't love you. He loves your wealth and your father's status
So, what's wrong in it?
Raazi also listens to father only for his money.
And sister Hadia is ignoring all bad habits of brother only because of his money.
mother, these days everyone is running after money.
No one wants to see each other if he hasn't have a good status
What do you think? Will your father let you marry such guy? Your father won't ever agree
the one who has no name and no dignity
Father also didn't have any status before going to U.S.
He built everything after going to U.S. What was he before that? What was his family?
Mother, you know that I always wanted a guy who is alone
and finally I have got that thing. Be happy for me
who is that guy?
that she is talking about?
Father, its my friend Sherry. Mother has met him
I have clearly said it to you
Madam, sir is calling you
At this time?
yes, he was asking me to call madam quickly
you go, I'm coming
I'll come with you too
No, I'll go and listen to him. You stay here
I can't even imagine that how could she think about getting married to a rowdy guy like Sherry?
and what kind of mother you are? You are unaware of your daughter's activities?
Come in!
What is it, Safdar?
I wanted to talk something important, infact I wanted to request
why are you embarrassing me? What is it?
umm
Sister, make Natasha your daughter in law
Sister?
Make Natasha your daughter in law
For God's sake, don't refuse. This week
I want Raazi and Natasha to get married
My dignity is in your hands
that's fine, but exactly happened?
what did Natasha do that ..
Sister, one has many doubts about their children
and when a father is wealthy like Safdar
then many people get chance to manipulate innocent girls like Natasha
this is it
fine!
I'll talk to Raazi
but ..
I can't make a promise
because to take decision of his life ..
If I try to find my whole life, still
I can't find a pious and selfless son in law like Raazi
I will even fold my hands in front of him, if I'd have to for my daughter's future
no, Safdar
don't do this
I'll convince him. I'll try hard. He will be ready
How can I forget your favors
you took care of me and my children your whole life
you had never let my children miss their father
my brother, how can I refuse?
who .. who is ours other than you?
Sister, till tomorrow morning
I want to hear yes as an answer. I want to fulfill my responsibility as soon as possible.
Fine!
I'll talk to him
I also have a demand
Order it
I convinced Raazi to stay at this house after so much effort
After wedding, he won't stay here in this house as a son in law
Sister, there is no problem
I'll shift you to my clifton house
no, he won't agree
we'll do this
we'll rent a nearby house
and after wedding
Natasha would have to stay with us in that house
as you wish. Thanks a lot
Don't you worry
Everything will be fine. I will try my best
mother, what has happened to you all? This can't be possible
Look Natasha
no power in the world can change your father's decision
Listen to me, I want the same.
I want you to get married and stay in this house in front of me
mother, what has happened to you?
The guy I have already rejected, father wants me to marry him?
I won't marry that guy even if he's the last guy in the world.
And what happened to you? Since when have you started listening to father?
Look, Natasha
Try to understand. I'm trying to stop you from making another mistake. Its better for you
Mother, stop it. Tell father that I won't marry Sherry and Raazi both
The guy who is fed by my father, I would get married to him to make him son in law of this guy? No way mother. I had it
What? What did uncle say?
its the time, my child
We should pay Safdar back
what do you mean?
you
would have to get married to Natasha
This isn't only Safdar's but mine decision too
what?
Look, I am not interested in Natasha's choice
Safdar, you can't force about wedding
I kept quiet when it came to Faizan and supported you. But I won't do it about Natasha
You'd have to listen because I'm their father.
As far as Natasha is concerned, she doesn't know right and wrong
and she doesn't deserve guys like David and Sherry
and as far as Ramsha is concerned
forget her. All these people
are after our children status, not our children
their wealth. And I won't let it happen
I won't let them ruin my children life and my wealth
She won't marry Sherry. She made a promise
But, she won't marry Raazi too
tell me one thing. What flaw is it that you see in Raazi?
He isn't of our status and standard.
There is a huge difference in Natasha's and Raazi's personality
and secondly, Natasha would never like to stay in this house after wedding
I'm shocked
Bring breakfast here. I'm not going outside.
Why?
Do what I asked you. Don't ask questions
There is a lot of tension in home because of Natasha. I don't want to be a part of it. It ruins my mood
she's your sister
you should support her
why so?
She's a fool. She was with a wrong guy
It doesn't happen but I'm with father in this matter
she is stubborn and emotional but she can be explained with love
if you say, shall I talk to her?
go ahead if you want to be insulted
there is no use
father won't agree
he would never
but I'm not in favor of Raazi too
He and his family stays here. That bothers me. If he'd get married to Natasha
they'd settle here down permanently
what is the problem in it?
there are good people
auntie and Farwa handle all house chores with me
they keep an eye on maids and help in kitchen. And Raazi
Raazi is a decent and hard working guy
uncle considers him his right hand
I told you that I don't like them and here you are praising them?
Don't praise Raazi in front of me
never
Why are you standing here? Go! Bring me breakfast
won't you go to office today?
You didn't go yesterday and went only for 2 hours day before that
what is your problem?
What is your problem if I go to office or not?
I'm saying because uncle is upset because of you.
Enough is enough Faiza. Now help him in business like a responsible child
Be my wife, don't be my teacher
I'm explaining it to you because ..
What?
don't you like me to stay here and see my face?
I know how happy you are in my absence
you talk to your sister for hours
there is nothing like that
I'm just saying because uncle is worried about you
he loves you a lot
why do you keep him upset?
Enough! I know what to do. You won't tell me
you are my wife
your job is to keep me happy
now go and bring breakfast
what does he think?
wedding is the most important decision of one's life
what is the use of this life if you can't take this decision yourself
enough Raazi, for God's sake. Leave it. I have given him my word
Fine then
I will leave this country and go.
That's the only solution of this problem
fine, get separated after getting married to Natasha
but take the thought of going to another country out of your mind
you are my only son. I can't let you go out
I won't go alone, mother. I will take you both with me
Are you doing it because of Hadia?
You don't want to face her staying here
you can't take her out of your heart?
is this why you want to go away?
For how long will you keep punishing your mother for your failed love?
You are right. This is what it is
I can't tolerate her with with Faizan
Don't you dare, Raazi
no more words now
Don't take Hadia's name next time. She is your sister in law
I tried
but I couldn't take her out of my heart
I know it
I know that she can never be mine but what do I do? 
I don't have control on this heart
this heart isn't ready to accept. If it was then I would have listened to you and uncle