I was thinking of going to Karachi on my way back from school.
Fizza asked for some things for her home. I'll give those to her and I'll also meet brother Safdar.
You can meet brother Safdar at work. It doesn't seem nice going to our daughter's house so frequently.
That is my friend's house first and then it is Hadia's in-laws.
Who can it be?
Look who it is... it's Safdar.
God has blessed him with a long life
Greetings... we were just mentioning you. Is everything alright?
How's Hadia?
Everything is fine and Hadia is well too.
It would be great if you could visit me this week...
and I have to talk about something important as well. We'll discuss that as well.
Coincidentally, I'm coming to Karachi today.
Your niece, Fizza, has got admission into a medical college.
I have to go visit him at the hostel.
Congratulations! Why are you telling me this good news just now?
Hadia didn't mention it to me as well.
I asked her not to tell you, as I wanted to surprise you.
I knew that you would be very happy to hear that.
Do you remember that Fizza promised that she would become a doctor and manage your charitable hospital?
Soon your wish and your desire would come true.
By God's good grace, she will be this family's first girl to become a doctor.
Alright then, we'll see each other today.
If God is willing.
Safdar, what is the matter? You sound worried.
Everything must be alright.
I know... but he did sound worried to me.
Lord knows what it is...
Listen, there is only a week left before Nisar's departure.
I wanted him to get engaged before he left.
I'm in no rush. It's just, she's a great girl and I don't want us to lose her.
And Nisar likes her as well.
I did mention it to Safdar.
But, he didn't respond at all. On the contrary, I felt as though he got upset.
I told you that she was interested in Nisar for his daughter.
For that, you should talk to brother Aleem directly.
No, that's not appropriate right now. Safdar said that he would talk to them today and tell us.
Call and remind him then. He might have forgotten about it.
Alright, I'll call him.
Hello.... greetings. How are you, Safdar? Did I disturb you?
No...
Why have you called me?
I just wanted to remind you of the thing we talked about.
Don't worry, I've invited brother Aleem this evening to talk about this.
That is very good. Why don't we visit you as well? This way we can talk face-to-face.
No, but...
Uncle... the warehouse at Clifton has caught fire, we have to leave immediately!
What?
Yes, please!
Hello... 
Hello...
What is the matter? Is everything alright?
I don't know, I think he hung up, or the line got disconnected.
What did he say?
He has invited brother Aleem in the evening.
That's very good. Be sure to get ready. Before leaving, call sister Shina, because Safdar seemed busy to me.
She should know why we're visiting them.
That is true, I'll call her right now.
Get ready.
Greetings sister, how are you? I'm fine, how's brother?
We're fine as well.
We were just talking to brother Safdar, but I think he's very busy with some meetings.
I'm sure he must have told you that we were coming to your house and he must also have told you why we were coming there.
This evening... sure, most welcome. This is your house as well.
Alright, we'll see you.
Okay, farewell.
Thank God...
Good.
That means that things will get finalized.
Safdar didn't tell me and asked them to bring a proposal.
I'll tell Natasha.
Get me the plates, so that I may take this out. The cake is baking, and we'll serve the kebabs, hot.
Alright.
What is happening here? Are you guys talking, or working?
Everything is ready. I've taken out the crockery. We'll serve it when they arrive
Go and check the drawing room, everything must be set. Farwa, go with Najma and set up the new teapot.
Come on Najma.
Serve this properly.
Sure.
No... I think you should talk to her. That's not how it's supposed to be.
Natasha...
Wait, I'm gonna call you back, it's my mother...
Yup?
Why haven't you changed yet? They'll be here any moment now.
There is so much time till they get here. Why should I get ready so early, that too in kurta and shalwar!
You know I feel suffocated getting ready so early.
Don't say anything like that in front of them. We need to leave a good impression.
Alright mother, tell father.... that I won't bring a trolley.
We have servants to do that.
I feel scared when you say such things. I don't want you to lose such a good proposal.
Yeah right... I've become a burden to you two, right? You guys are in such a rush.
Don't talk nonsense. Get up and get ready.
I'll get ready...
Don't talk nonsense... get up...
Greetings father.
Greetings to you too.... bless you, my dear.
I'm fine, how are you? Please have a seat.
Why are you here so out of the blue? Is everything alright?
Yes, everything is well... I came here to visit Fizza at her hostel...
I thought of meeting you as well...
It's good you came here.
I don't see Safdar anywhere, is he not home yet?
Father will be here any moment today. Some people are coming today to see Natasha.
That's very good. May God bless her fate.
Amen... did you have something with your father?
Yes, Safdar wanted to talk about something important...
and that I should come here. I thought that this was a good opportunity to meet you.
Farwa... who are you taking this for?
I'm taking this to uncle Aleem, he's sitting in the drawing room.
Why is here here, and why did you seat him in the drawing room? You know my special guests are coming.
Yes... sister Hadia...
Tell her that if she wants to meet her father, take her to her room.
I don't want anyone to sit in front of my guests.
Go... lord knows where Safdar is.
I've been calling him, and he's not picking up.
Call Razi and ask him to put Safdar on the phone.
Sure, shall I take this, and then I'll call him.
Lord knows where Safdar is, he knows that guests are coming.
Shina... listen...
Razi just called that its bad news...
There was a fire at the warehouse in Clifton.
What?
Such a great loss...
Thank God that Safdar and the kids are safe.
The fire brigade reached there on time and they were able to control the fire.
Razi said that they would be late.
Father, you should have brought mother with you...
I would have...
Greetings* Bless you, my dear. How are you?
I'm well, how are you?
Thank God.
Sister...
Aunt Shina is asking you to take uncle to your room because she's expecting some guests.
Sure... let's wait upstairs...
I'll meet Safdar when he comes back.
Come...
Greetings* How are you?
Very well.
How are you, brother?
I'm well. I can't see Safdar anywhere.
He is actually at the office right now. Something urgent came up, he'll be here any moment now.
He was very excited to hear about you guys.
Shall we?
Let's go.
I'll take this there.
Come on.
Thank you.
Come in...
Mr. Aleem, we're lucky that you're here.
How's your wife?
She's well.
Did she not come with you?
No... I had some things to discuss with Safdar, that's why I came alone.
Brother Safdar knew we were coming, but he still hasn't reached.
Why are you guys standing? Please sit.
Come on...
Farwa, come to the kitchen with me.
It's good you're here, otherwise, I would have to come to Hyderabad to meet you.
We will need to come o Hyderabad, to meet my sister-in-law.
We met her at the wedding, she's an elegant woman.
Look how well she has raised both of her daughters.
Fizza has gotten admission to a university, right?
Yes... all thanks to God.
What is the matter, Shina? Brother Safdar hasn't arrived yet.
He's on his way. Please take some cake, Natasha baked it.
What need was there to go through this trouble? This is our home.
Natasha is here. Come and sit with my dear.
Last time I wasn't able to meet you properly. And Faizan hasn't met us since his wedding.
What can we do? He's going to the office daily, helping Safdar out with the business.
We don't see him all day.
That's very good.
A son is his father's right hand. Safdar is lucky to have a capable and hard-working son.
All credit goes to you.
Safdar must stay busy with work... you are the one who raised your children.
You're right... Shina has raised his son well, whilst living in the US.
That's why brother Aleem has him as his daughter.
It is our wish as well...
that a girl like Hadia become the light of our house as well.
I'm sure Safdar told you why we came here.
Yes...
We should have talked about this at their home in Hyderabad.
But first I wanted your and Safdar's approval. If you guys don't have any objections, then we would like to bring a formal proposal to your home.
I don't understand...
Brother Aleem...
we're here to ask for your younger daughter, Fizza's hand in marriage for our son Nisar.
Don't answer me right now. You can think about it. We will bring a formal proposal to your home.
Thank you so much for this respect but...
I can't...
answer you without discussing it with Safdar.
I don't think Safdar would have any objections, but I wanted to know your opinion.
But I... without taking my wife's opinion...
Father... Fizza is still studying and she wants to become a doctor...
My dear, we have no objections to her studying. We can wait for a few days.
And if she wants to study, she can go to the US with Nisar and continue studying there.
You guys know that Nisar likes educated and confident girls.
And... he is the one who expressed his desire to marry Fizza.
We are in no rush. You guys can think about it.
I think we should get going now...
Alright...
Mr. Aleem, we're here to ask for your youngest daughter, Fizza's hand...
in marriage for our son Nisar.
Did you see it? This is the result we get for joining relationships with those poor people! They have shown their true face!
Natasha I...
What mom!?
I don't deserve all this. I was embarrassed in my home!
I will never be able to forget this!
Alright... just relax...
Just what!
How dare they come to our house and bring a proposal for that girl!
And you kept watching! Why didn't you shove them out?
Natasha, they are still sitting downstairs.
Oust that girl and her father from this house.
I won't tolerate them here. They will remember what I'll do to them for the rest of their lives!
Throw them out!
How can I? Safdar invited them.
You can't do anything, right? They came here for me, then how come did they choose that girl?
Your daughter-in-law must have done something. They must have plotted something.
Your father did all of this... this is all his fault.
I won't tolerate this at all. Tell the father to cancel this relationship
They insulted me in my home and you did nothing.
Hadia must be so happy right now. Will Fizza try to compete with me, Natasha Kamal!?
I will not let her get away with this. I will strangle her if she comes in front of me!
Relax... why are you going crazy?
How can I relax?
Why did you do this to me? Why did you show me dreams of becoming Nisar's wife?
How could you do this to me? What does she have that I don't? Is she more beautiful than me?
How did they see her and not me? It would have been better if I hadn't come to Pakistan. I'm not livestock!
From now on you will look for no proposals for me. It would have been better if I hadn't come to Pakistan.
My dear, don't worry.
I will not let this relationship be at all costs.
I will call them tomorrow and excuse myself.
My dear, I can't ruin one daughter's home, just to marry the other one.
Don't worry about me, it is such a good proposal for Fizza. It's hard to find such a good proposal.
Turning away from such a proposal is going against the will of God.
Try talking to your father.
My dear, what are you saying?
Should I marry my daughter to a place, where Safdar wanted to marry his daughter?
If I do this, he will stop trusting me.
And... besides, sister Shina, will make your life difficult in this house.
She will never tolerate this embarrassment.
Time heals everything.
I'm just asking you to not be hasty. Think long and hard before taking any decision.
Alright, my dear, I'll do that.
Take care of yourself. I'll get going.
Farewell*
Well-done.
Good going. You have succeeded in your plan.
Pardon?
Don't act... you wanted Nisar to get married to your sister, right?
Speak... you knew very well that we were interested in Nisar for Natasha.
That's why you invited your father here on purpose and told them directly.
Is this how you are? How dare you turn a proposal coming your sister-in-law's way to your sister.
It's nothing like that. I can't even think of doing that.
Forget it.
I know sly and sharp women like you very well.
You're not how you appear to be.
You can make a fool out of Safdar, but not me.
Your entire family has put a veil over Safdar's eyes and now you want to make a fool out of them.
Tell your father to refuse this proposal immediately.
Otherwise, it won't be good for me. Faizan's cold behavior towards you...
will turn permanent. I'm telling the truth, I didn't know that they were interested in Fizza.
Father didn't know as well. He came here because uncle Safdar invited him here. He wanted to meet him.
What is going on? I can't hear the voices coming outside.
You're very late today.
There was a fire in one portion of the factory.
We've endured a loss of millions.
We endured a loss here as well
What loss?
It's good you're late.
You saved yourself from being embarrassed in front of everyone, like me.
Shina, stop speaking in riddles.
My dear Hadia tell me...
Your friend, Mr. Rehman came here.
With his wife.
He came here with a proposal for her capable and educated sister.
My daughter doesn't deserve all this, Safdar!
Ask them, why they did this to us.
What are you saying?
As a father, it won't look nice if I ask them why they rejected my daughter, to choose another girl.
You will have to ask them why they gave us hope.
If they wanted to send a proposal to them, why did they embarrass us here?
Is your friend...
your enemy? Did your friend do this on purpose to embarrass you?
Is that friend of yours a snake in the garden?
What are you saying? What's gotten into you? Why are you thinking so negatively?
It's not their fault, it's mine. I'm the one who made a mistake.
Brother Rehman called me and he told me that he's interested in their daughter, Fizza.
I was the one who forgot to tell you.
You knew all this!
Yes... I didn't tell you because I feared you might get hyper. Which you are being right now.
You didn't do good by hiding this. If you hadn't done this, my daughter wouldn't have been embarrassed.
You're right.
I should have told you. I'm sorry.
It was my fault. But what would I have done? Brother Rehman called me...
But before I could talk to him, the warehouse caught fire, and I went there. I was the one who called brother Aleem here.
Why do you get upset at him for no reason? Listen to me...
Couples are made in heaven. So what if they chose their daughter, instead of ours? All daughters are the same.
Our children...
Look how we've raised them. Then there are their children. Look how good their daughter is...
You see all the badness in the world in our children!
What happiness have our children given us?
For God's sake.
Shina, listen to me...
This marriage won't happen because I know brother Aleem very well...
She won't marry his sister at a place, where we wanted to marry our daughter.
Don't be under that illusion... if they were so aware...
they wouldn't have come here today.
Please... enough. I won't hear one more word. You will have to listen to Mr. Safdar.
Because all of your relatives and friends are so greedy that...
I feel ashamed to introduce them to anyone.
And you've given them too much slack. Enough is enough...
What will they think about us? My daughter's respect has been compromised.
And I hold you responsible for it... I will never forgive you for my daughter's disrespect.
Shina listen to me...
You must be very happy today...
Happy that they rejected my sister and chose your sister.
How come you always think so negatively about me?
Even though you don't think of me as your family, I do.
Natasha is like a sister to me.
Whatever happens, happens for the best. God must have something good planned for him.
As far as Fizza is concerned, she has just started her MBBS. Father won't marry her right away.
And he surely won't marry her at a place where uncle was interested in Natasha.
You know what... you can act innocent in front of your father, not in front of me. Don't try to make a fool out of me!
I'm not making a fool out of you. I'm just trying to make you understand that neither I nor my father knew about what happened today.
Then why did your father come here? Especially when such important guests were supposed to arrive.
You could have refused, but you didn't. Do you know why?
Because you want your sister to get married into a big home, like you!
It's nothing like that.
Don't lie, I know your planning. Don't you get tired of lying?
Enough Faizan, don't put such a vile allegation on me!
Don't test my patience so much that I tell uncle about the things that I've hidden up till now.
What will you tell him?
Going to meet Ramsha, using the business meeting as a cover. Talking to her over the phone all night...
sending her expensive gifts worth millions and coming home intoxicated every day.
I had been tolerating how you've been treating me up till now, but I can't tolerate it anymore.
Do you think I'll get scared of these threats?
Cowards give threats...
I'm not a coward, I've been silent up till now...
only because of the respect and peace of this house.
Don't think of my silence as my weakness.
I'm trying to maintain your honor and you're getting upset at me...
Remember one thing Faizan... when I open up my mouth...
then it will be very bad for you.
Thank you.
What are you thinking about? There is nothing to think about, refuse the proposal.
Don't give anyone hope.
They will feel very bad. They will think that we didn't even take time to think.
Besides, it's not good to reject such a good proposal without thinking about it.
I don't care what they think. Think about the daughter that is in that house.
Sister Shina must have told her off by now...
And do you think brother must have liked it?
Why would they want our daughter to get married into a wealthy family?
He was so silent when he heard that Fizza had been accepted into a medical university...
May God save my daughter from harm.
You're right.
But I don't know why, but it seems to be that if this marriage happens, Fizza would be happy there.
It's hard to find such people.
You thought this for Hadia as well, and what happened?
Thank God she's happy in her home.
I understand that there is a lot of lacking in Shina and Faizan...
The rest is fine. As far as Mr. Rehman is concerned he is very different from them.
It's hard to find such honorable people.
Hello... greetings...
Is this Fizza Aleem speaking?
Yes... who are you?
My name is Nisar Ahmed...
My father and your uncle Safdar are old friends.
I'm sure you understand by now.
Yes... where did you get my number from?
Your sister Hadia. I insisted upon it...
Sister did? But...
My parents send my proposal to your home, for marriage.
Which your father rejected without any reason. I wanted to know...
Look... if my parents have rejected it, then there must be some reason behind it...
I have no problem with it...
That's fine...
I wanted to know your opinion.
When my parents have refused, I have no problem with it. Why are you insisting upon it?
You've never seen me or met me...
I saw you at Faizan's reception... I was the one who asked my parents to take a proposal to you...
If you're refusing because it's an issue of your studies...
then that's not a problem, I'll wait. I too want...
to be married to someone related to the medical field. This way both of our fields will be the same.
I have no shortage of girls, but me and my parents took a liking to you as soon as we saw you.
And I decided that if I will marry anyone, then that will be you.
Fizza... I don't understand this topic. Could you help me out?
Sure, which one is it?