Father, what happened?
Brother Aleem, tell me something.
What happened, is everything alright?
Everything is over.
What?
Everything is...
What are you saying? Control yourself.
Bring water Farwa. Hurry up!
Mom... dad, Fizza is not that type of girl. All of those pictures are lies, I don't believe them.
But my dear, it isn't a good thing for someone to talk about a girl like that.
What could that mean?
Whatever it may be, one shouldn't break relationships like that.
This is how relationships are made and ended.
Honor and respect matter a lot.
Father, you're right.
Did you look at the picture, is Fizza smiling in any one of them? They are edited.
Even then my heart is not content.
If someone is doing that to her on purpose, then he has a reason behind it.
I'm sure that something has been hidden from us. If he intended to break off this relationship and we don't do it...
then think what he'll do with us.
Yes, he's right.
My dear, think of how much we'll be defamed in our extended family. How long will you tolerate it?
Mother, let me talk to Fizza about this, just once.
You wouldn't have achieved anything by doing that.
I will still say that you guys were hasty in ending the relationship.
Son...
Alright, sit down. I'll talk to him.
Uncle has a misunderstanding. Fizza is not like that.
How much more will you lie for your sister?
Safdar and I saw her with a guy last night. She was with him by the gate.
Tell me Fizza, am I lying?
Silence yourself, Shina.
What will my silence achieve? Brother Aleem should know...
that his daughter, even though she's engaged, meets up with a guy.
You know it, brother Rehman knows this as well. We've seen it as well.
And one can't deny this labeling the truth as a misunderstanding.
Whatever it may be, you have no business saying anything about this.
It might be a personal matter, but since it is happening in my home, I can't stay silent.
If I don't say anything today, she'll meet that guy again.
You are alleging my daughter.
She's not like this. Say something my dear, tell me that she's lying.
Tell me... am I lying?
Enough sister, silence. Let me talk to my daughter. Tell me, dear, what happened?
She is alleging us and humiliating us. Please say something.
Mother... I've been wanting...
Don't try to make false stories to prove yourself innocent.
Auntie, why are you coloring this the wrong way? It's not like this, you guys have a misunderstanding.
Tell everyone the truth about everything. I'm with you... I believe you. Tell everyone about what happened.
Fizza... don't test my patience. What is this that everyone knows, but we won't?
What is this that your in-laws know which is making them end this relationship?
They are not thinking of it, they have ended it. Maybe you didn't hear brother Aleem properly.
I'm warning you one last time. This is their matter.
What difference does it make? They found that relationship on our reference. What face will we have left in front of brother Rehman?
Mother... that guy is my class fellow and for many days...
Auntie, please.
Let her speak, she wants to say something.
What else is there left to be heard? She just said that he's her class fellow
Auntie, please silence yourself.
Auntie please... she's trying to say something. How can you decide anything without hearing her? At least listen to her.
How can you guys hold her responsible without hearing her?
Why are you interested in her matter? Why are you becoming her lawyer?
Oh really! I'm becoming her lawyer under the same circumstances I became Natasha's lawyer.
Don't worry brother Aleem.
In all of this matter, I don't think Fizza is at fault. The only thing is that...
she kept us unaware of this matter.
Uncle, it is possible that Fizza was trying to solve this matter on her own.
And maybe she couldn't do that.
No matter who this guy is, he is vile.
He doesn't care for anyone's respect.
Uncle please, be strong.
Uncle, please ask Fizza to send me that guy's number.
Wherever he is, I'll teach him a lesson.
No son... there is no point in doing that.
He has done what he set out to do. He broke off my daughter's engagement.
My head has fallen in shame in front of you all.
What are you saying? You are like my elder brother. You're a part of this family.
Brother Rehman should have asked before breaking the engagement. I will talk to him.
No... Safdar, there is no need for you to talk to him about this.
He did what he thought was right.
And I am a father to a daughter...
I cannot spread my hands in front of someone for my daughter's honor.
But brother Aleem...
I have no complaints against anyone.
My honor doesn't allow me...
to question someone for Fizza.
They are right in their way. After all, they have to stand before their extended family and answer for it.
He is right.
He should have called you before ending this relationship.
What if learns tomorrow that Fizza had no fault in this, will he come back to rejoin the relationship?
That can't be... one can't make or break off a relationship whenever one wants to. This is not child's play.
You're right.
Sister Khadija, I thought that your daughters were innocent, but they proved me wrong.
What do you mean daughters?
Besides, Fizza's matter has been cleared. It's not her fault.
That is Fizza's part of the story, we haven't heard the other side.
Call the guy then.
We can hear his story as well.
Why would I get into this matter? I don't know that guy.
I've seen how much you care about this matter today.
Mother, Fizza told me about this a while ago.
I was the one who stopped her from telling you and father.
I knew that you guys would get worried. She was was so happy when she got admission to a medical university.
If you would have called her back, would that not have ruined her career? She didn't complain about that guy because she didn't want to ruin his career.
But he was not worthy of that. If I knew he could stoop so low, I would have told you about him a long time ago.
Fizza, give me that guy's number.
If I don't have that guy expelled from university then my name isn't Razi.
Why are you trying to be a hero? Her engagement is broken.
Fizza, if you didn't want to tell your parents, you could have told Razi.
He likes solving such matters, ask your sister about that. He would have been very happy to solve your issue.
You don't need to ask Hadia, you can ask Natasha how I saved her from that man.
That man Sherry, who she was stuck with after she married him in secret.
He was stealing from her. You can try mentioning that as well.
Fizza... forward me his number.
I'll sort him out.
We should get going.
Pack your stuff as well.
Hadia is going nowhere, but you can take Fizza away.
But I do want to go with my parents right now. They are worried and they need me.
Alright...
Fine, you can go. But no need to make excuses. I know how much you have your heart in this house.
The doctor ordered some juice and I'll have it made for you.
What happened to her?
She's worried...
For what?
For her sister.
What did she do?
I'll tell you later. Tell me where you're coming from. Did you eat?
I haven't. Have it served in five minutes?
Alright.
Come on dear, gather your stuff, and let's go.
We can't Hadia with us in her state, but we should get going.
I was about to say that you guys can't take her away in this state so...
How's she feeling now?
She's fine. The doctor said that her blood pressure came down.
The doctor has ordered care.
Take care of Hadia.
Will Safdar leave work to take care of her?
It would be better if you would have asked me, or Faizan to do that.
I've seen how much Faizan cares about her. He didn't even take a look at her.
Since he's not happy, he doesn't care.
Brother... after God I hand over my daughter to you.
You asked for her hand with much love...
Please stay on your word and promise.
This is a mother's request.
Why are you embarrassing me? Hadia is important to me more than my children
I promise you that I will not let any pain come to her. As soon as she gets better I will bring her to Hyderabad.
My dear... talk among yourselves. I'll come back later.
Come on dear.
Razi, what need is there for you to involve yourself in everyone's matters? Why don't you mind your business?
How can you say that? This is uncle Aleem's family, they are not strangers.
I don't remember that you've ever asked me not to help anyone. Then why today?
Since when you have cared if someone is family or not?
Why are you not understanding me?
Shina will make a mess of this situation. She will say that you're getting involved in this matter because Fizza is Hadia's sister.
I don't care what she thinks. I helped Natasha as well, she wasn't Hadia's daughter.
I don't care what aunt Shina thinks or plans...
I can't change her thoughts. Tell me, mother, is Fizza such a girl?
No, right? Then why are you stopping me from helping her?
Auntie was wrong. She shouldn't have made a mess of this situation.
Her in-laws...
have broken off the engagement, and you're saying that it wasn't a big issue.
Mother, I'm a part of this house, how can I separate myself from this issue?
I want to know who that man is and what his intention is... I want to teach him a lesson.
Fizza has no brother. Who will help them if not me? Uncle Aleem is a simple man.
He needs my help.
God forbid if this had happened to Farwa...
would you have stopped me then? No, right?
Fizza and Farwa are my sisters. All sisters are the same.
I don't care what auntie says and does. Do you think I'm doing this because of Hadia?
My son... I don't want you getting in any mess.
Lord knows who that man is, who's he working for... if God forbids he harms you...
then I will die.
Mother... nothing will happen to me.
Your prayers are with me.
Nothing like that will happen. Please...
stop crying.
You look good when you smile.
My silence will not do anything. Brother Aleem should know...
that his daughter meets a guy in the night, even though she has a fiance.
We were impressed by you people. We thought your daughter was honorable, but things seem different now.
You have deceived us by posing yourselves as honorable. But we are respectable people...
We don't understand your hypocrisy.
There is nothing bad about it. It's her life, let her enjoy and have fun.
Razi was saying that those pictures were fake.
How can he say that without taking a looking at them?
He's guessing they are.
He's guessing... that's quite impressive.
You know what, I think he's the one who took those pictures.
Faizan, he's not like that.
He's not like that, nor is Fizza, or Hadia.
We are the only ones who are at fault.
Both sisters flapped their wings after coming to Karachi.
Did you take a look at Fizza? She was shining! Hadia might have gotten better living here with us...
But Fizza...
I've determined something about you... you have no control over your tongue.
I will talk to you now. You...
what are you doing here? You should be with Hadia right now. You find a few moments at home, that too you spend with your mother.
Go and take care of her.
My dear, you should go as well. I need to talk to your mother.
Sure.
Now tell me, why did you talk in their matter?
I don't understand you. Sometimes you defend them so much that you turn me into a stranger.
How can I not speak about this? This was a huge matter!
I don't care about that. You had no business speaking.
How is it not? You should remember that you saw Fizza with that guy at the gate of our house.
How can you deny that?
Fizza forgot her assignment, and that guy came to return that.
And Fizza told me everything. You made a mess of everything.
I made a mess of things? Mr. Abdul Rehman broke off the engagement over something so trivial and you're saying that I made a mess of things.
You were provoking things there. You were insulting brother Aleem and his wife.
You were humiliating them. That guy was blackmailing Fizza...
and you were torturing Fizza and her parents for no reason. You should have been standing by Fizza...
Could you not have stayed silent like my sister?
The reason she stays silent is that her son participates for her.
Why would I have remained silent? Fizza met that guy at the gate of my house,  who knows tomorrow he might come to her room
I had no idea that both sisters could be so dishonorable. Enough!
Not one more word about Fizza or Hadia?
Why should I not? Why do you want to put a veil over their deeds?
I have no interest in putting a veil over their deeds. But I can be a witness to their character.
They are honorable girls and their parents have raised the well.
Brother Rehman was embarrassed by them, and you're saying that they are honorable.
You were never embarrassed by what your children did.
There is no point in having a moral high ground over other people's daughters.
From now there is no need for you to speak in matters of Fizza and Hadia. If I catch you torturing them, then there will be none worse than me.
No matter what anyone says. Whatever evidence they might present to me...
I could never admit that my daughter could do something like this.
Do you think I can?
Both of our daughters grew up before our eyes. 
I am aware of all of their colors.
Where they went... what they did... I know everything.
But... what happened was not good...
Fizza should not have hidden this from us. If she had told us earlier...
maybe we could have found a better solution for this.
Maybe then sister Shina wouldn't have had the chance to humiliate us, or brother Rehman to break off the engagement.
Brother Rehman turned out to be very impressionable... I could never have imagined...
An educated man who lives in the city...
he can't distinguish between right and wrong.
I've lost all faith in him.
One shouldn't put their faith in anybody.
God is the only one we can put our faith on.
You're right.
But... we should find out...
why that man did this? What did he want from this?
How will we find that out?
We've already endured a loss.
Should we stand by idly?
Should we not prove that the allegation made against our daughter is wrong?
If you ask me, I can talk to Razi. There is no need to talk to anyone.
It's wrong to stay silent.
That guy could harm Fizza again. After all, Fizza won't stay at home, she will return to her university.
She will but tell Fizza...
Father...
Father, I'm prepared to testify over The Holy Quran.
I don't know that man, I am not associated with him in any way.
You don't need to testify over anything. I believe you.
Both of you please forgive me. I beg you.
Because of me you two were embarrassed and humiliated.
My dear, you don't need to say anything. You don't need to explain yourself.
I told you, I believe you. Whatever the people say...
let them say it. I don't care about what they say.
Father.
Forgive me.
Brother Aleem, I called you to apologize.
I wanted to apologize for Shina's misbehavior.
You don't need to say anything, Safdar.
But... after what happened yesterday...
I think after that our relationship won't be as it was before.
Why are you saying that... I extend my apologies to you.
Safdar, my daughter is a part of me at your house. I request you...
to take special care of her. Don't let any harm come to her.
Brother Aleem believe me...
I will not let any harm come to Hadia. I promise you that.
Farewell.
Who were you talking to?
No one...
I heard everything. What need was there to ask for forgiveness?
Shina, this matter is between me and brother Aleem, better you stay away from it.
You're forgetting that I have a relationship with him as well.
Oh really?
Where was that, when you were ripping the honor of that relationship to shreds?
Where was that then?
I have no guilt over what I did.
That's what disappoints me. You didn't care for my old friendship with brother Aleem.
Look at what their daughter did, how boldly she met that guy.
Can a girl from an honorable family do that?
She was entrapped.
She was entrapped.
How do you know that?
That is my point of view and Razi thinks that as well.
Why would anyone do that?
Whoever it is, I will find them.
Anyways... do one thing. Some people are coming in the evening to look at Farwa...
No need to worry. You don't need to do anything. I've talked to my sister, she'll look after the guests and the other arrangements as well.
But please... don't do anything that will hurt me again.
Please... it's a matter of a daughter.