sister, you haven't sent the breakfast to Farwa
thank God that you don't follow this tradition
Sheena, we do follow this tradition
Safder, do you remember?
we had waited for Sheena's family for an entire day when you guys got married
I remember it very well, sister
when mom had called it was almost 1:30 PM, the afternoon prayers time
upon calling we got to know that they don't know about this ritual, nor Sheena was aware of it
but we should keep such traditions alive
dad, will you bring breakfast for me?
I will like it a lot
what! will we bring breakfast from ground floor to first floor?
I wanted to discuss something important with you all
yes sister, please tell us
actually, we want to shift from here with Natasha after the wedding
but sister, I was thinking to get the upper portion renovated
that's fine Safder, but.. 
Razi doesn't want to live in this house as a live-in son in law
we have such a big house, and you people have been living here so comfortably till now
in fact, now I wanted Natasha to stay in front of our eyes
and now you guys have taken this decision!
because now I am getting married to Natasha
if I would have got married to someone else then
I would have stayed here
now when... 
I am getting married to Natasha, so i don't want to live here as a live-in son in law
its a good thing, I don't have an objection on your decision
then start looking for some nice house
no uncle
I've seen a house, in fact
I've bought a house with my savings
I've done advance payment, as soon as I will get the possession I will get it renovated
Wow! you've done all of this & we didn't get to know
aunt look, this matter is just one week old
and second thing is that I... 
I had to sell my father's land
and I've to buy a new house after selling it off
I didn't wanted to tell uncle
because I know
if I will tell uncle then he will buy me a house with his money
and I didn't wanted this at all
I wanted to buy my new house with my hard earned money
I don't know whether that house is big or small
whether Natasha will be able to stay happy over there or no
I don't know that even
whatever I could do as per my status for my family & their future
I've done, rest is God's will
you are right, dear
it doesn't make any difference if the house is big or small
and... one should always maintain their self respect
a woman feels so happy where her man gives her respect, love.. 
and protection
I am happy & proud of your thinking
and Razi
even I don't have an objection
it doesn't make any difference to me if the house is big or small
for me your companionship is more important
I am also really proud of you
stay blessed my dear
yes Mr. Safder tell me
your entire property is divided in both of your children name at 40% each as per your will 
and balance 20% will be given to your wife
now tell me if you want to get any changes made in it
yes absolutely!
I wanted to make changes & also wanted to add two more names
Sir, why not?
just tell me who will be those two names
one will be my daughter in law Hadia's name & the other one will be my nephew
Razi
now you have to make the pattern
its obvious, gradually
Faizan, Natasha, my wife, then my daughter in law Hadia
and in the end my nephew Razi
take out the percentage, show me the details then I will give you an approval
it will be done, sir
I will come to you with all the documentations & calculations
get this work done as soon as possible
don't worry, I will meet you soon. Bye!
bye!
what happen Faizan, why are you so angry?
do you know what dad did? He is being so unfair right now
No, I will get to know if you will tell me
he has reduced your shares & named them after Razi & Hadia
he has transferred the factory as well in Razi's name
what! what are you saying?
yes!
I mean, how can he do this?
we have the right on his each & everything, whether its his property or business
how can he snatch our right & give it to a third person?
I don't believe it that Safder can do this
how he did such a big stupidity!
I don't know
he had always given priority to Razi
please talk to him, if you cannot then tell me I will talk. I will fight for my right
but I won't let my right go to someone else
Ok relax, the work won't be done by fighting
I will talk to your dad
I cannot see Razi next to me, as he is not equivalent to me
talk to him, Ok?
yes, I will talk to him once he comes back from office
do you need something?
No, how can I bother you? You are not well yourself
hey! I am not sick
Besides, doctors don't stop you to do work in this condition
do you know
I was so happy to hear about your marriage but...
now I've become sad
but why?
because earlier you used to live here
and now you won't
but still I am so happy
I think, I can stay happy anywhere with Razi
you've started to love him that much?
yes
honestly, I didn't get to know that when have I started to love him so much
Hadia, I wanted to say sorry to you
to me? why?
actuality whatever Faizan had said about you & Razi
I thought, Faizan won't say a thing after hearing about mine & Razi's wedding. But still he had said it
I'm really sorry
even I had thought the same, but..
what can we do
God willing, everything will be fine
I am just waiting for good times
anyways, leave it
get well soon, so that we can start your wedding preparations
we'll do the shopping together
what kind of dress will you buy?
I was thinking to buy something of Razi's choice
but you also give your opinion, it will matter a lot
No, I think you should buy the dress of his choice
this will be good
Hadia, if you don't mind then can I ask you a question?
where is Fizza, & what is she doing?
what's there to mind, you can ask me
Fizza has taken an admission in another medical college
oh! that's a good thing
honestly! whatever happened with her. I'm pretty sure, she hadn't done anything wrong
true that!
Safder, I don't understand what have you done!
what?
you've given 5% shares to Razi from our business
he isn't capable to get a towel factory as a wedding gift
you've handover an entire business to him
ok fine! but what was your motive while giving 5% of shares from our business?
what are you trying to prove?
what was my motive?
what am I trying to prove?
Sheena, you know it very well that I've always given importance to my children decisions
and I don't like it if anyone explains anything to me!
I've the right to make a decision for them, whatever I think is better for them I will do that Sheena
their good or bad. What needs to be decided for them, nobody knows this better than me
No Safder
you need to tell me the reason behind giving preference to Razi over Faizan
do you know, he is quite hurt. He had felt this a lot
why is he feeling it? Which preference?
whatever I have is of Faizan's after me
that's right
but give him some rights at least
you've made him sit on an ordinary position in your office
I mean, he is your son. Safder Kamal the CEO's son
really! do you know the meaning of a big seat?
big responsibilities & big decisions!
your son isn't that capable yet
ok fine, my son is not capable as per your thinking
but at least transfer something on his name
so that he can feel secure & confident
this way, not only he will become suspicious from Hadia & Razi but with his sister too
then explain him, Sheena
what comparison does he have with Razi?
he is my nephew
he is Natasha's to be husband, ours to be son in law
whatever we will give to Razi, eventually our daughter will get it
he will be just the care taker, why don't you guys get it?
Ok fine! I accept whatever you are saying
tell me one thing, what was your motive in giving 10% to Hadia?
you've given 10% to her from our shares, why?
I've given nobody's share to anyone
whatever is written in whomsoever fate, he will get it
no injustice is being done with anyone
please!
Ok tell me what are the delivery reports
Sir, Mr. Razi had asked me to stop them
Razi had asked you to stop?
yes sir
but why?
Sir, I don't know. I had asked him but he scolded me & asked me to be quiet
and told me to stay away from this matter & mind my own business
but you should have asked the reason
Sir, I couldn't gather courage
then Mr. Faizan asked me not to take tension, he will get it delivered himself
and he will talk to Mr. Razi himself
had Faizan said this to you?
yes sir, now he has started to give time to office
and... last night he stayed here till 9 PM
if he wants to know or discuss something then he talks to me
and sir, now he has started to take office work at home
its such a good thing
Ok send Razi to my room
Sir, Mr. Razi is not in the office
if not, then where is he?
Sir, I don't know. And now he stays outside the office for quite a long time
No, no... I know where he must have gone
nowadays the construction is going on in his house, so he must be there
anyways, look into it. I'll talk to you later
yes sir
thank you!
yes!
No, there is no problem. Fix my meeting with Salik
yes, I don't have that much amount in my account as of yet
whatever I have, if I will take them out then my father will get to know & it will be a problem for me
Ok, I was thinking that.. .
we shall sell the food factory
it will be sold in a good amount
Ok fine
yes, Okay... do sort the meeting too
Okay bye!
you are selling your dad's factory
how can you stoop so low?
cheating with your own father
why?
you haven't left your habit of eavesdropping
I don't eavesdrop but you talk secretly
and the work which is done secretly are wrong & gives loss
I won't listen to your lectures, Hadia
first of all tell me
that why are you selling dad's factory?
had he transferred on your name so that you shall sell it off?
why are you interfering in my personal matters?
and you've heard it wrong, I'm not selling the factory
I've heard everything correct
you cannot deny me
what do you know about business that you are saying so much!
dad should be aware of it that what you are doing behind his back
I won't let you do this
Okay, I am selling the factory
not secretly, but after seeking his permission
I am selling it off as per his suggestion & advice
I mean, I sit with him in the business & i won't do anything without his permission
but the problem is that you've always underestimated me
you think I don't know work
only Razi knows how to work
dad trusts me
but why am I talking about trust with you?
its written on your face that you are lying
think whatever you want to
think once again
she won't tell
she hadn't told anything to dad prior to this
man..
the way you are black mailing your wife
she can black mail you too
she is not like me
I'm telling you
she won't tell
Faizi, there is a possibility that you are underestimating your wife
what if you stay in this mind set
right?
 and our plan gets ruined
I made a mistake, I shouldn't have talked in her presence
and I have no clue what to do now. Tell me, what to do?
look, there is a solution by which we can rectify your mistake
but...
listen
I'm listening
first of all you need to focus on your wife 100%
fix your relationship with your wife, awake your old love
Okay?
focus on her
I don't know
Okay let me try doing that too, but I don't know
Faizi look! till the time your relation won't normalize with your wife
till then, we cannot move to the next step of the plan
I hope the factory matter also gets solved
it will be solved too, I have talked to a few people
we'll get an answer within few days
Ok, when do we have to meet Salik?
Salik?... let me align the meeting with him for tomorrow or day after. Don't worry
hopefully till then the property will be transferred & I'll get the money as well
remove this property matter from your mind
your 100% focus should be on your wife right now, ok?
if your relationship didn't normalize again
then the property, factory won't matter. This wealth won't matter as well
don't know how things gets so messed up & I don't understand
that's life man! you know that
Safder is giving a towel factory to Razi as a wedding gift
what!
don't you know?
oh sister..
you seem quite worried
I thought you will be so happy
as you will become a millionaire over night
I wasn't expecting this reaction from you
ok sister, tell me
my daughter who is making you a millionaire over night
what objection does Razi have while marrying her?
what was the reason?
No Sheena
there isn't any such thing
ok leave it
I am thinking, why not we shall start wedding preparations?
what do you think?
yes
Okay, as you wish
Ok tell me
what are you giving Natasha as a wedding gift?
what?
I think, the new bungalow that Razi has made
you will give that to her as a wedding gift, right?
this...
will you talk to Razi?
yes, I will talk to him
mom, what was the need to demand a house from aunt?
why? what's wrong in it?
since she is getting a lot because of you
So, can't they transfer the ownership of an ordinary house on your name?
mom, dad had already transferred so many things on my name
that's enough for me!
leave it
when Safder can transfer the entire factory on his name, then can't he transfer a house on your name?
mom, Razi had made that house with a lot of hard work & love
how will he transfer its ownership on my name?
if he won't, then I will ensure that he does that
mom please!
Razi is my to be husband
please don't do any such thing that he shall gets upset with me
look! a wife has got her right on her husband's things
and if you signify this right then you aren't doing any crime
mom, but what will Razi think about us?
that doesn't matter, I will handle that
there is no need for you to worry about it, Ok?
you are the only daughter of Safder Kamal
the heir of millions
if he can change his status by marrying you
then you can also signify your right on his property
mom, please try to understand
I truly love Razi
and all of these things doesn't hold any value for me
please call aunt & tell her that we don't have any such demand
Never!
I won't do any such thing, understand?
and look! stay away from all of these things
I will do all of this & I will ensure to get it done
just focus on your wedding preparations, understand!
no go from here!
mom, I've got no interest in his factory
but he is giving it to you as a wedding gift
factory in the wedding gift!
mom, the business worth millions of rupees
who gives such an expensive gift in the wedding?
I don't know about anyone else
but he is your uncle "Safder"
whatever happens
I don't want it
such an expensive gift
I cannot take, mom
but I don't think so that
he is giving it to you
he is giving it to his daughter
to whomsoever he is giving, still I don't want it
everyone will become upset for no reason
and your aunt Sheena, she will mind the most
by the way...
you can try
but I don't think so that your uncle will agree
whatever he is giving to his daughter is as per his status & happiness
Besides, both the kids have their share in his wealth
but still I want
it would be better if you don't accept this wedding gift
otherwise...
otherwise?
you have to give an expensive wedding gift as well
the matter is not that but..
will uncle agree if I will refuse?
No
I don't think so
but still
then?
refuse to take it on the day of marriage
mom, its very difficult for me
but nothing can be done now
hello! Greetings sister, how are you?
greetings to you too! how are you doing?
how is your new university? Did you make friends?
the university is really good
and I've made one friend
I won't make anymore friends
why?
because what happened with me last time, after that I am so afraid
what's with you?
your friends were no nice to you, then why are you thinking like this?
yes! the friends were nice
but sister, I've decided that after lecture I will
straight away go to my room in the hostel and..
I won't sit in the cafeteria as well, I won't make any friends
I've made Hafsa my friend just because
she is my roommate
hey! what happen to you Fizza?
have you gone mad?
you are my such a wise sister, I hadn't expected this from you
sister please
don't force me, in fact be my strength & courage
whatever happened in the past, I cannot face it again
but who told you that all of this will happen with you once again?
even earlier nobody had told me
still I had to face a lot of insult & humiliation
Besides, don't discuss anything with mom & dad
I've told brother Razi about Fawad
what! Fizza!
sister please!
please don't tell this to mom & dad
I want to know that why he did all of this to me
what was the reason behind it
he has ruined my life
and I've told brother Razi
it would be better to give him strict punishment as much as he can
because the torment that he had given me
now I won't leave a chance to ruin his career
I will talk to you later, bye!
Safder uncle has transferred few of his business shares along with a factory in Faizan's name
really!
a lot is transferred in Faizan's name!
yes, you've won a lottery
by the way what is my benefit in this? 
Already he spends everything on Hadia
No, this is what you think
nowadays Faizan & Hadia's relation isn't good
if you want
then you can take out as much money from him as you want
really!
but how?
I have to tell this as well!
call him
talk emotional things to him, tell him that you miss him
he will come to you running
hmm...
that's not a bad idea
but if he didn't come, then?
he will come
ok tell me, what other information he gave
nothing!
besides, nowadays he is spending a lot of time at office in order to come into his dad's good books
that's about it
and what about Salik's case?
hmm...
Salik's case! it will be done within a few days
Razi
I want to talk to you about something
yes
had Fizza told you about Fawad?
any update?
why that guy is doing all this?
not as of yet
that guy has ran to Nawabshah after leaving university
but don't you worry
I will try to catch him
wherever he is
I don't know why he did this, but..
wherever he will be, i promise you I will catch him
and will take out the truth from him
why are you doing this?
I don't have an answer to this question
but...
Hadia look, even earlier you had stopped me on this matter
I am doing all of this for the sake of humanity
Fizza...
Fizza is like my sister
please don't doubt my intentions
and don't make me feel low in my eyes
I promise you, wherever that guy will be
I will find him
I will ensure to teach him a lesson
just pray
first of all you need to focus on your wife 100%
,fix your relationship with your wife, awake your old love
right?
focus on her
Faizi look!
till the time your relation won't normalize with your wife
till then, we cannot move to the next step of the plan