Safdar, Razi has asked for some time to think.
How much time does he want?
Just a few days. He said he'll think and tell me.
I want a positive answer.
This is true that a person becomes very selfish for the love of his children.
And I'm doing this now.
I'm imposing my wishes and decisions on you.
I am embarrassed, trust me.
You're very close to my heart.
I respect you very much but
I'm helpless against my children.
Natasha, my daughter is a little pampered.
She isn't mature.
If we see Razi opposite to her, he's a very sensible and stable boy.
And I believe, he will be able to handle Natasha once they're married.
Please don't let me down.
Safdar I will try my best to make Razi agree.
Don't worry. Everything will be alright.
Hello?
Why don't you say yes to marrying Natasha?
Did mom ask you to tell me this?
Nobody said anything to me.
I think this would be best for everyone.
Your mother wants to see you happy. Why are you doing this because of me?
See, we have nothing between us.
Why do you mention me to her again and again and worry her?
Why don't you forget me?
I am trying, Hadia
but I cannot waste my life trying.
The life you're spending with Faizan,
I cannot spend such a life with my partner.
We only get one life, Hadia
and marriage is a very important decision.
I cannot destroy my life to make others happy.
If you have a problem with me or you don't like me living there, I'll leave.
I'll never want me to be the reason of trouble in your marriage life.
Bye.
See Natasha, I cannot convince your dad, alone. Its very difficult.
He will insult me.
You claimed you loved me and you couldn't live without me and today?
What happened to you today?
Its very difficult, in fact, its impossible to convince him.
There is only one solution. If you want to marry me, we can get married in the court.
Hello. I haven't lost my mind yet.
And neither will I die without you that I'll get married to you in the court.
See this will make convincing him easy.
Dad will throw me out of the house. I cannot take such a big risk.
You should wait. I'll talk to Razi.
I'll insult him so much that he'll back out himself.
Alright. We'll see.
Alright, I'll talk to you later.
See dear, I have to answer Safdar in the morning. Tell me what should I answer him.
Don't say anything to him. I'll tell him myself that I cannot marry her.
Razi what is wrong with you?
Why do you want to embarrass me in front of my brother?
Mom, I don't like Natasha. I hate her.
Alright.
Its not important to like someone before you get married.
You can fall in love after getting married as well.
I'm a human being. I'm alive. I have some feelings. I have likes and dislikes.
How can I marry Natasha? I cannot marry such a proud and ill mannered girl.
God knows what happened that uncle wants me to marry Natasha, all of a sudden.
I'm telling you clearly.
I will not make a liberal girl like Natasha, my life partner.
How could you even think that?
No.
Something has definitely happened
and this is why uncle wants to dump Natasha on my head. But I'm telling you clearly.
Even if he gives me all the wealth in the world, I will not marry Natasha, even then.
And if that is so. Then its fine. I'll poison myself and die.
God forbid.
Alright.
Do whatever you want to do.
I cannot marry such a proud and ill mannered girl.
I don't know what happened all of a sudden that uncle wants me to marry Natasha.
Its better that I poison myself and die.
Then die!
What does he think of himself?
What do you think of yourself?
You'll live in my house and assassinate my character and you expect me to be quiet?
Even I don't want you to be quiet.
Why don't you tell uncle you don't like me
because I cannot marry you at any cost?
See Natasha, we have two different perspectives.
You're a broadminded girl and I cannot keep such a girl happy.
I have repeatedly said no to him but uncle is pressurizing me.
I cannot say no to him again and again. It looks bad.
How would you reject me Razi? I reject you.
You're right.
You will do absolutely right.
I think you should marry a boy of your status, like that guy, Nisar Ahmed.
You were dreaming of marrying him.
Its another thing that he rejected you and said yes for an ordinary girl.
Whats the use of such status and wealth?
that a guy like Nisar rejected you. He had zero interest in you.
How dare you!
See Natasha, I didn't want to hurt you.
In fact I wanted to make you understand.
But you said such things that I had to answer you.
I'm not your enemy.
I just dislike a few of your habits.
See,
I'm your cousin and as a cousin its my responsibility to advise you.
I have a request. Get rid of your loafer friends.
If you get rid of them, then..
Then what?
Then no respectable guy in the world will marry you.
You think if you say no to marrying me, nobody would marry me?
Don't forget. I am Safdar Kamal's daughter. Remember this.
Arrogant!
Hello?
Hie.
Natasha? Why are you crying?
Dad wants me to marry that Razi.
Then?
Then I don't want to marry him.
I don't care whether dad agrees or not. I'll only marry you.
Yes but Natasha, your father will not accept me and what if he throws you out?
He will not do this. He will be upset but nothing more. We'll make it up to him.
Are you sure?
Marriage is not a child's play.
I mean, if your father doesn't agree, you'll lose your half of the wealth.
I don't care. I honestly don't.
I've decided. You come and pick me right now. I'm waiting for you.
There must be some magic in my personality.. Rizwan..
Hello? Yes Rizwan. I'm coming to your house.
So late at night. Is everything alright?
I have a breaking news.
You'll lose your senses if you hear it.
What?
I'm bringing Natasha to your house.
We'll get married urgently in the morning.
Wow. You trapped the fish real soon.
Listen I'm coming to you.
We'll keep her there for a few days and then I'll take her to her father's house to apologize
See, her father isn't any ordinary man.
Once I'm legally her husband, he'll not be able to do anything. 
He wouldn't want to make a spectacle of himself in the society.
Alright, I'm coming to you. We'll sit and talk. 
I've gotten a good catch now. My days will change.
Alright. Bye.
Alright. Okay.
How do you like the house?
Lets go.
Sherry
I have left everything for you. Please don't disappoint me.
Never.
Do you love me?
Do you have any doubts?
Will you ever leave me?
Never.
Don't worry. I'll show you the guest room, get some rest. 
Then we'll prepare for the wedding. Come on.
Why would Razi say no? He always wanted to be your son in law.
Sheena you're forgetting. He said no earlier as well.
He said no because the girl he liked turned him down.
sister Sajida gave me a lot of hope.
Let her be. She has always made sure that you know about her son's abilities, respect and loyalty.
Why would Razi say no to marrying Natasha. He came here for this.
What are you saying?
 I trust my nephew more than I trust myself.
He's my nephew and my blood cannot deceive me.
You shouldn't be trusting someone so blindly. Its your own kin that deceives you at times.
Dad, did Natasha go somewhere last night?
No.
Why? What happened?
Actually Khalid is saying that she went somewhere last night. Someone came to pick her 
what!
and she also had a suitcase.
What? Where is she now?
I don't know. She isn't home and her phone is off. 
Khalid said that he went to get a drink of water at 3am. When he got back, the door was opened.
She left. She insulted all of us and left. Your daughter.
Don't worry. 
I'll do something. I'll find her and bring her back.
Whats the use? We cannot earn back lost respect. 
She tainted us for life. I'll never forgive her, Sheena.
Faizan you should go and find out. Ask any of her friends.
I don't know any of her friends. Who should I ask?
Uncle don't worry.
I'll do something.
No use Razi. She left with that boy and perhaps she's already married him.
 Sheena, we've been destroyed.
Uncle, don't worry. I'll hint up something and find out through her friends. 
I'll call the police if needs be.
Have you lost your mind?
Do you know the meaning of informing the police? Disrespecting ourselves even further.
We don't have any other option. Anybody can misuse her because of Safdar's status.
We should hurry up before its late. They'll trace her though her mobile phone.
You want me and my daughter to be disrespected in the entire city.
Why would I want that, auntie?
Keep your suggestions to yourself Hadia. 
Did you call her? Try calling her.
I tried a number of times but her phone is off. 
Safdar this is all because of you. 
Had you not insisted that she shall marry Razi, she wouldn't have left home.
If something happens to my daughter, I'll never forgive you, your sister and your nephew.
Everybody must know by now that I'm not home. 
Oh God, what did I do?!
I wanted to show Razi down and took such a big step. 
Dad will be very angry. 
He'll taunt mom for the rest of her life.
 I didn't want that.
I wouldn't have done this if dad had listened to me.
 I was forced because of his cold attitude. 
Now I'll not go there until he accepts Sherry as my husband.
Good morning, sweetheart. 
Your breakfast is ready. 
Come eat.
What happened? You look worried?
I just feel that maybe I did something wrong in the heat of the moment.
There's no use regretting now. 
Come on finish your breakfast and we'll go to the court today and get married?
Today?
Yes. I was thinking, it'll be good if we can get this done, today only. 
What happened? 
Did you change your mind?
Or are you scared? 
Do you not trust me?
Its not that Sherry. I'm just worried. My family would be worried for me.
Alright, do one thing.
 Turn on your phone and talk to your family. They'll be at peace then.
Alright don't worry.
 I'll take you to your parents once we're married and we'll apologize. Alright?
Come on get up. Your breakfast is getting cold.  
Come on. 
In fact I'll feed you with my own hands.
Come on.
Should we go?
I am scared.
Don't be scared. You crossed the biggest hurdle 
and now you're scared of going to court.
I'm just scared that if dad doesn't accept our marriage.
See Natasha. I know your parents will react intensely.
Let some time go by. They'll forgive you. 
Please bear it for a few days. See, I'm with you.
I'm afraid Faizi. 
What if someone kidnapped her?
Nobody kidnapped her. She went on her own. Razi just showed the CCTV footage to dad. 
be honest mom, who is this guy?
Sherry. Her friend. 
She must have run away with that boy, that wretched girl.
Why did she have to run? 
She could have told me or dad. What was the need to get us insulted by running like this?
I'm a man and yet I married that ordinary girl Hadia. 
Why did she have to run away?
Natasha? Where are you? Where did you go? 
You got married?
Hello? What did you do?
I didn't expect you to do this stupidity?
What else could I do Faizi? Did I have an option? 
Nisar rejected me and married that ordinary girl. 
And dad? He held his engagement in our house.
He wanted me to marry Razi without asking me. 
When nobody cares for me why should I?
 What if dad forced me to marry Razi?
I mean its too stupid of me to explain to you that you cannot be forced to marry. 
Your consent is needed. 
But lets not argue on the phone. Come back.
I'm not coming
I have married Sherry 
and now I'll only come back when dad calls us happily. 
Sherry is my legal husband now. 
All of you will have to accept him and if you don't, forget that I'll ever come back.
Alright. 
Don't come back. 
Nobody needs you here.
What did she say?
She's not coming back.
Where were you dear? I've been calling you.
Mom, I'll call you later. There's a big problem in our house.
What happened dear, what problem?
Don't tell dad. Natasha left the house.
Where did she go? 
God please keep the child safe. 
She's immature. 
How are her father and mother?
They're very angry.
I'm scared they might do something.
Should I call?
No. Don't call and please don't tell dad.
Alright, I'll call you later.
Okay. Bye.
What happened? Why are you quiet? Tell your family about everything that is happening. 
You have a chance to ridicule my sister.
Whats wrong with you? Why will I ridicule your sister?
My respect is concerned with yours but my family would have known. 
I talk to them and if I hadn't Safdar uncle might..
Your family isn't so important that we tell them everything.
 Just be careful next time.
Nothing related to this house or me should be known by your family in Hyderabad.
 I don't like people being involved in my family matters. 
Be careful.
Your family in Hyderabad calls a lot. 
Ask them to lessen the frequency.
I don't believe this. How could she do this?
She didn't like Razi,
 that's why she left the house. 
She doesn't even love Sherry.
How could she think everything?
 She only wants to take revenge from you.
She got married.
She went away with him and you say she didn't like him.
Please don't interfere. I have to see this day because of your son Razi.
Safdar I'm telling you. She did this because she was angry and being stubborn. 
Sherry wasn't so important that she would leave house for him. 
She did this to get rid of Razi.
I'm telling you.
Everything is because of your wrong upbringing.
How can you hold me at fault? 
Don't you remember how persistent and stubborn she has been ever since she has been a child?
I'll go and bring her back tomorrow.
Its no use.
She has left. Forget her.
Forget her.
She tainted us for our lives. 
You're a mother that's why you're getting emotional, but I..
I'll never forgive her.