Who can it be so late at night?
Lord knows who it is.
Let me check.
Be careful.
Sure...
Safdar?
Sister Shina...
Come in... come in.
It makes me very happy to see this.
You guys are preparing for the wedding. I just saw everything.
We're making similar arrangements.
He's our only son and we don't want to miss anything.
I understand why you're worried.
That day Faizan...
We're not just worried...
Looking at Faizan and meeting him has snatched away our sleep.
I don't understand how our simple girl will live in your home.
You didn't do right by deceiving us.
Please brother Aleem...
Let her talk and say whatever she wants. It's her right.
Let her question us and express her emotions. Speak whatever there is in your heart.
You kept us in the dark.
Is this any way to fix your child's marriage?
I was always suspicious.
This is how boys are at this age.
You should be thankful...
that your daughter is getting a son-in-law who is handsome, educated, and has an American passport.
Girls yearn to marry guys like Faizan.
I'm surprised that you're ungrateful, you should be thankful to us.
What are you saying... we didn't do them any favors, rather...
they are the ones who have done us a favor.
They gave us the relationship of a girl like Hadia.
All my life I will never forget this.
We are helpless.
All the invitations have been sent out to our extended family.
We...
don't have any way to save our honor.
You didn't do right by us.
You're right.
You're right to be upset.
There is truth in what you say. Both of their personalities don't match, I know that.
But, at this age, this is how boys are... when they are burdened with responsibility...
they get better.
Apart from this, believe me, there is nothing wrong with Faizan.
Whatever flaws there are in my son's personality will vanish when Hadia comes into his life...
I believe that.
The thing is that we not only have a difference in status...
there are big differences in a lot of things. 
Our daughter can never be happy in your home.
Come, my dear.
Greetings*
How are you, my dear?
I'm good.
My dear, I am a fan of your tea. I'm happy that I'll be getting your tea daily, very soon.
Leave it be my dear. I'll serve it, you can go.
Sure.
Brother, we said what we wanted to say.
Please...
enough, why are you making it worse?
Did you not see what Hadia was going through?
Please... if you break off the relationship a few days before the wedding, over something trivial...
then what effect will that have on your daughter?
It will have a very bad effect. It's very hard to find good households to marry into nowadays.
Please I request you...
Will she be able to stay happy marrying the wrong person?
She should stay at her parent's home.
Maybe in a few years, but we'll be able to find a good proposal.
Nothing is absolute.
We are honest people.
People know who we are.
Honest people don't back on their word as well.
We are the groom's family and nothing bad will happen to us...
But if the girl's relationship breaks off, then people are bound to pose questions.
Shina, please...
Don't add to their worries.
Brother Aleem...
I guarantee you...
God willing, it won't be like how sister is thinking.
I admit that my son is a little rude, but that's because he isn't aware of the culture here.
With time, he will mature.
Please.
Please don't refuse altogether.
I request you two, please...
Why did mother say that?
Why does she want to end this relationship all of a sudden?
Faizan isn't at all like how his mother said he is.
Sister... why are you standing here? Your in-laws are leaving, don't you want to greet them? Come on...
What happened, why are you crying?
You're not going anywhere today, there is still a lot of time left.
And, what are you worried about? After the wedding, I'll come on every weekend to stay with you and you can come here as well.
Enough, stop crying.
Mother, look at her... she's already crying. I told her that there is still a lot of time before her leaving.
Go outside, I want to talk to her.
Sure.
Hadia I know...
you are hurt by what I said.
But we are your parents.
It's our responsibility to think good for you.
We are the ones who can take the right decisions for you.
We will not think anything bad for you.
Faizan isn't like that.
How much do you know about him?
But, won't this defame us?
Do you think...
we're not aware of this?
Then why?
We are concerned for your happiness more than we are concerned for our defamation.
Why don't you call my brother and his wife?
Ask them to have breakfast.
What need was there to leave for Hyderabad so late at night?
I think they went there to apologize for Faizan's behavior.
I think they will refuse because brother Faizan was very rude.
Don't make opinions on your own.
Think about it mother.
Why would someone give their honorable daughter to a characterless man? Not everyone is that greedy.
Besides, uncle and auntie have seen how brother Faizan behaves.
Why are you so happy?
I'm not happy.
I know that my uncle will be able to convince him.
There is no doubt that they are greedy... but...
Wealth can cover up even the greatest of flaws.
Whatever it may be...
I'm praying that they refuse.
Farwa, why do you speak nonsense and bother your brother? Listen to my Razi...
Even if they refuse, you can't marry there.
That's because we stay in the same house. You said that girl loved you right?
That she was always on the phone with you, then what happened that she agreed to marry you?
My dear, I think you had a misunderstanding...
or maybe seeing all the wealth she got greedy.
No Hadia isn't like that.
Oh really! Like you know what she’s really like.
Don't give me explanations.
Greetings*
What is the matter, Safdar? Was everything alright?
Thank God.
Actually, Hadia's parents had some worries...
Not only did we clear them up, but we also assured them.
It's obvious that it's a matter of their daughter's honor.
Maybe they won't accept it, but if the relationship had ended they would have to face humiliation.
My dear, why the long face? Your brother is getting married.
Invite your friends and have a good time.
You know Natasha doesn't have a friend circle, this way she'll find some friends.
Sure, uncle.
Sister, if you want you can invite your friends as well.
Razi you too.
Uh...
Uncle, I don't have friends. There was one, he got married and went to the UK.
Alright, no matter. At least there should be some noise in the house.
Let's start eating.
It was such a good opportunity. You would have gotten rid of that useless girl.
But mother and father talked to them and convinced them.
They already agreed. They were just being dramatic to show their importance.
People from their class do these things...
Look at me, will they refuse me just because I'm rude? I don't think so.
Let that girl come here...
You'll see what I'll do to her.
What do you mean?
Four days...
If she doesn't run away in four days, then you can change my name.
Don't worry about Faizan, brother Aleem.
I know that Faizan will change after he marries Hadia.
I guarantee you that.
Khadija was very disturbed because of Faizan's behavior.
She was afraid of certain things, but they have gone away now.
I apologize on Faizan's behalf.
Don't embarrass me by apologizing again and again.
We are old friends and these things hold no importance.
It's a matter of our daughter...
that's why we were a little worried.
No need to worry, believe me, I'm bringing Hadia...
here as my daughter. I will try that she doesn't have any pain here.
It will be my wish to fulfill all of her desires.
I know that Safdar.
I know that you will take good care of my daughter...
Make sure that Faizan will take care of her similarly.
God willing, it will be that way.
Brother Aleem, I wanted to talk to you about something.
I was wondering if the mehndi function could be combined with us here
Uh...
Safdar...
I'll talk it over and let you know.
No problem with that...
Alright... farewell.
Uh...
Safdar called.
Forget everything...
and pray to God that he doesn't test Hadia.
What was he saying?
He was assuring me and apologized.
He promised that...
he will not any sorrow enter Hadia's life.
And he was always saying that Faizan will change after marriage.
Habits might change...
but what if the problem is in his blood?
God forbid... what are you saying?
He's Safdar's son...
He's sister Shina's son as well.
It's not set in stone that only daughters are like their mothers. Sons can be like their mothers too.
You're well aware of sister Shina's habits. An honorable man like brother Safdar couldn't change her.
Will Hadia be able to change their manner less son?
Leave it be Khadija...
I am silent...
Silently I'm pushing my daughter into the fire.
What else do you want me to do? 
Do you not want me to cry?
Why don't you admit that we've made the wrong decision... we've made a mistake.
Not us, you... you are the one who has made a mistake.
I told you so many times...
I say there is still time.
I don't care about anything. I don't care if we get defamed.
Think about it...
He was asking to arrange a combined mehndi function at this house.
He was requesting... he was saying that he'll look after the arrangements and...
we will send a car for us...
Before the wedding?
The times have changed...
Circumstances have changed...
These things don't matter when one is celebrating. It's not like Hadia is going alone.
We'll be with her.... and there will be guests with us as well.
It's not good to be critical of everything.
We should listen to some of their points as well.
We've listened to everything they've said.
What else should we listen to?
You've already said yes, that's why you're trying to convince me.
When you've already said yes...
then what's the point in me agreeing or not?
Alright...
Whatever you want.
Mother and father were telling me that your mehndi function will be combined with brother Faizan and will be hosted at uncle Safdar's house.
We'll have so much fun. Mother was saying that they'll send cars for our guests as well.
Wow... that's very good. I was thinking of taking all of my friends.
We practiced our dance steps in secret as well. We'll have a great time.
One of my friends was saying... sister...
Are you listening to me?
What is the matter? You look disturbed, is everything alright?
I don't know, I feel worried.
It seems that something bad is about to happen.
God forbid that happens.
God forbid anything like that happens. God willing everything will go well.
If you keep up that face of yours, you won't have any good pictures at the wedding.
A place will be made for Hadia in Faizan's heart.
And our son Faizan will accept her.
I don't think it will make any difference to him.
You know Faizan, he will not accept Hadia.
He will have to.
 It's hard to find kind and honorable girls like her nowadays.
I'm bringing her here as my daughter and if your son does anything untoward to her...
then there will be none worse than me.
Hadia hasn't arrived here and already she has bewitched him.
Listen, I've transferred money into your account.
Buy some things for Hadia, there should be no shortage of anything.
Alright, let me check in on Natasha.
Come and sit sister. I wanted to talk to you.
What is it, Safdar?
I...
I am hosting a combined mehndi function for the kids.
Really... that's very good.
Thank God for that...
Shina is doing everything,
but you know there are lots of other arrangements and I don't think she'll be able to do it.
If you think it's appropriate, please help her out.
Safdar, what are you saying? Why not? I'll help with everything.
I'll ask Razi to monitor all the wedding arrangements.
You have eased my burden... I needed Razi...
Where is he by the way?
He's in his room.
David, you need to stop worrying about it. I've told you a thousand times...
My future there with you in America, I'm gonna be there soon.
Yes, I did apply for the new passport, it will be here in the next ten to fifteen days, I guess.
Well, I do not care about my father.
He doesn't care about my feeling, then why should I care about him?
I miss you too David.
Hang up the phone, I want to talk to you.
David, can I call you back in a minute.
Yeah...
I'm gonna call you back, take care... bye.
That man still hasn't let go of you
What seems to be the problem?
Why are you disturbing me?
I thought your affair with that man would have been over by now.
If your father finds out it will be very bad.
Mother, it's impossible... if father hadn't burned my passport, I would have been long gone.
Just shut up! You know that I don't like that guy, I don't want you talking to him in the future.
When did you get so conservative like father?
You know you can't marry David. It will make a mockery out of us!
Oh my God... wait a second. Since when have you started caring about people?
What difference does it make between what the people say and what they don't?
 I'll go there, court marry him and that will be it.
Don't you dare think of that.... if you even try to take such a step, it will be very bad.
Okay, mom, I'm not doing anything right now, so relax and let me be.
Get up...
Get and get ready. I have to go shopping with you.
Why do you have to go shopping?
Maybe you're forgetting that Faizan is getting married. Your father has given me money to shop for her.
Why do we need to shop for that two-bit girl?
Don't forget that girl is a soon-to-be daughter-in-law of Safdar Kamal.
I will shop according to her worth. But my real intention is to shop for you and me.
We have invited Safdar's close friends, Mr. and Mrs. Rehman to the wedding.
Their son Nisar is a practicing doctor and he's a surgeon at a huge hospital in America.
I want Mrs. Rehman to choose you for her son.
I cannot... not right now...
I just explained to you that I like David and I want to marry him.
You know very well that David can't give you anything...
Marrying Nisar means that you'll play with millions.
Mother, I have no shortage of money. I already have so much money.
And... in my life...
Enough... I don't want to hear childish things.
I want you to get ready within fifteen minutes! Understand?
All of you, come to my home. I've taken mother's permission. 
I've been calling Rumaisa for ages, but she isn't picking up, bring her with you.
Alright, I'm going to get ready. Hurry up.. be here quickly.
Who are you inviting?
Why?
Because it's your dholki...
What?
Does it seem like there's going to be a wedding... there's no noise
I've invited everyone in the evening. 
We'll dance and have a good time, so that everyone may know that there is a marriage incoming soon.
There is a mehndi incoming soon... you can enjoy yourself soon.
We'll be going to Karachi and I don't how that will be.
Let me enjoy myself here, please.
What need was there for you to do this?
Sister, I've already talked to my friends, all you have to do is get ready.
I feel anxious, I'm not getting ready.
So what... I'm in the mood.
I wanted to enjoy myself at my sister's wedding and you're here feeling anxious.
Go on and get ready... dress well, all of my friends are coming.
What do you think about this?
Mom, please... Faizan is the one who's getting married, go and ask him.
What are you saying, what does Faizan know?
We've got this for the bride. I won't buy new jewelry for Hadia.
I decided to give her a few from this...
But I don't feel like giving her anything from my set.
Won't father know if you give her from one of your sets?
Like your father remembers.
Shina... Safdar said that...
Come sit sister.
By God's good grace it looks beautiful...
All of this is for Hadia?
What are you saying, sister?
Do you think I'll give these sets of mine to her? They are made of diamonds, gold, and white gold.
I was just thinking of giving her a few of these.
Each set of mine is of six tolas. Are fifteen tolas not enough?
Sure, you're right. Can't you make up your mind on which one to give her?
Yes, I can't make up my mind. I love all of my sets, I don't feel like giving her any one of these.
Which one is my mother's set? The one which is our family heirloom.
This is not the one. Thanks for reminding me, I'll give that one to her.
It was an old-fashioned set, I'll give it to her.
And, Natasha tells me about this one.
Please, whatever! So whatever you want.
You are useless. You don't help at all.
I don't know why mother is upset at Faizan. Why isn't she happy with my wedding to him?
If she didn't like him, then why did she agree?
Razi, your uncle needs you right now. How can you run away from your responsibilities?
You don't understand my emotions. I don't want to face Hadia.
It would be better if you let me go to my friend's house.
How can you forget your uncle's favors?
Sometimes were are so forced that we become helpless.
It puts an end to all emotions...
Please keep my respect and do as I say...
Tomorrow we have the mehndi function and I've told your uncle...
that you'll handle all the arrangements. Please listen to me.
It's very hard mother...
Razi, listen to me.
Alright... meaning they'll be here by the evening...
Okay...
Alright, thank you. Razi, brother Aleem will be here in a few hours.
Look after the banquet affairs, I'll go and meet the caterers.
Sure, uncle...
Bless you...
Hello... yes?
My dear... why aren't you ready yet?
What should I get ready for?
You have your mehndi today. Guests are at the hall and Hadia's parents will be there soon as well.
It's your celebration, what will I do there?
What do you mean? You're the groom and today is your mehndi.
Come on! All of these suit women... I'm not interested.
People do this out of happiness...
This is our ritual. People find happiness in them.
For God's sake, don't create a mess...
It's just a matter of a few days... after that, I won't say anything to you...
Faizan, your shalwar kameez is hanging in your room. Go and wear it.
Excuse me?
Kurta shalwar? Out of the question!
I can't wear a kurta shalwar. No one will ask me to dance and no one will ask me to put on the mehndi...
I won't partake in any ritual.
Sure don't do all of that.
But please go and get ready, we're already very late.
Okay...
But I'll go like this... do you accept it or not?
Alright...
Come on.
At least you get ready...
All I have to do is make my hair and put on jewelry. I came here to check on him.
Alright... please.
Her and her son
Hello!
Many congratulations!
Same to you...
Bless you!
Greetings*
Is everyone well?
By God's good grace Hadia is getting married into a rich family. May God make every daughter's fate like hers.
Let me know if you need anything.