What is the matter?
Mother has refused. You can eat easily
They will pressurize you now and you will remember his favors.
I won't do anything like that. I hold your happiness dearer than anything in this world.
When Natasha isn't agreeing to this proposal, then there is no point in me agreeing to this.
If she doesn't agree today, she will agree to it someday.
Uncle will surely pressurize her and if she agrees...
then you won't be able to reject uncle.
Mother you should have stated things from the beginning.
You should have told him that I only love Hadia, and I'll only marry her.
I didn't think it was appropriate to take Hadia's name at that moment.
Now that he knows that you like another girl, we don't need to say anything else.
After a few days, I'll take your proposal there.
God willing, everything will be alright. Don't worry and eat.
No mother, I don't feel like it.
Brother!
Mother, where were you? You took so long over there.
I went there to take care of things for you.
You should know that these things take time.
Anyways, I'm sure you announced my decision to them.
Of course, that's why I went there. I won't make that man my brother-in-law.
Thank God that you care for my feeling, otherwise father left no stone unturned in hurting me.
Sister said that he likes someone else and that she'd be taking his proposal for her very soon.
I don't care who he likes, but at least I'm not marrying him now.
Thank God. This is my final decision, and I'm adamant. You can tell father that.
Ask father to give me my phone back, I want to talk to David.
Be patient, otherwise, you'll ruin a set game.
Mother, I haven't talked to him since morning. I've been missing since morning, and he'll be upset because of it.
Natasha, please be patient and don't get reckless.
Mother, you're still up?
What else am I supposed to do when you stay out till late?
How can I fall asleep when you're out?
Which movie are you watching?
What do you care? Go and enjoy your parties, whilst your mother gets bored at home.
Who's asking to get bored at home, you can attend parties as well.
I won't like going to parties at my age.
Firstly, stop thinking that you're old mother.
Alright, what else should I do then?
You should attend parties and enjoy yourself.
Don't make fun of what I say. I've been feeling bored for ages.
I'm tired of watching TV all day.
Ever since you brought me to Dubai, you don't give me any time. You've left me at home alone all day.
I was better off in Karachi, I had friends there and I could go out.
But here, I have no one. You have entrapped me here.
If I keep going out like you, then the two crores I received from Safder Kamal will be gone in two days.
One thing that upsets me is that it's hard to find simple men like Faizan nowadays.
You should have married him, but you listened to his father.
For two crores you threw such a good opportunity away.
Don't worry mother...
There are many men like Faizan who are around me all day.
Then find one to marry.
As soon as you start to age, all of them will leave you. Then what will you do?
Mother, until then I would have accumulated a lot and my old age will be comfortable.
All you do is talk, one day you will regret remembering my words, you'll see.
To tell you the truth I'm upset that you left a man like Faizan.
I didn't leave him.
Soon we'll go back to Pakistan...
What are you saying? You made a deal with his father, that you won't contact Faizan, nor will you go back to Pakistan.
Then how can we go back to Pakistan?
Indeed I did promise that.
But I didn't sign any contract. I won't accept it when we go to Pakistan.
What does Safdar Kamal have as proof?
At least have dinner before you leave, you've been here after ages.
No, I'm not at all hungry.
Auntie, I've made your favorite mince and potatoes.
No, my friends have kept a get-together, and I'll have dinner with them.
Besides, I don't like mince and potatoes. I grow tired of eating our cultural cuisine.
I don't know why Safdar brought us back to Pakistan. I don't know what he sees.
I don't understand it at all. I'll get going then.
Alright then... let me escort you out.
Mother...
Why are you still awake?
No, I was just about to go to sleep. I was sitting here...
Mother... you look worried. Tell me what you're thinking.
No, my dear, it's nothing.
I'm Razi...
Won't you tell me?
My son...
It's nothing like that. You know your aunt, Shina...
I'm angry at her. Her thinking still hasn't changed.
She's still bitter and she still has that attitude.
You know her nature very well.
She will never change.
I have a request, please don't marry me to Natasha.
Please...
I know that... but I'm worried about your uncle. I don't want to upset him.
No mother...
I can't accept anyone else but Hadia
Pick up your stuff and come with me.
Sorry...
I won't go to a place where I don't have any respect.
I won't go to a place that doesn't care about what I like or not.
Alright, stay here then.
But don't forget that this is a hotel. You won't be able to live here for long.
You don't have a single penny.
You'll have to do all kinds of odd jobs, are you willing to do that?
You seem very relaxed. Has father agreed to marry you to David?
Well, he hasn't agreed yet... but he will agree soon.
How?
Not now, but I will make him agree.
What will you do that will make him agree?
Leave that to me, if you trust me.
Please don't confuse me, and tell me what you can do for me.
Because I don't want to marry a school teacher.
I don't want my only, prince of a son, to marry that village girl.
But remember, I can't marry you to Ramsha as well.
Forget about that now.
If you stay like this...
then your father will stay stubborn as well.
We need to employ a different strategy for your father to make him happy.
I miss her.
To make your father happy, marry Hadia.
What?
How can you say that? You want me to do something, for which I left my home?
That can't happen, it's impossible!
What's the matter with you?
Alright then.
Faizan, listen to me...
Hadia is a simple girl. Girls like her are harmless.
She'll do whatever you want.
She'll dance at your every whim.
She'll sit when you want her to.
She won't say a word to your father.
Trust me... you don't need to love her as well.
But just to make your father happy, marry her.
Once you take control of the business...
then you can do anything you want.
No... I won't marry anyone but Ramsha, and that's it.
Alright then... when your father removes you from his inheritance...
then don't say anything to me.
I don't care.
So stupid.
Don't you think she and father are making a fool out of the two of us?
First, she stopped you and now she's convincing me. I'm sure there's something fishy.
Shut up, Faizan! How dare you think something like that.
I constantly fight for you two with your father... and this is what you're saying.
Alright then...
Keep rotting away here!
When your father gives Razi his business...
and when that two-bit man removes you from the business...
then you'll have nothing left in your hands.
How can he do that?
I'm his son, how can he give everything to him?
Does he not care about me?
After all the praise he sings for Razi, he can surely do it.
If you leave your place, then someone else will take your place.
Remember that.
Faizan if you think mother is playing a game with us...
then you can do what you're doing now.
You can leave home again and come back.
Let's go.
So you're back from meeting your son.
Don't be so cold, he's your son as well.
What's the point of having a son who goes against his father's decision?
Life has changed and children have started making their life decisions.
It would have been better if you would have understood.
If you had, then Faizan wouldn't have been living in that hotel.
It would be better if you make him understand, rather than making me understand.
A father always does what's best for his children.
Let it be Safdar. Your children are disturbed by such words.
Shina, you're still trying to make me understand.
I brought us all here from America... because I wanted my children close to my religion and culture.
If they had stayed here, they would have gotten worse.
We're here, aren't we?
We are here because of your stubbornness.
But now, let them live their lives according to their will.
Otherwise...
Otherwise what?
Otherwise, anything can happen.
Whatever will happen now...
will be according to me.
No Safdar, I won't let you do what you want.
Never.
It's not so good to be so strict with children
otherwise, children can get wayward, and maybe let astray.
Do you think...
that I'm happy to be so strict?
It doesn't feel nice being strict with one's children.
But the truth can't be hidden.
Things have gotten so far, that I can't even tell you.
You're my sister, I don't want to hide anything from you. Staying in America...
my children haven't adopted a single ounce of goodness.
Whatever they have done is bad.
It hurts me to tell you this...
but my son Faizan has become an addict.
And my daughter Natasha...
is involved with a foreigner.
Now tell me, what else should I have done? I had to bring them back.
No matter how hard we try, if a catastrophe has to strike us...
then there's nothing we can do. I'm with you on Natasha...
she shouldn't marry a person out of our religion.
And if Natasha doesn't want to marry Razi...
then I think we shouldn't be too hard on her.
And then...
What can I say...
Razi likes some other girl.
We should be happy with our children's happiness.
Really...
Who is that girl?
Let me check.
You?
Greetings*
Where's Razi?
He's at work right now, he's not at home.
Oh really... then why don't you...
call your mother.
Alright sure.
What more can I say? I haven't met that girl.
Mother...
The landlord is here again... will you come with me?
Alright... drink your tea. I'll be right back.
Sure brother, we remember. We'll vacate it before the deadline.
Alright... only a week is left before the deadline...
I decided to make sure you guys remember it.
Brother, we remember very well. I told you...
God willing, we'll vacate it before you leave.
Alright, I'll get going.
Sure... farewell.
So much happened and you didn't tell me.
It has gone so far that the landlord is visiting your doorstep constantly.
Safdar, there is nothing to worry about.
Razi is looking at some options and I am too.
What are you saying? There is no need for a rental home...
You have your brother's home, you'll shift there.
What! What are you saying?
How can we go there? Besides, sister Shina won't like it at all...
You have your children and I have mine... all of them will get disturbed.
No one will dislike it and no one's privacy will get disturbed.
It's good that you said this... I was about to say it to you.
Razi is with me, he's looking after my business. He's running my food chain,
he'll often return home late.
Staying here under these conditions with your daughter...
and this area doesn't seem secure to me anymore.
Uncle, you're right, this place isn't secure at all.
It's often that this place has thefts and on top of that, this place is congested as well.
What are you saying? So many people are living here...
Yes, they are...
Look... I can't take care of the entire world...
but I do care for you two... you two are my family...
I can't even think of letting you guys stay here...
Razi won't agree at all. Why not buy us a small portion for us in another area?
But, for God's sake, don't be so persistent in taking us home.
You guys will be alone in a portion as well... I just said...
I keep leaving the country because of business... and Razi will be taking care of business...
And he won't be able to stay home for long.
Add to that the circumstances of the country, and it's not okay for you guys to be alone.
This way I'll be satisfied that you guys are in front of me.
But...
Listen to me. Don't worry about Razi, I'll convince him. He's a good man.
He won't ignore what I say.
What should I do?
It's hard for me to say no to you.
You've already done us so many favors... after Razi's father's demise...
you are the one who took care of us.
Sister please, don't embarrass me by saying such things. You're like a mother to me.
I spent my entire youth...
abroad... away from my family...
Away from my country.
Shina never let me be close to my children
To tell you the truth... more than her, I'm the one at fault.
I've decided...
that...
I can't live that machine-like life anymore.
I want to...
spend the rest of my life with my family.
I want all of us to live lovingly under one roof.
Together... I request you...
Don't refuse... for my happiness.
How could you even think of that? How could you do this?
This is my home, not a hotel.
You can't just bring anyone here. Today it's your sister and someday it will be brother Aleem
Try and understand...
How can I understand? You took such a big decision without telling me.
Why do you want to make my life and my children's life hell?
I'm doing this all-purpose and I don't want to argue with you.
You know what, I don't even to explain anything to you.
If you think you're taking this decision because...
it will develop Razi and Natasha's understanding...
then you're wrong.
I agreed with your decision for Faizan, but I won't do that for Natasha.
Please stop them. This is my home and I hold my privacy dear.
I would have considered it if it was for a few days... but forever...
I won't allow for this at all!
I don't need your permission. This house is mine as much as it is yours.
I know better than you who should come here and who shouldn't.
You're getting angry at me because of them.
You're giving them importance over me, I can't believe it.
All your life you supported them. You filled their pockets.
Now, his son is young... he can take care of his mother and sister.
For God's sake, stop raising them!
Razi is a smart and educated man.
He can become my right hand in the future.
He has the will to do a lot of things.
He can reach the summit, then I'm sure Natasha would love to marry him.
Please... don't be under that illusion. Be honest with each other.
You should call spade a spade. Remember that.
Why didn't you refuse... I won't go there at all.
Ask your sister... I tried stopping Safdar, but he didn't listen to me.
Mother's right. Uncle wanted us to live with them.
Why did uncle have to come home today? If he hadn't he wouldn't have met that man.
In a few days, we would have found a new place.
But now uncle knows, we can't stop him now.
He wishes for us to live under one roof.
But that's not possible.
Uncle has already done us so many favors, on top of that how will we live in one house together?
I don't understand this. Please clearly refuse!
He's not willing to listen to me.
You should leave this to God, and pray that whatever happens is the best for us.
Uh...
Look who's here.
I knew it...
you had no other option but to come back...
Safdar enough... there is no need to be so cold.
It was hard for me to convince him.
Now...
He won't bother you anymore... he won't talk about marrying that girl...
He will help you out in business...
And... he has agreed to marry Hadia.
What? Really?
Good... good my son...
Parents can never make bad decisions for their children,
as far as Hadia is concerned she's a kind girl.
After the marriage, there will be...
He will put a shine on our house.
I will conduct your marriage with all pageantry.
I have a surprise for you as well.
I've bought a restaurant for you in a posh place.
You will like that place a lot. It's launching next week.
You should come with me.
I don't understand why you were worried.
Uncle... I spent my childhood in that place.
All my childhood memories are attached to that place. I spent a lot of time with my father there.
That's why that house is very important to me.
You're right...
I won't refuse anything you say,
but one should walk according to the time one is dealt.
A good residence and a better place speak to the time of a person.
This way all of you will be in front of me. Besides after Farwa's, my sister won't be alone.
You're right... but I think...
No buts... what I'm saying is right.
Prepare yourself... the car will be there tomorrow...
take your stuff and come to your new home.
Whatever you think is best.
Bless you.
Come... come, my dear... brother Khaliq...
Keep this stuff in the two rooms in the corner. Shina will take care of the rest.
Alright... from now on this house is your sister.
Natasha, your aunt is here, greet her.
Where's mother?
She must be sleeping.
Come here and show Farwa her room.
Isn't it enough that you've brought them here?
Should I go and take her to her room as well?
She can go there herself.
You guys go ahead, we'll meet each other at dinner.
Alright, Safdar...
Please...
Razi...
I'm leaving...
They're here.
All their life, your father took care of their expenses...
and now he's sitting on top of our heads!
I don't understand... what kind of shameless people are they?
On a single offer, they brought all of their stuff here. Father used to praise Razi...
but he turned out to be greedy.
They have bewitched your father. He prefers them over us.
Mother, you should have stopped father.
Do you think I didn't try stopping him?
He does what he wants all the time.
I think I should do something.
Please, don't argue with your father. I don't want him to marry you to Razi...
Over my dead body. What's wrong with you? I'm not a coward like Faizan...
I will not marry any relative of my father.
I'm only silent because of you. If he pressurizes me, I will leave this house!
Where are they now?
Upstairs... and Razi... he kept staring at me.
I don't know what's wrong with father.
Where's father...
He left...
Did you see their behavior... Natasha didn't even greet us.
Aunt Shina didn't come to dinner as well.
How can we live in a place like this?
I told you so mother... I knew no one would talk to us but uncle.
Didn't you see their behavior?
That's the problem with mother. Uncle's word is set in stone for her.
You talked to Safdar, didn't you?
Me saying something is different, it has no value. You're the eldest of our extended family
Your decision should have been final.
We can't change what happened. Enough...
Alright...
I'll tell you what will happen now.
We'll have to see our self-respect be blown to shreds.
Uncle may have brought us here...
Soon he'll ask you to tell me to marry her daughter and you'll agree.
That won't happen.
I've talked to sister Shina... soon I'll go to brother Aleem's house with your proposal.
Mother... why don't you go tomorrow?
I can't.
Safdar is friends with brother Aleem. If I go there without asking Safdar, he'll be upset.
Mother...
I think that you should go there now.
I'll go there, be patient. I'll go there in a few days.
Talk to him today.
I'll talk to him when I see the time is right.
I will.
Sister, there is everything present in my home.
What I don't have are peace and love.
That's what I come here to find.
This is your home, you can come here anytime you want.
We wanted you to bring your children as well.
Sure, they'll come here in a few days as well.
I've come here to ask something of you.
And I hope that you won't turn me down.
In your home...
there is peace...
and there is happiness.
Seeing...
this, I feel...
bringing it to my house...
I don't understand...
Sister, nowadays, girls are very sharp and sly...
But your daughter Hadia is very sincere and smart.
You have raised your children well.
I'm looking...
for such a girl for my son.
I hope you won't...
let me go empty-handed.
What happened? Aren't you taking the tea?
You should take it.
Alright, is everything alright?
Nothing happened... go... it's getting cold.