You don't need to do anything to impress me.
You've already made your place in m heart. 
You're so lovely and innocent.
its not possible that anyone will dislike you
greetings to you too! I am absolutely fine. Tell me, did you reach safely?
and is Faizan fine?
he is also fine
Okay, did Faizan like the suit?
oh! mom, I forgot to gave him the suit
its alright
actually, your father was asking whether his son in law liked it or not
tell dad not to worry, he will like it for sure
thank God, may God always keep you both happy like this
Amen
mom, I'll talk to you later as I've some work. Bye!
God... 
just now you came back from your mother's house, isn't she done yet?
she was asking about my well being
Hadia look, keep less contact with your family
your sister Fizza, she calls you at every odd hour & wastes your time
and your parents! don't they care a bit that its their daughter's in-laws house. They shouldn't come here so often
if it will continue in this manner then it will be so bad, tell them to stay in their limits
understand?
hello! listen, Faizan is here. I just saw his car
alert your entire team
and listen! the acting should be really good
Faizan shouldn't get to know that we've planned all of this
and yes! I've explained the entire plan to my mother as well
Okay
hello listen!
who are you? why do you come here?
we've been noticing your visits over here since so many days
so?
who are you guys to question me? And how did you guys came inside?
get out of here! I will complain to the landlord about you
don't give us threats
so?
this is the society of respectable people, understand!
this will not work here
what will not work here? What rubbish are you talking?
respectable & honorable people like us live here with our families
and the environment of our society is getting bad because of licentious people like you
and respectable people like us cannot live here anymore
by the way, tell me one thing. What relation do you have with this girl?
she is my cousin, ask her!
but we have heard that they don't have any relatives in this city
and its just you who visits here on regular basis
are you having an affair with that girl?
whatever the relation is, who are you to ask me?
Ok tell us, who are you? and by what status you come here?
and what relation do you have with that girl?
hey! what is this happening?
what is this drama!
how dare you to enter my house & talk rubbish!
get out right now, otherwise I will call the police
we will call he police
this is the society of respectable people, this won't work here!
what are you trying to say? We are respectable & honorable people
and you guys have no right to raise finger on our character & that too in our house
Ramsha be quiet, let me talk
what will you talk about? I will talk to them myself
this guy is my cousin & my to be husband! are you guys satisfied now?
now get out! and don't even think of stepping in our house ever
lets go
come on go... get out!
everyone comes inside uselessly. Get out!
who.. 
Ramsha...
Ramsha
Hadia look, keep less contact with your family
your sister Fizza, she calls you at every odd hour & wastes your time
and your parents! don't they care a bit that its their daughter's in-laws house. They shouldn't come here so often
what happen?
nothing
is there any problem?
I am making coffee, would you like to drink?
by the way you make such a nice coffee, but I don't feel like drinking it now. Thank you!
you enjoy
what was the need to argue with those people!
now they will defame you in the entire neighborhood
mom, I did absolutely correct
we should be talking to such people like this
we are respectable & honorable people. Nobody has the right to raise finger on our character!
and to talk rubbish about us!
what if we don't have a man in this house. But we do have some respect
I can't tolerate anymore
that's why I don't like this country
hey Faizan, don't say anything this country. Our country is really nice
but the people in here & their thinking is quite low
Now I am worried about her
its so difficult for us to live here after so much had happened
who will accept her after so much of insult & humiliation?
oh God! please show some mercy on us. Honestly, a daughter is such a big burden
I will try to reduce my visits here
I was expecting the same from a coward & a loser guy like you!
you made my spectacle in the entire society, you got me defamed
and now you will leave me? I knew it that one day this will happen
the situation is in front of you
I don't want to create more problems for you
I have a better solution, let me get you guys shifted to a better colony. We'll find a house in some better place
leave it, nothing is going to change. What will happen by going to a new neighborhood?
I have a request
stop following my daughter, leave her alone!
mom!
be quiet!
what do you want? Shall I die like this?
I shouldn't see you getting married?
I will wed you off in my life
I pray to God that he sends a nice guy, so that I can wed you off with him
No! I won't marry anyone else except Faizan
if not Faizan, then nobody else. Got it?
and Faizan, listen to me very carefully
if you didn't marry me within 2 days, then I will kill myself in real
oh Ramsha... Ramsha!
I think, I should be leaving
listen!
do make a decision when you come next time
my daughter is not so cheap that she shall ruin her life for you
you've hurt my daughter so much
first, you had hurt her by marrying Hadia and now this
go away from here
leave!
and don't come here next time
go away from here!
Natasha
I've been apologizing to you since so many days
for God sake please forgive me
please don't make me mad. I am already having a headache
see, I am going outside with my friends for a while
in fact, do one thing. You also come along with me, your mood will get changed
I don't want to go anywhere. You go
see, come with me by considering me your friend if not a husband
you don't go out at all since you came here
lets do one thing, let me take you for a dinner today
shall we?
please come Natasha, I am waiting
Ok go
I am changing
take more
I had told you, Faizan will not marry me
he is such a stubborn & coward guy
we won't be able to grab him so easily
this plan is also failed
now think for another plan
do something that Faizan gets compelled to marry me within 2 days
hmm... 
I have to think about something
let me use my brain
but you have to promise me
that even this time, if we couldn't handle Faizan 
then you will have to marry as per my choice
see, Mr. Razzaq is restless to get married to you
No! don't be angry. First, listen to me 
he is 60 year old man, he can die anytime
you will get the entire wealth after his death
and see, he is transferring the ownership of such a big bungalow & some share of wealth in his life. What else do you want?
and after his death, you can marry a young & handsome guy. That's it!
don't take that old man's name in front of me!
I don't want to marry him. Nor I want to ruin my life
Faizan is not just handsome & rich but stupid too
he is quite an easy target
and I will ensure to get him
Okay I accept
that maybe you get married to Faizan
but you won't be getting anything. Neither wealth or properties
because until Faizan's father is alive, he won't give you guys a single penny
nothing will be possible for you
I will make the impossible possible. Just wait & watch
you've ruined my pizza
eat some more, take it
enough
hello! what happen, you look quite upset
what happen? Enjoy.. have fun
excuse me! stay in your limits Ok?
you are reacting as if you've come here for the first time
hello! what are you doing?
she is my wife
Sheery! what do you think you are doing?
Leave him!
I will break your legs if I see you here again
what was the need to raise your hand on him?
you've made my spectacle in front of all
he was misbehaving with you
So? how does it affect you?
you didn't talked to me for once after going there
now if somebody misbehaves with me or not, what goes of you?
the previous times were different & now the matter is different
if it was in my control, then I would have broken his face
there is no need to become a hero!
honestly! if you wouldn't have come in between then I wouldn't have spared him
enough! there is no need to do drama
you are such a selfish & deceitful person
who knows, there is some motive of yours behind saving me
it would have been good if I would have died
what is the benefit of such a useless life?
what do you mean by this?
I had lied to you
I had betrayed you
I did wrong by hiding my status
I got the girl whom I had loved the most
but I won't be able to get her love & trust in my entire life
and I know
that soon you will leave me, & again I will be left alone
maybe loneliness is written in my fate
today I've made your favorite breakfast, piping hot flat breads & eggs
really! very nice
In the name of Allah, most gracious and merciful
wow!
you've refreshed my childhood memories
my mother used to make such kind of flat breads when she was alive
Hadia has got the taste of her mother's cooking in her hands
sister, the women in the house should know how to cook
because even a top class chef doesn't match the taste which a woman of the house have
yes, absolutely correct!
because it has got love & care along with the hard work
aunty, please have some
next time make the menu after discussing with me
Safder don't eat such a heavy breakfast in weekdays
we don't like such an oily food, specially me
but I've prepared everyone's favorite breakfast
Safder is not allowed to eat all these things
there is no harm in eating this sometimes
she has made it with a lot of love, and it won't harm you if you will have some. Taste a bit
yes aunty, these flat breads are prepared with organic butter & its not harmful
my father had brought it from Hyderabad, its pure
tell him not to do this formality next time, I am allergic to the smell of organic butter
Najma, bring my breakfast to my room
no problem, I will eat
let me go & give aunty's breakfast in her room
No dear leave it, Najma will serve her
I wanted to discuss something important with you & Faizan
yes dad
I am having a discussion with a Chinese brand, its quite a famous one
and if God wills then we'll confirm a deal with them on this weekend
congratulations to you Safder. May God bless your business with a lot of success. Amen
thank you so much sister, all of this is because of your prayers
so have you finalized any location?
yes, I've marked a location in Islamabad.
I want you to take Hadia along with you
check that location too & this way you guys will get to do an outing
and I am sure that you will not disappoint me like your Malaysia's trip
I'll make sure not to give you a chance to complain
but dad, how will he study? Just now he has started to go to the university
its not a big deal
study & business can be managed side by side
its not a big deal. And I am not asking him to join the office on a regular basis. He can visit sometimes
at least, he should attend business meetings with me & Razi
this way he will learn
Razi, get their flight & hotel booking done
be ready to go there
I don't need his help, I will do all the arrangements
Okay.. please have some
your doubt was absolutely correct
Sheena must have hurt Hadia's feelings
didn't you see, how she left the breakfast prepared by her
the poor girl had made it with a lot of hard work
true
but I don't understand, why sister Hadia hid this matter from me?
although she knows that I am her well wisher & always think good about her
the poor girl got scared of her mother in law. She doesn't want the matter to be exaggerated
that's why the poor girl is tolerating everything quietly
yes
poor sister Hadia
but there is one thing, Thank God that Faizan is treating her well
and Safder is also sending them for an outing
its a good thing, that they will spend sometime together. And the poor girl will stay away from Sheena for a while
mom leave it, brother Faizan will never fix himself
and I will always doubt him
do you know, what brother Razi was telling me
brother Razi was saying, that brother Faizan goes to meet someone else by making an excuse of going to the university
what!
yes
So, did he inform Safder?
No
he is doing wrong, I will make him understand
No mom let it be, there is no need to explain him. He is already very disturbed
and do you know, what brother Faizan did?
he has ruined the entire decorum of the office in a few days. That's why brother Razi doesn't want him to come to the office
but this cannot happen
after Safder, Faizan have to look after the entire business as he is the only heir
and what about Razi, he is an employee over there
yes
quickly get ready, you are getting late for university
what is the matter, you are quite energetic today
yes, the matter is as such. Aren't you excited to go on a honeymoon?
what's there to be excited about?
I am so happy, we are going somewhere for the first time
it will be such a good weather over there, we'll take a lot of pictures together
and after that we'll make an album of it. So that our memories shall stay safe
I will start the packing today, do let me know what do you want me to keep for you
you are getting so over excited, its not like this will be the first & last trip of our life
I am not getting excited to go on a trip, but to spend time with you
you hardly give me any time here, as you go to the university in the morning & come back at night
the trip that you... we aren't going for an outing
dad is sending me off with a responsibility. I have to work there, I don't want to disappoint him
Hadia, its been a lot of time that we got married
and you aren't coming out of the thinking of the honeymoon
Come out the world of fantasies, its the real world
I was about to call you
Ramsha, I won't be able to meet you for some time. We have to be careful, otherwise it will be a problem
what happen, why are you crying?
mom has fixed my wedding with Mr. Razzaq
he will come to marry me next week
what!
has she gone mad! how can she do this?
Faizan, mom made this decision by coming into people's pressure
I go defamed in the entire society because of you & you don't care a bit
mom was compelled to make this decision
but I have clearly refused
I have said to her, I will only marry Faizan!
no matter if I have to wait for ten years
Ramsha, you know I cannot take this decision right now
its not the time
fine! then let me go & tell everything to your wife
are you insane!
are you black mailing me?
you haven't left any other option with me, Faizan
I have already wasted a lot of time on you
everyone thinks that we are engaged, that's why nobody looks at me
Faizan, you have betrayed me
you have left me for nowhere
Faizan, if you won't accept me then where will I go? What will I do?
and now, I don't have any other option left except for telling the entire truth to your wife
Stop me if you can! 
I am coming to your house today
Ramsha, listen to me. You won't do any such thing.
Ramsha!
Ramsha!
your suggestion worked
her behavior has started to change a bit
Okay! now don't waste time. Take her to her father's house as soon as possible
she is a golden sparrow, she will change your life
she is quite stubborn & she is adamant on her words
for how many more days I will keep her? How will I manage her expenses?
but she hadn't come empty hands
you had told me that she had brought cash & jewelry along with her
yes, she had brought. But I don't want to break her trust so soon
then do one thing
Straightforwardness with the straightforward, crookedness with the crooked
what do you mean?
I mean, go outside the house by making an excuse of doing some important work
I will send a few guys at your house and we'll pretend it as a robbery. How is that?
you are right!
I had told you not to do this!
and what I had said to you. Don't you value my words?
for God sake Ramsha, stop doing childish acts
if dad gets to know that you are here, he is going to disown me if we get married,
what is with you? I had explained you all
you are so coward & useless too!
you are dependent on your father's wealth
what do you have of your own? Nothing!
fine! I don't have any thing. I have nothing! I am coward & useless
but imagine, if we get married then what will you get? I won't be able to make you do the shopping of your choice
Faizi, I am in love with you
I love you!
I can manage a simple lifestyle with you
I don't have any interest in your wealth, I just want you
I understand Ramsha, Ok?
but we cannot discuss this right now, you go home. We'll discuss this in peace, please!
move away from my way. I don't trust your words anymore!
again you will appease me by going back home
Ramsha what's wrong with you!
what do you think? Everyone will greet, welcome you inside? And will get us married?
its not going to happen!
have you forgotten what my father did last time?
and this time he got me married with the girl of his choice
you want to go inside, go! go & create a drama
what do you think, this time he will send you to Dubai? I don't think so
he will kill you directly, Ramsha
go
you should have gone to his house immediately
and should have told the entire reality to his wife
so mom, I had gone to do the same thing. But Faizan didn't let me go inside
he had ousted me from outside
you've spoiled my entire planning! what not I had thought
oh Ramsha you!
you don't care about me at all? What if I had died then?
you know how dangerous Faizan's father is!
leave it! its not an easy task to take someone's life
Faizan had threatened you & you came back home
my heart says that he will marry me for sure
it is better to remove your delusion as soon as possible
when I told him that I will wed you off with Mr. Razzaq. He didn't supported you, then how will he support you now?
No!
he will come, you'll see
he will come for sure
Natasha
Natasha
yes, tell me
Natasha, I am going outside for an important work
where? what work do you have?
actually I had asked my friend about a job, so I am going to meet him
till when I will sit idle?
previous times were different, and now its different
you are my responsibility
I accept that I cannot give you those luxuries, but you won't face any problem in this house
take care of yourself
Ramsha
go away from here
I don't want to see your face even
why?
first of all you did such a childish act & then you are getting upset!
what if dad would have seen you then? what if he had harmed you then?
it would have been good! you could have got rid of me
then you could have stayed happily with Hadia
it my life's biggest mistake that I had fallen in love with you
stop it Ramsha, stop it!
why are you wasting your words in front of such a person, who doesn't care about your love
Faizan will never marry you
never!
because he loves his wife a lot
why are you tiring yourself by crying in front of him?
but I cannot live without Faizan
if I didn't get him then I will die
then go die!
if you cannot live without him then go die, but he won't marry you
I am ready
I am ready to marry Ramsha
but I have a few conditions